off
Mr. Morris stated several concerns over the safety of the citizens of
the County if a prison should locate here. In closing, Mr. Morris
stated that he is strongly opposed to a prison locating in Appomattox
County.
Reverend Lucas addressed the Board supporting statements made by the
other speakers opposing the prison. He is also concerned with the
spread of AIDS due to a prison locating in the County. Rev. Lucas
expressed concerns over prison escapes and possible hostage
situations. Rev. Lucas urged the Board to vote opposing a prison
facility locating in Appomattox County. Rev. Lucas presented petition
to the Board opposing a facility in the County.
th
Mr. Carwile addressed the Board and made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to adopt a resolution that we do not want a prison in
Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette recessed at 8:40 P.M. for 15 minutes.
Mr. Paulette called the meeting back to order at 8:55 P.M.
Mr. Paulette asked for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked if the request from Mrs. Belter, for a letter
supporting restoring funding to the Treasurer and Commissioner of
Revenue had been written.
Mrs. Ferguson confirmed that this had been done, along with other
resolutions that the Board had passed.
Mr. Carwile next brought up the matter of delinquent landfill fees for
Mr. Garland Ranson. Mr. Carwile said that Mr. Ranson had been out of
business for years, but he was continuing to be billed for landfill
user fees.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that no additional charges have been billed to
Mr. Ranson since he closed his business. What Mr. Ranson is being
billed is for charges prior to him going out of business.
Mr. Carwile next stated that he is concerned with the congestion at the
Appomattox Post Office and would like for the Board to authorize Mrs.
Ferguson to contact Mrs. McCoy to see what can be done to help with th
problem.
Oo.
The Board by consensus, agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to research this
matter.
Mr. Carwile next stated that he is concerned with executive sessions,
and would like Mrs. Ferguson to check this out to be sure that the
Board was in order when they entered executive session.
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, stated that the Board has used the
executive session privilege as it was intended.