682
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to proceed with
writing an ordinance and holding a public hearing on E911. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Conrad suggested someone be at each polling place and take a straw!
poll on E911.
Mr. Torrence asked if the other Board members would be in agreement
requesting an annual report for the jail on inmate population and from
Piedmont VASAP on their activities.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board agreed to request these
reports.
Mr. Paulette next began the Administrative Items with Planning
Commission recommendations.
Mr. Paulette presented petition 95-256 of Appomattox County and
explained the Planning Commission recommended approval.
Mr. Carwile stated he would not vote on this issue because he has an
interest in property in this area.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley,
to not accept the Planning Commission recommendation on petition 95-25
of Appomattox County to rezone property from R-1 to R-2. Property is
located at intersection of Route 679 and Route 645. Property fronts
approximately 0.3 mile on North Side of Route 679 and approximately 0.
mile on both sides of Route 645. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstained; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence
aye.
OYOY
Mr. Paulette then presented petition 95-257 of William Edward Walker
for a Conditional Use Permit and explained the Planning Commission
recommended approval.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
accept the Planning Commission recommendation and approve petition
95-257 of William Edward Walker for a Conditional Use Permit to allow
Home Occupation (Retail Outlet). Property is located on Route 460W
between Route 628 and Route 622 and is zoned A-l. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence; aye.
Mr. Paulette read petition 95-258 of James R. Guill to rezone property,
from A-1 to R-1 and explained the planning commission recommended
approval.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to accept the Planning Commission recommendations and approve petition
95-258 of James R. Guill to rezone property from A-1 to R-1. Property
is located on Route 719 between Route 1034 and Route 641.