613
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Mrs. Ferguson to allow two (2)
representatives to attend the Local Government Officials Conference in
Charlottesville.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore for the Board to pay
expenses for Mrs. Ferguson and Mrs. Beasley to attend the Local
Government Officials Conference, August 13-16, 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board of Supervisors that she had spoken
with R. L. Bass about designing the Board Room. Mr. Bass stated he had
not done the design but was planning to proceed as soon as he could
find time.
Mrs. Ferguson next informed the Board that information concerning E911
was not available tonight, due to a delay from G. T. E. She continued
that she hoped to have this information by the June 1995 meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson then informed the Board there were two petitions for
School Board for the Courthouse District but none for the Appomattox
River District.
Mr. Paulette then explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 9:20 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:05 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and