563
Mr. Torrence suggested that the other Board Members stop by the Town
Office and look at their meeting room renovation. Mr. Torrence
continued by stating that the Board may wish to renovate the conference
room in much the same manner.
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson the status of the Route 648 proposed
"super site".
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she and Mr. Peterson had met with a
representative of the railroad and he could find no problem with what
the County proposes. Mrs. Ferguson continued by saying that we, are
presently waiting for confirmation in writing.
Mr. Carwile also stated that Mr. Wayne Phelps had contacted him and
that if the County goes to 911 dispatching he would like the road from
Route 613 to Route 26 to be named Phelps Road.
Mr. Carwile next asked that Mrs. Ferguson relay to the Regional Jail
Authority that the County would be in favor of the Authority taking a
Close look at the 39 acres that is being offered to the Authority for
the Regional Jail by Steven T. Conner Real Estate.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson stated that she would share the Boards
views with the other members of the Regional Jail Authority.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had reviewed the proposed "super site"
between Pamplin and Evergreen and felt that we should proceed with this
site if possible.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that as soon as Mr. Peterson had a design for
this site, she would bring it to the Board for approval.
Mr. Paulette next asked Mrs. Ferguson to explain the possibility of a
Community Development Block Grant.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that a Community Development Block Grant may he
available to Appomattox County, if the Board of Supervisors was
interested in applying. This grant would be used for planning for
economic development. Mrs. Ferguson continued by explaining that as
soon as further information was available she would report back to the
Board.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from VACo for a letter to the
Governor in support of SB560 which would increase civil process fees,
and therefore help fund benefits for constitutional officers.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
for Mrs. Ferguson to write a letter of support to the Governor for
SB560. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read a request from Jimmy Burcher, teacher at the
Appomattox County High School, for a proclamation declaring February
12-18, 1995 as National Vocational Week in Appomattox County.