een
working equipment, necessary personal protection and, in the case of
injury, the best first aid and medical services available.
Due to the large number of activities in progress at one time, the
varied nature of the work and the widespread location of such
activities, we must "formalize" our safety program, utilizing written
reports and records, to achieve the maximum use of effectiveness of
loss control information.
The County Administrator will head the Appomattox County Occupational
Safety and Health Program and will communicate pertinent information to
all departments. The County Administrator will undertake such duties
as may be required in the day-to-day operation of the safety program.
We believe that accidents are avoidable and can be prevented. If we
all do our part, including acting and talking safety at all times,
healthy attitudes towards accident prevention, loss control and
improved safety on the job can be achieved.
Safety and loss control is a tremendous responsibility and one that
must be shared by all.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request for a resolution from the Board
of Supervisors supporting restoring funding to Holliday Lake.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION HOLLIDAY LAKE STATE PARK
WHEREAS, The Commonwealth of Virginia, through the Budget Reduction for
FY 95-96, has deleted funding for certain State Parks, and
WHEREAS, The Department of Conservation and Recreation has indicated
they will discontinue operation of Holliday Lake State Park unless this
funding is restored, and
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors considers the
Holliday Lake State Park to be a valuable Economic Development unit in
its inventory of quality of life elements, and
WHEREAS, The Holliday Lake State Park plays a major role in the
successful operation of the Holiday Lake 4-H Educational Center which
supports youth activities for several thousand youth from several
jurisdictions each year and provides services for other agencies of the
Commonwealth.
THEREFORE, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby adopt
the following resolution:
"We request the General Assembly restore full funding to