549
Also Present:
Mr. Henry Richardson, Board of Assessors
Mr. William Hunter, Board of Assessors
Mr. Manley Ferguson, Board of Assessors
Mr. Frank Stacey , Assessor
Mrs. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mrs.
Ferguson to review the background for meeting with the Board of
Assessors and Mr. Stacey.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the general reassessment field work is
nearly complete and the Board of Assessors are preparing to mail the
notices showing the changes in the assessed value of property. Mrs.
Ferguson continued by explaining that some of the Supervisors had
questions pertaining to the reassessment.
Mr. Torrence explained that he was interested in knowing the schedule
for mailing out the notices and also for holding the hearings with the
citizens.
Mr. Stacey reviewed the work schedule with the Board and the procedure
to be followed concerning hearing citizen concerns. Mr. Stacey
explained that the hearings probably would not start for approximately
six (6) weeks.
The Board of Assessors provided information concerning reassessments
done in other areas and tax rates for other counties close to us.
After a lengthy discussion and review of several examples of the 1990
reassessment versus the 1996 reassessment, the Board of Supervisors
thanked the Board of Assessors for their insight into the present
reassessment.
Mr. Stacey asked the Board of Supervisors for the balance on his fee
except for a 10% retainer. He explained that since the field work has
been done, this represents the majority of his work.
Mr. Paulette explained that the Board would review the budget prior to
making a decision on Mr. Stacey’s payment and the County Administrator
would notify Mr. Stacey of Board action.
Mr. Paulette next recognized Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator.
Mr. Peterson began by explaining that he had several items that he
needed to discuss with the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Peterson continued by explaining that he has been the County’s
representative on a Regional Waste Tire Committee sponsored by Central
Virginia Planning District Commission.
Mr. Peterson provided a very informative explanation of the Waste Tire
Program providing details on all aspects of the program.