627
Mr. Torrence stated that in 1993 no funds for housing inmates outside
of the County had been spent. Then in 1994, $18,000.00 was spent and
so far in 1995, $31,000.00 had been spent. Mr. Torrence continued by
saying the original budget, submitted by the Sheriff, for inmate
housing was $48,000.00. He continued that at a later time the Sheriff
revised his FY96 budget request to zero for inmate housing. Mr.
Torrence does not feel that the crime wave is over and he feels the
need for more bed space still exists.
Mr. Torrence continued by saying he did not feel that crime had
decreased and gave statistics that supported his opinion.
Mrs. Beasley stated that Mr. Carwile had brought out some good points
but she felt we still had to consider the cost of adding on to our
local jail.
Mr. Moore stated that this was a difficult decision to make because it
was based on projections and estimates and not on hard core facts. Mr.
Moore continued that he expects the crime to continue to increase as it
has in the past.
Discussion continued with each Supervisor pointing out pro’s and con’s
for the regional jail concept.
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, also questioned several sections in the
Service Agreement that he felt needed clarification.
After further discussion and comments on the proposed participation in
the regional jail, at 9:30 P.M. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by
Mr. Moore to enter into executive session to discuss a legal matter.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:43 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and|
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following motion
was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from