543
the nomination. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. Mr. Paulette abstained.
After the vote, Mr. Paulette thanked the Board for their confidence and
asked for nominations for Vice Chairman.
Mrs. Beasley nominated Mr. Moore for Vice-Chairman of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors for 1995. Mr. Carwile seconded the
nomination. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Paulette,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. Mr. Moore abstained.
Mr. Paulette asked the Board to consider by-laws and rules of order.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt Roberts Rules
of Order Simplified. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked for suggestions for meeting dates, time and
place for 1995.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a notion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to set the regular meeting for the first Monday in each month, with the
3rd Monday reserved for zoning public hearings or additional meetings
as necessary; and the meetings will be held in the School Board Office
Conference Room. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked if anyone had special instructions for the
County Administrator.
Mr. Torrence requested that an office be made available to the Chairman
or Vice Chairman to sign checks.
Mr. Paulette called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mrs. Ferguson pointed out a typographical error in the December 5, 1994
minutes page 6. The minutes should be changed to reflect a July 1,
1996 date for 1st debt service payment on 3 1/4 million dollars for
middle school renovation.
Mr. Paulette called for any other corrections. Hearing none, Mr.
Paulette stated that the minutes of the public hearing of December 5,
1994 and the regular meeting of December 5, 1994 stand approved as
submitted.
Mr. Paulette then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Ms. Lindsay had notified her that she
would be unable to attend the meeting and if anyone had matters for her
attention Mrs. Ferguson could relay them to her.
Mrs. Beasley asked if anything was being done concerning a traffic
light at the Shoppes of Appomattox.