657
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, a meeting was
scheduled for June 28, 1995 at 3:00 P.M. to review contractor
certification applications.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Mr. Jeff Mcleese that he be
allowed to erect a Street sign on Route 617 naming this road Coleman
Mountain. Mr. Paulette explained that the sign would have to be
erected on private property, off the State right-of-way.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board felt this was not a
matter that came under their control, since the sign was to be erected
on private property.
Mr. Paulette reminded the other members of the Board of a meeting
scheduled for June 20, 1995 at Sheldon’s Restaurant in Keysville. Mr.
Paulette explained this meeting was to discuss juvenile detention
problems.
Mr. Paulette next brought before the Board the matter of School Board
Appointments.
Mr. Torrence stated that since no one had submitted an application for
the School Board position, for Appomattox River District, he had asked
Mr. Sonny Tolley if he would continue to serve until December 31,
1995. Mr. Torrence continued by stating that Mr. Tolley had agreed to
serve, if the Board so desired.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to reappoint Mr. O.
H. "Sonny" Tolley to the School Board, serving the Appomattox River
District, for a term from July 1, 1995 to December 31, 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained there were two qualified applications for School
Board serving Courthouse District, Mrs. Terri Conrad and Dr. Richard
Poe. Mr. Paulette continued by stating he had received a number of
telephone calls, concerning this appointment, and they were all in
support of Richard Poe.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to reappoint Dr.
Richard Poe to the School Board serving Courthouse District, for a term
from July 1, 1995 to December 31, 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked that a public meeting be scheduled to discuss E911
and that Mr. Dennis Gragg be asked to attend this meeting to address
technical points involved with E911.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
schedule a public meeting to discuss E911 for July 24, 1995 at 7:00
P.M. in the Courthouse, if Mr. Gragg is available on that date.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.