668
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorde
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freed
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fr
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, an
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
After discussion, and by concensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
instructed to offer the Maintenance Position to Donald R. Martin at a
starting salary of $20,000.00.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs
Beasley to adjourn until after the public hearing on July 17, 1995.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye. /
g . of bff
Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on July 17, 19
at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Dennis W. Torrence, Presiding - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Absent (Board of Supervisors):
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Ems
D5