584
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board of a Virginia Department of
Transportation Preallocation Hearing to be held on March 20, 1995 at
10:00 A.M.
Mrs. Ferguson asked for a line item transfer to begin the groundwater
monitoring.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to transfer
$44,400.00 from 1101-8002 to 4204-3002. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson asked the Board of Supervisor’s to consider purchasing
cellular hones for the Animal Control Officer and the Building
Inspector.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Historical Society to allow
their curator to be paid through County payroll with the Historical
Society reimbursing the County.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
directed to obtain an opinion from the Auditor concerning this matter.
Mr. Moore called for a motion to enter into executive session to
discuss legal matters.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 9:30 P.M. to discuss legal matters. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
On a motion by Mr. Torrence, seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:03 P.M. Vote
Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s al
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fr
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the