572
week for two successive weeks in the Times-Virginian pursuant to
Section 15.1-504 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, and a
public hearing held on the 6th day of March, 1995, and pursuant to
Section 22.1-57.3 of the Code of Virginia 1950, as amended, entitled
"Election of School Board Members".
ARTICLE 3
ELECTION, TERMS, VACANCIES
Section 1. Date of Election
1. The election of the school board members and governing body
members from each specific district shall be held simultaneously at
regular general elections in November.
2. The initial election shall take place at the regular general
election in November, 1995.
Bs There shall be one school board member elected from each
Electoral District.
4. The election for school board members from the Appomattox
River Election District, the Wreck Island Election District, the
Falling River Election District, shall be held at the initial election
in November, 1995.
5. The election for school board members from the Piney Mountain
Election District, the Courthouse Election District, shall be at the
regular general election in November, 1997.
6. The term of any school board member who was appointed by the
governing body and is not elected at the initial school board election
and whose appointed term expires before the election of the
corresponding members of the governing body and after the initial
election, shall continue or be extended to expire on December 31 of the
year of the election of the school board member replacing that
appointed member.
Ts The term for an elected school board member shall be four
years, and shall begin on January 1, of the year following the election
of the school board member.
8. An appointed school board member whose term expires before
the regular general election of November, 1995, shall be appointed by
the Board of Supervisors in the same manner as in place before the
effective date of this ordinance.
9. A vacancy in the office of a school board member after the
initial election shall be filled by special election, pursuant to
Section 24.2-226. The Board of Supervisors shall within fifteen days
of the occurrence of the vacancy, petition the circuit court to issue 4
writ of election to fill the vacancy. Either upon receipt of the
petition or on its own motion, the court shall issue the writ ordering