644
Mr. Paulette stated that he felt public hearings should be moved back
to the Courthouse, due to the need for a private area for the Planning
Commission to meet.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
hold all public hearings in the Courthouse. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette mentioned that the next regular meeting was scheduled for
July 3, 1995, which was a holiday weekend. Mr. Paulette suggested the
meeting be moved to July 10, 1995.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile toa
schedule the next regular meeting for July 10, 1995 at 7:00 P.M., due
to the holiday weekend. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called on Cc. T. Moses, Jr. to appear before the Board
Mr. Moses thanked the Board for allowing him time on the agenda to
address the subject of the Regional Jail. Mr. Moses continued by
reviewing his reasons for being in opposition to the proposed regional
jail and urged the Board of Supervisors to withdraw from participation
in the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Moses and called Mike Smithers, Environmental
Health Manager, Virginia Health Department, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Smithers began by saying he had been asked to appear before the
Board of Supervisors to provide information and answer questions on the
use of "sludge" on landfill areas.
Mr. Smithers then presented the Board members with excerpts from the
Commonwealth of Virginia, State Board of Health, Sewage Handling &
Disposal Regulations".
Mr. Smithers explained the present regulations and that it was possible
to spread sludge on landfill area, once certain treatment had been
performed. Mr. Smithers continued by saying the cost to design and
operate a plant and treat sewage was very expensive.
Mr. Smithers estimated a start-up cost of $200,000.00 to $300,000.00.
Mr. Smithers answered several questions concerning this process.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Smithers for providing the requested
information and read the first Administrative Item, Planning Commission
recommendations.
Mr. Paulette read petition numbers 95-246, 95-247, and 95-250 and
stated the Planning Commission recommendations for the following
petitions:
1) Petition 95-246 of Bascome and Eleanor Hudson to rezone
property from R-1 to R-2. Property is located on Route 645