650
After further discussion, Mr. Paulette called for a motion.
Mr. Torrence made a motion that Appomattox County proceed with
participation in the Blue Ridge Regional Jail, as planned October, 1994
Mr. Paulette called for a second.
Hearing no second, Mr. Paulette stated the motion died for lack of a
second.
Mr. Carwile then made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recind and
annul, in it’s entirety, the action taken in October 1994, to
participate in the Blue Ridge Regional Jail and that Appomattox County
stay independent. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, nay.
Mr. Paulette stated that there was a need for an executive session to
discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 9:48 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:18 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedon
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
S
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.