O74
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked for a
motion to recess to the Appomattox County High School Cafeteria due to
citizen attendance at the meeting.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to recess the
meeting to the Appomattox High School Cafeteria. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called the meeting back to order at 7:12 P.M. and asked
Mr. Carwile to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the public hearing of January 31, 1995; recessed meeting of
January 31, 1995; the joint meeting of February 4, 1995; and the
regular meeting of February 6, 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called the representative from the Salvation Army
Thrift Store to appear before the Board.
Mr. Ronnie Lewis came forward and explained that he was representing
the Salvation Army Thrift Store. Mr. Lewis introduced Mrs. Pat Boyer,
Store Manager; and Shirley Godsey, an employee of the store. Mr. Lewis
stated they would try to answer any questions the Board might have.
Mr. Lewis continued by giving a brief description of the function of
the Salvation Army and explained that they were a non-profit
organization.
Mr. Lewis answered several questions concerning the operation and
budget of the thrift store.
Mr. Lewis concluded by saying that the Salvation Army Thrift Store
would appreciate any consideration that the Board could give, by either
reducing, or eliminating their landfill user fee.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Lewis and explained the Board would consider
this request at a later time.
Mr. Paulette next asked Dr. John W. McCluskey, Chief Deputy Director,
Department of Corrections, to appear before the Board and make his
presentation on locating a correctional facility in Appomattox County.