633
Mr. Paulette asked for comments concerning this request.
Mr. William S. Kerr came forward and stated the location of the
property and the purpose for the rezoning request was to operate a
business at this location. Mr. Kerr stated that there were several
other businesses located close by this area and few residential
properties.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments, hearing none, he asked Mr.
Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read Petition #75-242 of Rosa Huff Guill to rezone
property from R-1 to R-2. Property is located on Route 604 between
Route 727 and Route 719.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments.
Mrs. Rosa Guill came forward and stated that she would like to have
this property rezoned so that she can put a mobile home on this
property.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, he asked Mr. Caldwell to read Petition #95-243.
Mr. Caldwell read Petition #95-243 of Jennifer Jamerson for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow mobile home in Village District.
Property is located on Route 26 between Route 608 and Route 615.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments in favor of or opposed to this request.
Mrs. Deborah Hamilton came forward and stated that she was Jennifer
Jamerson’s mother and that she owned five acres. She continued bysaying that Jennifer wished to put a mobile home behind her residence.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read Petition #95-244 of James R. Almond for a Conditional
Use Permit to allow mobile home in Village District. Property islocated on Route 727 between Route 644 and Route 644.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on Mr. Almond’s request.
Mrs. Donna Almond came forward and stated that they either wanted toput a double-wide on this lot or build a house.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments.
Hearing none, he asked Mr. Caldwell to read the final petition.
Mr. Caldwell read Petition #95-245 of Central Virginia ElectricCooperative for a Conditional Use Permit to allow construction of 128KV