544
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she had information concerning this for
later in the meeting.
Mr. Paulette recognized Mrs. Janet Belter, Treasurer.
Mrs. Belter began by stating that there were enough funds available to
transfer the budgeted money into the Capitol Improvement Account.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer
$200,000.00 into the Capitol Improvement Fund. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Belter next explained that there was approximately $80.00 in
interest left in the Landfill Bond Account. Mrs. Belter requested
permission to transfer this balance into the General Revenue Fund.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to transfer the
balance remaining in the Landfill Bond Account, approximately $80.00 in
interest, into the General Fund. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mrs. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Belter next handed out copies of the financial statement to each
Board member. After discussion being nothing further for Mrs. Belter,
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused her.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Robert Bradner and Judge Harry Lawson to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Bradner introduced himself and explained that he was the Director
of the Court Service Unit in Appomattox County. Mr. Bradner continued
by explaining that his purpose for attending the Board meeting was to
explain some problems that they are having with juvenile detention.
Mr. Bradner and Judge Lawson gave a very informative explanation of the
juvenile detention system and the problems faced due to a lack of
detention space.
Mr. Bradner then explained that a study was being done concerning
detention needs in our area and he would like to request the Board of
Supervisors participate in this study at a cost of $900.00.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appropriate $900.00 to pay for a needs assessment for juvenile
detention. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further for Mr. Bradner and Judge Lawson, Mr. Paulette
thanked them for the juvenile detention information.
Mr. Paulette next asked if any Supervisor had a concern for discussion?
Mr. Carwile questioned the status of the Audit report.