652
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had comments concerning this petition.
Mr. John H. Ranson Jr. came forward and gave his address at Evergreen)
Virginia. Mr. Ranson began by stating they had found there was a n
for the purposed service in the community and in talking with their
neighbors there was no objection to his request. Mr. Ranson asked for
a show of hands from the people who were at the meeting in support of
the petition. Eleven (11) people raised their hands. Mr. Ranson then
asked the Board to approve his application and thanked them for their
time.
001Mr. Paulette then asked if anyone else wished to speak concerning thi
application.
Mr. Gordon Staples came forward and gave his address as Evergreen,
Virginia. Mr. Staples stated there was a need for this service in thi
community. He continued by saying this was a gathering place for
retirees, etc., and a nice place to go. Mr. Staples said he was in
favor of this change and asked the Board for a favorable decision.
©.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Staples and asked for other comments.
Ms. Bobbie Atkins came forward and stated her address as Evergreen,
Virginia. Ms. Atkins continued by saying she lived right next to the
store and that the services they provided were life saving during the!
storms last year when everyone was out of power. Ms. Atkins feel thi
is a big help to the community. Ms. Atkins asked for the petition to
be approved.
100)
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Atkins and asked if anyone else wished to
speak concerning this petition.
Hearing no one, Mr. Paulette asked Mrs. Ferguson to read the next
petition.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that petition 95-255 of Fred and Gloria Arthur
had been withdrawn.
Being no other petitions, Mr. Paulette declared the public hearing
closed at 7:08 P.M. ,
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on June 19, 1995 at 7:30 P.M. in the School Board conference room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District