616
After a lengthy discussion and review of information provided by Ms.
Maxey, Mr. Lawson, Mr. McCullem and Mr. Woodard, Mr. Torrence stated
that he felt the County should continue with Piedmont Court Services
because they had a proven track record, been working with the County
for ten years, guaranteed funding, doesn’t cost the County anything and
even if the grant funds end the County does not have to provide these
sources.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Judge and the Commonwealth
Attorney, the people who were closest to the system, had recommended
VASAP, and therefore he would have to support VASAP.
Mr. Carwile continued by adding, if the County could get a service that
did not cost the tax payers anything, that was also a quality service,
then he would have to support that provider.
After further discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
IN RE: PIEDMONT COURT SERVICES - FARMVILLE
WHEREAS, Piedmont Court Services currently provides community
corrections court services as requested and approved by the courts
serving the counties of Amelia, Appomattox, Buckingham, Charlotte,
Cumberland, Lunenburg, Nottoway, Powhatan and Prince Edward. Piedmont
Court Services is currently operating subject to an agreement by the
nine (9) governing bodies authorizing joint sponsorship. Piedmont
Court Services as authorized by Section 15.1-21 and Section 53.1-180 of
the Code of Virginia as amended; and
WHEREAS, the Piedmont Court Services policy board has requested each
participating Board of Supervisors to execute and approve an
appropriate agreement for this joint exercise of powers;
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox is seeking interim funding for July
1, 1995 through September 30, 1995 in support of the Comprehensive
Community Corrections Act, so as to avoid any disruption of local
offender supervision which would otherwise result from the termination
of the Community Diversion Incentive Program on June 30, 1995;
WHEREAS, this would allow localities adequate time to prepare a
comprehensive grant application in response to the Comprehensive
Community Corrections Act and Pretrial Services Act grant guidelines
which will be distributed by the Department of Criminal Justice
Services,
WHEREAS, Piedmont Court Services which is based in Farmville, Virginia
is a public, non-profit entity;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County that Appomattox County shall be a participating