aid
the election for the next ensuing general election to be held in
November. If the vacancy occurs within 120 days prior to that
election, however, the writ shall order the election to be held at the
second ensuing such general election. The person so elected shall hold
the office for the remaining portion of the regular term of the office
for which the vacancy is being filled. A majority of the judges of the
Tenth Judicial Circuit shall make an interim appointment of the office
until the vacancy can be filled by special election. The senior judge
shall make the appointment if a majority of the judges cannot agree.
The person so appointed shall hold office until the qualified voters
fill the vacancy by election and the person so elected has qualified,
pursuant to Section 24.2-227 of the Code of Virginia 1950, as amended.
10. In order to have his/her name placed on the ballot, each
candidate shall file along with his/her declaration of candidacy a
petition therefore, on a form prescribed by the State Board of
Elections, signed by 50 qualified voters in election districts
containing 1,000 or fewer registered voters and 125 qualified voters ir
any district containing more than 1,000 registered voters. The
deadline for filing declarations and petitions for a general election
in November is by 7:00 p.m. on the second Tuesday in June, and the
deadline for a special election held to fill a vacancy, either (i) at
least seventy-four days before the election or (ii) if the special
election is being held at the second November election after the
vacancy occurred, by 7:00 p.m. on the second Tuesday in June before
that November election, pursuant to Section 24.2-506 and 24.2-507 of
the Code of Virginia 1950, as amended.
ARTICLE 4
EFFECTIVE DATE OF ORDINANCE
This ordinance shall be effective as of the 6th day of March, 1995).
Mr. Lawson further explained that the next step in this process, was to’
have the Justice Department approve our ordinance, once it was adopted
by the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Paulette asked if any citizen wished to comment on the proposed
ordinance.
Hearing no comments, the meeting was adjourned at 6:38 P.M.
LeVe£ ASHE
Chairman
The regular monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors was held March 6, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. at the School Board
Conference Room, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District