596
Mr. Paulette next recognized Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator and Mr. David Garrett, Superintendent of Public Works,
for the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Peterson and Mr. Garrett presented the Board members with a plan
for recycling that should generate revenue after expenses have been
paid.
Discussion followed concerning the proposed recycling plans for the
County.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette requested that Mr. Peterson and Mr.
Garrett get together and present a written explanation to the Board
concerning revenue and expenditure projections involved with the
proposed recycling plan.
Mr. Paulette then thanked Mr. Peterson and Mr. Garrett and recognized
Mr. Charles T. Moses.
Mr. Moses began by thanking the Board members for an opportunity to
address the Board concerning the County’s participation in the Blue
Ridge Regional Jail.
Mr. Moses asked several questions concerning participation by the
County in the Regional Jail.
Mr. Moses continued by stating that there are five things that bother
him about the County participating in the Regional Jail.
1.) The Board members have the ability to spend the taxpayers dollars
better than someone from Lynchburg, Campbell or Bedford counties;
2.) Mr. Moses stated that when he voted for Mr. Paulette he felt that
Mr. Paulette would see that the taxpayers dollars were spent best,
with his abilities, locally, not sending it off for another County
to spend;
Mr. Moses stated that he may have some of the following
facts wrong.
3.) Regional Jail Cost will be $29 million dollars. Mr. Moses stated
that he was not sure what part of this Appomattox would be
obligated for. He would feel that our part would be around 2
million dollars.
4.) An appraisal was done on August 18, 1994 by Milton Appraisal
Company, appraising the Sheriff’s office space at approximately
$135,000.00. They appraised the Jail and Office space together at
between $500,000.00 and $525,000.00. Mr. Moses stated that the
Regional Authority has offered Appomattox County $142,055.00 for
this building.
5.) Milton Appraisal also appraised a lot in Lynchburg, that is the
proposed site for the Regional Jail, the City asked $1,500.000.00
for this
lot. There was a meeting in Lynchburg and the City agreed to drop
the price to $1,000,000.00 Milton Appraisal appraised this lot
for $175.000.00.