648
WHEREAS, these interbasin and intrabasin transfer limits may have a
severely detrimental affect on all jurisdictions in the Appomattox
County area and may constitute legal precedents if approved by the
General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and
WHEREAS, any limitations may prove to be detrimental to the economic
well being and overall growth of the Appomattox County area.
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors opposes restrictions on the interbasin and intrabasin
transfers of waters caused by withdrawal of waters to satisfy the ne¢
of the City of Virginia Beach or any other jurisdiction located withi
the Commonwealth that might have adverse affect on jurisdictions
located with the Central Virginia Planning District Commission
geographical area.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
a
Mr. Paulette then stated a letter had been received from Dr. Thomas,
Superintendent of Public Schools, requesting Board of Supervisor
personnel have the Schools underground tanks removed.
Discussion followed. No action was taken.
Mr. Paulette stated the meeting regarding juvenile detention would he
held on June 20, 1995 at Sheldon’s Restaurant in Keysville at 6:30 PJM.
Mr. Paulette next proceeded with the Administrative Items - Additional
Items for Consideration.
Mr. Paulette presented appropriation request from the School Board and
the Jail.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$15,000.00 from the Textbook Rental Fund for July 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$504.97 from the Athletic Fund for the month of June, 1995.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$5,167.82 for inmate housing for the months of January-March 1995.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the next item which was a request from Mr.
Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator for a line item transfer.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to transfer $270/00
from 4204-3002 to 4204-5410. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.