367
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read a letter from the Appomattox Elementary School PIO
concerning a fence between the Advance Auto and the Elementary School.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, asked Mrs. Ferguson and Mr.
Lawson to research the County’s agreement with Mr. Wright to see what
could be done to help with this problem.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the American Legion Post 104
for a raffle permit.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a raffle
permit for American Legion Post 104 for 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department
for an appropriation for a radio that was destroyed during a fire.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$827.60 for Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request for an appropriation to cover
damage to the door on fire unit #1, from Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$862.38 to Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department for damage to fire unit
#1. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Sheriff Richardson for an
appropriation to cover increases given by the Compensation Board to
several employees who were not up to the appropriate pay level.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to appropratie $2,687.36 to cover increases given by the Compensation
Board for several employees. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Also, the Sheriff has requested an appropriation of $20,000.00 to pay
inmate housing in other facilities.
After discussion and by consensus, the Board
agreed to make inmate housing appropriations as needed.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$1,500.00 to inmate housing. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.