566
WHEREAS, There has been a long standing need for development of the
tourism industry along the Route 29 corridor; and
WHEREAS, This area of the Commonwealth is the only major area unserved
by a regional visitors center; and
WHEREAS, A regional visitors center would significantly enhance
regional tourism development efforts currently underway within
the Region under the auspices of Centerstate 29; and
WHEREAS, Governor George Allen has included $200,000 in his recommended
FY 1995-96 budget for the establishment of a regional visitors
center on Route 29 in Danville;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County, Virginia that it does endorse and support
the proposed budgetary allocation of $200,000 for a regional
visitors center on Route 29 in Danville which would service
communities along the Route 29 Corridor as well as Route 58
and within the Central Virginia Area;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia does suggest the concept of a
multi-jurisdiction effort to operate a regional visitors
center and will coordinate with other localities within the
Region under the auspices of the Budget funding.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read a letter from the Central Virginia Air Pollution
Control Committee with an explanation about the committee.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that the
County would no longer participate on this committee.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that there is a vacancy on the Board of Zoning
Appeals which needs to be filled by a resident of the Town.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to submit the following
names to the Judge for possible appointment to the Board of Zoning
Appeals: Cliff Harvey, Francis Elliott and R. Merle Ferguson. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented the Board with several requests from Ann
Lawson, Recreational Director for repairs to the backstop at the
ballpark and for replacing two (2) light poles.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, asked that Mrs. Ferguson
obtain more information concerning the backstop.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$7,825.00 to replace two (2) rotten light poles at the ballpark. Vote