541
WHEREAS, thousands of Appomattox County citizens have improved the
quality of their lives because they received professional services fron
staff of Central Virginia Community Services; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the need
to provide appropriate mental health, mental retardation and substance
abuse services to the growing number of people with disabilities in our
county; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has provided
funding for Central Virginia Community Services during the 25 year
period of its existence; and
WHEREAS, the citizens of Appomattox County are grateful for the
services of the Board and staff of Central Virginia Community Services
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County commends the Board of Directors and staff of Central Virginia
Community Services for the dedication and service shown toward citizens
of Appomattox County over the past 25 years; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors extends its
congratulations and support to the Board of Directors and staff of
Central Virginia Community Services as it begins a new quarter century
of service to the citizens of Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department for use of the room that previously housed the DMV office.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Spout Spring Ruritan Club
for renewal of their Bingo Permit.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Bingo
Permit for Spout Spring Ruritan Club for 1995. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to enter into
executive session at 10:15 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel
matters. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mr. Moore, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:45 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted: