643
Mr. Paulette then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by asking the Board to adopt a resolution as a result
of the Secondary Road Public Hearing.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held the annual
Secondary Road Budget Hearing on April 3, 1995, after publishing notice
in the Times Virginian newspaper once a week for two (2) consecutive
weeks and posting Notice of Hearing at the front door of the Appomattox
County Courthouse ten (10) days before the hearing, and
WHEREAS, those members of the public attending said hearing were given
the opportunity to participate in and make requests for new roads and
improvements, and
WHEREAS, the proposed Secondary Road Budget Priority List for 1995-96
was read into the record at said hearing for all in attendance to hear.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the attached Secondary Road Priority
List for Appomattox County for 1995-96 is hereby approved by this Board
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Lindsay then explained that the Six Year Plan would be revised
every year instead of every other year.
Ms. Lindsay received several concerns from Board of Supervisor members
that she stated she would look into.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay and asked if any
Supervisor has a concern for discussion.
Mr. Carwile asked for a show of hands of those who were attending the
meeting due to the Regional Jail decision.
Mr. Carwile next stated that Joel Carnefix, Route 4, Appomattox ,
Virginia had contacted him concerning continued cost increases involved
with farming. He stated that Mr. Carnefix felt land use tax may be in
order to help contain these rising cost to the farmers.
Mr. Carwile also stated that he would like to see the public
participation slot placed on the agenda for regular meetings.
After discussion, it was agreed that each Board member would give Ms.
Ferguson their suggestions for guidelines to govern public
participation in Board meetings and Mrs. Ferguson would compile this
information for Board approval.