608
Mr. Moore stated that he felt definite guidelines should be in place.
Mr. Paulette stated that he felt the Board agrees that there may be a
need for this type slot on the agenda but feels that the Board members
should review the information provided and come up with guidelines as
to how this would be controlled.
Mr. Paulette then recognized Mr. Norman Emmanuel and Mr. John Zagotos
to appear before the Board.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Emmanuel for coming and asked if he would tel
the Board a little about his operation.
Mr. Emmanuel began by saying he had been recycling tires for 38 years,
Mr. Emmanuel stated they recycle approximately five million tires now,
with their business area mainly in Maryland. He continued by saying
they had a interest in locating in this area. Mr. Emmanuel explained
that the operation would not start out as large as the one in
Baltimore, but if it were that large, they would hire between 35 to 40
employees.
A lengthy discussion followed with Mr. Emmanuel answering questions
concerning his proposed operation.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Lawson, County
Attorney, was directed to draw up an agreement with Mr. Emmanuel for
approval. .
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Emmanuel and Mr. Zagoto for coming and then
called Ms. Renee Trent Maxey, Piedmont Court Services, to appear befor
the Board.
Ms. Maxey began by presenting the Board members with a handout
detailing the Piedmont Court Services operation. (Handout on file in
May 1995 Board File.)
Ms. Maxey explained that Piedmont Court Services had been providing
services since 1983 and that her purpose for coming before the Board
was to provide an overview of the services they offer.
Ms. Maxey explained that new legislation would be taking effect July 1
1995 which would require a resolution from Appomattox County, in order
for Piedmont Court Services to continue to provide services for the
County. Mrs. Maxey explained that presently she services nine (9)
Counties and that six (6) of these nine Counties has already signed on
with Piedmont Court Services for July 1, 1995-September 30, 1995.
Ms. Maxey explained that she would like to continue to provide service
for Appomattox County, if the Board of Supervisors could see fit to
allow Piedmont Court Services to continue to provide these services.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Maxey for her presentation and explained that
Ms. Allen with VASAP would be unable to attend the meeting tonight.