538
WHEREAS, The political boundaries of the Commonwealth of Virginia hav
been shifting in recent years such that greater control is concentrati
in the Northern Virginia and Tidewater Regions of the State and the
Southside Rural and Urban areas find themselves in major competition
for precious State dollars; and
O-0:
WHEREAS, Needed transportation funds and corridor improvements requir
joint efforts of multiple jurisdictions to insure adequate funding; al
So
for
WHEREAS, There appears to be a continued effort at the State level for
the consolidation of various State and quasi-state organizations into
regional service areas; and
WHEREAS, The development of these service areas tend to combine larger
areas of Southside Virginia creating new service problems for those
regions; and
WHEREAS, Southside Virginia shows an identity in numerous areas in
both economic development, transportation, finance, and tax base withiin
a united effort would be beneficial for all participants for the
Southside region.
THEN, BE IT HEREBY, RESOLVED: That the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County hereby agree to participate in the Southside
Legislative Consortium and provide necessary political and
administrative support during the upcoming General Assembly for those
programs of benefit and interest to Southside, Virginia; and
BE IT HEREBY FURTHER RESOLVED: The Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County agree that there is a need for a unified lobbying effort to
insure that the interests of Southside Virginia are presented and
protected during the General Assembly Session and that a proposal
should be drafted and submitted to the participating jurisdictions
including estimated costs of the unifying lobbying effort for the 1995
General Assembly Session.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next brought before the Board the recent survey of the
County property on Route 608 at Stonewall Voting Precinct. Mrs.
Ferguson explained that she had met with Mrs. Martin and Mr. Thompson
present owners of the property adjoining County lot, and requested an
exchange of back property for a fifty (50) foot strip to Route 608.
Mrs. Ferguson continued by explaining that Mr. Thompson preferred the
County exchange their parcel for a parcel on the opposite side of the
road from the present site.
After a lengthy discussion, and by consensus, the Board of Supervisor:
requested Mrs. Ferguson write Mr. Thompson and Mrs. Martin and propos
the following options:
Oh