693
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked
Supervisor Torrence to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of September 5, 1995; the public hearin
of September 18, 1995; and the recessed meeting of September 18, 1995
as presented. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ve}
Mr. Paulette next called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by presenting copies of a letter in reference to
Gunter Subdivision, Route 669, per a request for information from Mr.
Carwile. Ms. Lindsay explained the landowners share for constructing
this street would be $59,796.00 and that construction would be
contingent on matching funds being available in the Additions
Allocations of the county’s road construction budget.
Mr. Carwile thanked Ms. Lindsay for providing the requested information.
Mrs. Beasley asked about the annual road hearing.
Ms. Lindsay explained the hearing would have to be held prior to
January 30, 1996. She also stated she and Mr. Don Austin were working
on a date for a work session on the Six Year Plan and Construction
Budget. She continued this session would probably be scheduled after
November 7, 1995.
Mr. Torrence asked the progress of the Route 701 project.
Ms. Lindsay stated her understanding is that Jon Montgomery has the
authority to grant right of entry. She still feels there are other
problems involved with this project that are not easily resolved.
Mr. Torrence stated he would talk with Mr. Montgomery and see if he
could get approval to proceed.
Mr. Torrence then mentioned the section of Route 622 that is presently
unpaved, and asked what the problem was with this section.