662
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Absent:
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked
Supervisor Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Paulette called for additions and corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of May 1, 1995; public hearings of May
8, 1995; May 15, 1995; May 16, 1995; June 6, 1995; and recessed
meetings of May 8, 1995; May 15, 1995; May 22, 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called Ms. Robyn Allen, VASAP, to appear before the
Board.
Ms. Allen began by thanking the Board for allowing VASAP to provide
Community Diversion Incentive services for Appomattox County. Ms.
Allen continued by giving a brief overview of the VASAP operation and
explained they would make every effort to provide excellent client
services for the Courts they serve.
Ms. Allen then answered some questions from Board members concerning
their operation.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Allen and called for Supervisor
concerns.
Carwile asked if we had heard anything from Mr. Norman Emanuel.
Lawson, County Attorney, stated that a letter had been written tq
Emmanuel and he was waiting on a reply.
Carwile then noted that several buildings in Courthouse Square were
need of repair. He continued by requesting that Mrs. Ferguson have
several contractors give prices on repairing this damage.
Mr. Carwile stated he feels there is a need in the County for
infrastructure. He mentioned the Board had met on several occasions
with Town Council to try to resolve infrastructure problems. He
continued he felt the Board needs to move ahead. Mr. Carwile continued
by saying several suggestions to assist with moving forward may be: 1]
Recalling the Blue Ribbon Committee; and 2) Hiring an Economic