689
the rezoning request. She explained there were eight (8) landholders
bordering this property that were opposed to Mr. Wingfield’s request.
Mrs. Hamilton continued by saying Red Oak Church borders this property
and they were not notified of this petition.
Mrs. Marietta Irby came forward and gave her address as Route 3, Box
315, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Irby stated she lived on Route 608
approximately 3/10 of a mile from the proposed business and was opposed
to the rezoning request.
Mrs. Linda Phelps came forward next and stated her address as Route 3,
Box 274, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Phelps stated she has land
adjoining this property and she is opposed to Mr. Wingfield’s request.
Mrs. Phelps continued by stating she felt this change would devalue her
property.
Mr. Otho Martin spoke next and gave his address as Route 3, Box 305,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Martin explained he is against this request
due to the fact this was a residential area and he wanted it to remain
a residential area.
Mr. Wayne Phelps came forward and gave his address as Route 4,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Phelps explained he owns a business and
property in Oakville. Mr. Phelps explained Mr. Wingfield has purchased
thirty-five (35) acres of property and he felt this petition should be
approved. He requested the Board closely consider this request.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-265 of the Appomattox Moose Lodge
#975 for a Conditional Use Permit to construct addition and expand
kitchen and dining area. Property is located on Route 460 between
Route 1045 and Route 613. Property is zoned A-1.
Mr. Paulette called for comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition.
Mr. Caldwell stated petition number 95-266 of C. Douglas Branch had
been advertised incorrectly and would be heard at the October public
hearing.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-267 of United States Cellular for
a conditional use permit to allow 250 ft. tower on property located off
Route 658 (town water tank site). Property is zoned A-1.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. Douglas Wilks came forward and stated he worked for United States
Cellular and their plans were to construct a tower at the present Town
Water Tower site. This tower would house their equipment as well as