552
the Holliday Lake State Park."
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request for an appropriation from the
Law Library Fund.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $481.05
from the Law Library Fund. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Virginia Association of
Counties for a resolution expressing concern over the Governor’s
proposed budget amendments.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Governor George F. Allen announced his amendments to the
1994-96 budget on December 19, 1994; and
WHEREAS, the budget amendments propose over $100 million in reduction
or elimination of funding of crucial public service programs provided
by Virginia’s local governments; and
WHEREAS, the state’s long-standing commitment to funding local services
including officers of commissioners of revenue and treasurers, local
libraries, aid to localities with police departments, and traditional
state matches for health and human service programs are eliminated or
reduced significantly; and
WHEREAS, rural localities are particularly affected with additional
reductions in cooperative extension funding, downsizing of the Center
on Rural Development, the elimination of rural economic development
grants, elimination of the Shoreline Advisory Program, elimination of
funding for gypsy moth suppression, technical assistance for flood
ordinance development, and reduced funding for soil surveys; and
WHEREAS, the proposed funding levels for state aid to education which
eliminate the maintenance supplement, reduce funding for "at risk"
pupils, eliminate school/community health centers, enrollment loss,
early childhood grants, and other program eliminations reduce the
state’s per pupil expenditure an average of $15 per pupil; and
WHEREAS, local jails are now 65 percent over capacity because of the
backlog of state prisoners in local jails yet the budget amendments
propose a reduction in state funding for local prisoners awaiting trial
and for misdemeanants who have been sentenced; moreover, no new funding
is included in the budget for implementation of the community
corrections act and funding for operating costs in local and regional
jails is reduced; and