691
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting at 8:25 P.M. and requested a
resolution for the Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act Local
Plan.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile t
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
VIRGINIA JUVENILE COMMUNITY CRIME CONTROL ACT LOCAL PLAN
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox agrees to participate in the Virgini
Community Crime Control Act; and
WHEREAS, participation in the Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Contro
Act requires a local plan be drawn showing how funds will be expended;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County that the plan attached to this resolution is the
Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act local plan for Appomattox
County and that this Board endorses this plan.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then explained there was going to be an Economic
Development Seminar in October at Blacksburg and asked if the Board
wished someone to attend.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt in light of the fact the County was
considering economic development advances this seminar would be
beneficial. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence for Mr
Paulette and Mrs. Ferguson to attend this seminar. Vote: Mr. Paulette
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette informed the other Board members the County would have a
booth on November 16, 1995 at the Appomattox Elementary School,
School-Community-Business Fair and encouraged all Board members to
attend.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had comments on the Emanuel Tire Company
Agreement.
Mr. Carwile asked if the process was moving along.
Mrs. Ferguson answered that Mr. Vincent was here and beginning to move
along with getting the site in order.
2
|
~