658
Mr. Torrence next brought to the Board’s attention that Ms. Susan
Hunter of Pamplin had hired someone to clear some land for her and when
she was billed for this debris by the landfill the fee was exorbitant.
Mr. Torrence suggested that Mrs. Hunter be charged by cubic yards
rather than tonnage.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
credit Mrs. Susan Hunter for all but $63.00 of her landfill charges.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence next informed the Board that Mrs. Raymond Dickerson had
contacted him and explained her husband had suffered a heart attack.
Mrs. Dickerson asked that her son be contacted with anything concerning
their fruit stand. Mr. Torrence asked if this issue could be tabled
for the present until Mr. Dickerson recovers and decides what he would
like to do.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to table
this issue at the present time.
Mr. Paulette next explained an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal matter.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 8:35 p.m. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:50 p.m. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member's
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
3