582
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order and asked Dr. Thomas,
Superintendent, of Public Schools to review the renovation plans for
the Middle School.
Dr. Thomas began by explaining that since the original debt service
schedules were prepared, Literary Fund loans have become available at!
2% interest. Dr. Thomas continued by saying that with the new optior
available, Appomattox County could borrow 5 million dollars from
Literary Fund and pay approximately the same debt service payment as
was originally figured on 3 1/4 million dollars from VPSA.
S
Mr. Paulette left the meeting.
Dr. Thomas next asked the consultants from Dewberry & Davis to reviey
the two (2) renovation plans that are being proposed.
The consultant began by explaining that all the room for growth had
been eliminated from the original plans and what you were left with
were the bare necessities, in order to try to stay within the 3 1/4
million dollar figure. (Handouts were presented] A copy is on filejiin
the March 1995 Board File.)
A lengthy discussion followed with several different options being
considered for the middle school addition and renovation and questions
being asked of the consultants.
Concerns were expressed over the loss of the athletic field and parking
for the Middle School.
Dr. Poe told the Board that the purpose of the meeting was for the
School Board to inform the Board of Supervisors about the increase iy
cost for the project and to make the Board of Supervisors aware of th
Literary Fund monies being available at 2% interest. Dr. Poe continu
that the School Board would like for the Board of Supervisors to
consider the new options and let the School Board know of their
decision.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to have Mrs.
Ferguson proceed with gathering information on the purchase of the
adjoining Church property. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
After further discussion, the Board of Supervisors, by consensus agre¢
to have a decision for the School Board by March 31, 1995, as to the
amount of funding for the Middle School project.
The School Board Members left the meeting.
Mr. Moore, Vice-Chairman, then asked Mrs. Ferguson to present other
items.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a resolution, drafted by Mr. Torrence, opposing
the construction of a prison facility in Appomattox County.
go