536
Appomattox Lime Co. 3,906.76
Crestar Bank 218,946.25
Caterpillar Financial Services Corp.
(pay on principal) 16,521.38
$257,994.39
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appropriate
$8,300.00 to Sheriff’s budget for additional cost of new vehicles.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appropriate
$200.00 to General District Court budget for replacing drum on copy
machine. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr: Moore to appropriate
$1,393.89 from the Asset/Forfeiture Account for the month of December,
1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that the Chamber of Commerce has presented
Mr. Clayton Haworth for appointment to the Central Piedmont Private
Industry Council and requested a letter of endorsement from the Board
of Supervisors.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, requested that Mrs. Ferguson
write a letter endorsing Mr. Haworth’s appointment to the Central
Piedmont Private Industry Council.
Mrs. Ferguson then presented a request from the Virginia Cooperative
Extension Council for a resolution to the Governor, supporting
restoration for extension’s full budget request for 1995-96.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Virginia Cooperative Extension is a joint program of the
federal, state and local governments in cooperation with Virginia Tech
and Virginia State Universities.
WHEREAS, Virginia Cooperative Extension contributes significantly to
the quality of life and economic development of the Commonwealth of
Virginia.
WHEREAS, the educational programs and services of Virginia Cooperative
Extension are available to every resident of the Commonwealth without
regard to socio-economic status, race, age or any other consideration.