687
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fro
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to offer Norman
Emmanuel Tire Shredding Company the September 5, 1995 Agreement for
starting a tire shredding business on County Property and appropriate
$13,350.00 to cover the County’s share of the cost, with the Chairman
and County Administrator having the authority to negotiate the terms a
the agreement. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
After further discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to recess until Friday, September 8, 1995 at 4:00 P.M., if
necessary. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on September 18,
1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Present (Planning Commission):
Al Sears (arrived at 7:06 P.M.)
R. W. Mitchell
Calvin Tanner
Claude Allen Moore
Russell H. Moore
Wayne Lewis
Robert Johnson