684
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reappoint Mr. R.
"Bobby" Mitchell to the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board dq
Directors for a term to expire September 30, 1998. Vote: Mr. Paulett
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request for appropriation from the Law
Library Fund.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $31.5
from the Law Library Fund for the month of September, 1995. Vote: My
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; 4
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented line item requests for the month of Augus
1995.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer $3,900.00
from 1101-5804 to 3501-5203 - $500.00 and 3501-7005 - $3,400.00. Vot
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, ay
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Landfill Administrator
for expenses to be paid for himself and Mr. Moore to the Solid Waste
Association Annual Conference.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay expenses f
Mr. Peterson and Mr. Moore to attend the Solid Waste Association Annu
Conference. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the next item, a request for resolution from
Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox is seeking local offender supervisi
for the Community Diversion Incentive Program; and
WHEREAS, Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program has been endorsed by
Judge Robert G. Woodson, Jr.;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE I'T RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County that Appomattox County shall be a participating
locality served by Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program - Farmville
hereinafter referred to as Program. Program is established for the
purpose of providing as ordered by the Courts, intensive supervision,
community service, public education, fire option, restitution
V
OH =
or
al
pn.