630
past four years and urged the Board to allow him to continue in thisposition.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Rush for her comments and called Ms. LouiseMartin to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Beasley arrived.
Ms. Martin began by saying that she was a retired teacher and coachwith the Appomattox School System. Ms. Martin stated that althoughis retired, she has remained very involved with the school system. IIMartin continued that she had observed that Dr. Poe works very wellwith other School Board Members to improve the education of ourChildren. She also stated that Dr. Poe had been instrumental ingetting teachers salaries to a level comparative with surroundinglocalities. She stated that Dr. Poe strongly supported reading
programs that were a must for a strong education. In conclusion, MsMartin asked the Board of Supervisors to allow Dr. Poe to continue thwork he had begun on the School Board by reappointing him to represethe Courthouse District.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Martin and asked Dr. Richard Poe to appearbefore the Board.
Dr. Poe began by saying he had enjoyed serving on the School Board fthe last four years and that all his decisions had been based on whahe felt in his heart was in the best interest of the students. Dr.continued by stating that he felt some of his major accomplishmentsduring the four year term were: 1) Advances in the reading program;Seamster System at the high school; 3) New course offerings; 4) Oddesof the Mind: 5) increases in teachers salaries ; 6) teachers and staf:evaluation program; 7) upgrades to school buildings; and 8) movingtowards a true middle school concept. In closing, Dr. Poe said he haenjoyed the past four years and hoped the Board of Supervisors wouldallow him to continue for the next two years.
Mr. Paulette thanked Dr. Poe for his comments and announced that adecision would be made, on the Courthouse District appointment, at thJune 19, 1995 Board of Supervisors meeting.
Mr. Paulette closed the public hearing at 6:55 P.M.
Chairman
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
April 17, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board Conference room, North
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors): ; ;
Mr. Cnilip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
m0)
To
©