S27
Mrs. Ferguson next presented information on a small claims court.
Mr. Lawson advised that this was unnecessary in Appomattox County. He
continued by saying that we already handled a number of cases just as
the Small Claims Court would.
After Mr. Lawson’s comments, the Board by consensus, agreed that
Appomattox County did not have a need for a small claims court, at this
time.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented two (2) requests for convention and
education expenses. One (1) request from Mr. Brian Armontrout,
Librarian and one (1) request from Mr. Tommy Gobble, landfill employee.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to reimburse Mr. Brian
Armontrout $421.86 for conference expenses. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette,
aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a $100.00
application fee for landfill certification test for Mr. Tommy Gobble.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that McGuire, Woods, Battle & Boothe had
written requesting the County join another coalition to negotiate
alternatives to cleanup of contaminated property with Department of
Environmental Quality.
By consensus, the Board decided not to participate in this coalition.
Mrs. Ferguson read a letter from Mr. Ollie Wright, inmate at the
Appomattox Jail, requesting employment by the County.
The Board by consensus, requested Mrs. Ferguson put Mr. Wright’s letter
on file and explain that it will be kept in case of an opening in the
future.
The next item on the agenda was the Holiday schedule for Thanksgiving
and Christmas for County employees.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr. Paulette
to follow the Governor’s holiday schedule, for County employees.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next brought the Board of Supervisors attention to the
applications for Community/School Coordinator and asked when the Board
wished to conduct interviews.
The Board by consensus, agreed to conduct the interviews on November
15, 1994 at 8:00 P.M. at 15 minute intervals.