629
level of energy, and a progressive outlook on the educational system.
Mr. Servis said he felt that Ms. Conrad had a good grasp of the present
school system and was capable of building on this system for the
future. He highly recommends Ms. Conrad for the School Board position
in the Courthouse District.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Servis and called on Mr. Jim Smith to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Smith stated that he had lived in the County for forty years. He
continued by saying that he was coming before the Board as a character
witness for Ms. Terri Conrad. Mr. Smith continued by saying that he
and Ms. Conrad were both members of Memorial United Methodist Church
and he felt that she would bring a new prospective to the School Board
Mr. Smith stated that he felt Ms. Conrad would be excellent working on
the budget and that she would always vote her convictions and not be a
"yes" person. Mr. Smith said that he felt that Ms. Conrad would
represent the people in the Community and he recommended her for the
School Board representing Courthouse District.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Smith and called Ms. Conrad to appear before
the Board.
Ms. Conrad came forward and thanked the Board of Supervisors for the
opportunity to give them her views of the School Board position. Ms.
Conrad stated that in her position with Farm Bureau she had lots of
clients in the County and she always did her best for each one. She
explained that she is a child advocate and that she had been a strong
supporter of the Head Start Program. She said she was also a lay
speaker in the Methodist Church.
Ms. Conrad stated she felt she had some good qualities that she would
bring to this position, such as, if she didn’t know an answer, she
would do research; her schedule was flexible so she would be able to
put the necessary time into the School Board position; she would not
easily say "yes" to either Board, she would explore all aspects prior
to making a decision.
In closing, Ms. Conrad said that she felt a need to contribute to the
school system and an interest in bringing change to the system, if
necessary. She thanked the Board for allowing her to speak and asked
for their favorable consideration.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Conrad and called on Ms. Debbie Rush to come
forward to speak on behalf of Dr. Richard Poe.
Ms. Rush began by saying that she was a teacher in the Appomattox
School System. Ms. Rush said that Dr. Poe cares about the school
system and the County. She felt that Dr. Poe kept in touch with
citizens and school personnel since he had children of his own in the
system. Ms. Rush praised Dr. Poe for his involvement in school
activities and for keeping abreast of the trends in education. Ms.
Rush concluded by saying that Dr. Poe had been very involved for the