672
Ms. Lindsay explained this project was at a standstill at the moment.
Mr. Torrence asked the status of Routes 1111 and 1112 in Pamplin.
Ms. Lindsay stated she was not certain of the exact date for
construction.
Mr. Torrence then asked the Chairman to allow Mr. Harry Ferguson and
Ms. Margaret Whorley to join him in presenting a request.
Mr. Paulette invited Mr. Ferguson and Ms. Whorley to join Mr. Torrence
at the table.
Mr. Torrence then presented the other Board members with handouts on
his request to lower the speed limit on a section of Route 24. (August)
1995 Board File).
Mr. Torrence gave a detailed explanation of his reasoning and requested]
Virginia Department of Transportation reduce the speed limit on Route
24 from D.C.’s Mini Mart to Route 697 at Vera.
After further discussion, Ms. Lindsay stated she would turn this
request over to the District Traffic Engineer for further study.
Being nothing further Mr. Paulette, thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Paulette then recognized Mr. Franklin Vaughan, President,
Appomattox Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Vaughan introduced Messers. Mark Shupin and Brett Thompson and Mrs.
Pat Shupin.
Mr. Vaughan then presented the Board members with a handout of
statistical information on tourism. (Handout on file in August 1995
Board File).
Mr. Vaughan gave a brief overview of the Chambers activities and
requested the Board of Supervisors reconsider their decision and donate
the funding to reprint the Appomattox Brochure. Mr. Vaughan explained
he had received two (2) bids for reprinting the brochures, and the low
bid was $10,200.00.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
transfer $5,100.00 from 1101-5804 to 8106-5604 to pay for one-half of
the Appomattox Brochures, if the Town of Appomattox agrees to pay for
one-half of these brochures. Vote: Mr. Paulette, nay; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Vaughan thanked the Board for their decision and their time.
Mrs. Pat Shupin requested a letter of support from the Board of
Supervisors for a grant she will be applying for. This grant is a
50/50 matching grant that will be used to market Appomattox.