605
Mr. Paulette next informed the Board that Ms. Lindsay, Appomattox
Resident Engineer, was unable to attend the meeting.
Mr. Paulette presented the first resolution of abandonment and addition
on Route 630.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia, held on Monday, May 1, 1995, it was resolved:
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has provided
this Board with a sketch dated April 3, 1995, depicting the additions
and abandonments required in the Secondary System of state highways as
a result of Project 0622-006-P88, N501, which sketch is hereby
incorporated herein by reference.
WHEREAS, The new road serves the same citizens as those portions
of old road identified to be abandoned and those segments no longer
serve a public need, and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virginia
Department of Transportation to add to the Secondary System of state
highways those portions of road identified by the sketch to be added,
pursuant to Sec, 33.1-229, Code of Virginia, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board abandons as part of the
Secondary System of state highways those portions of road identified b
the sketch to be abandoned, pursuant to Sec. 33.1-155, Code of Virginia;
£-
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution
be forwarded to the Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of
Transportation.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented the second resolution concerning two roads
in Wildwood Subdivision being taken into the secondary road system.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia, held this 1st day of May, 1995, it was duly moved and)
seconded that the following resolution be adopted: