655
to, but not in excess of, the appropriations indicated for
transfer, as Transfer to Schools (Operation) and Transfer to
Department of Social Services for the period covered by this
Appropriation Resolution. Other inter-fund transfers shall be in
accordance with the direction of the Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented appropriation requests from the Library
Fund, the Ball Park Account, the Law Library Fund,Cafeteria Fund and
the Summer Youth Program.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$449.70 from the Library Fund for the month of June 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $841.96
for the month of June 1995, from the Ball Park Account. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $133.50
from the Law Library Fund for the month of June, 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate
$5,500.00 from the Summer Youth Program for the month of June, 1995.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$10,000.00 from the Cafeteria Fund for the month of June 1995. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then asked the other Board members for a resolution in
opposition to closing the Appomattox Court House National Historical
Park.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County National Historical Park is located in
the County of Appomattox, Virginia, and
WHEREAS, This National Historical Park is a major tourism destination
attracting approximately 120,000 tourist each year, and