683
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read the last petition 95-259 of Sylvia D. Phelps for a
Conditional Use Permit and explained the Planning Commission
recommended approval.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
accept the Planning Commission recommendation and approve petition
95-259 of Sylvia D. Phelps for a Conditional Use Permit to operate a
beauty salon in existing building. Property is located on Route 26
between Route 660 and Route 608 and is zoned V-1. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Historic Appomattox Railroad
Festival Board for a Fireworks Permit for October 14, 1995.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
approve a fireworks permit for October 14, 1995 for the Historic
Appomattox Railroad Festival Board. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette also presented a request from the Historic Appomattox
Railroad Festival Board for permission to use the Courtland Field and
the Courthouse Square for Railroad Festival.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to accept the lease agreement between the Townof Appomattox and the
County for the use of the Courtland Field on October 13-15, 1995 and
the Courthouse Square for the Good Ole Days with the pony rides to be
in the Courtland Field. (Copy of lease in September 1995 Soe file.)
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented requests for appointments to the Regional
Disabilities Service Board; the Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program
Executive Board; the Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program
Policy Board and the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board of
Directors.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was asked
to call Robert "Scottie" Scott to see if he would serve on the Regional
Disabilities Service Board.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Mr. Alfred
Jones, III to the Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program Executive
Board with his term expiring August 31, 1998. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, the appointment to the
Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program Policy Board was held
over until the October 1995 meeting.