531
parcel "D" containing 1.23 acres and parcel "E" containing 0.88 acres,
to the Freihauts in exchange for parcel "A" containing 2.11 acres.
This transfer is necessary due to the Freihaut’s well being placed on
County property in error. (Preliminary plat on file in the November
1994 Board file).
Mr. Torrence called for comments on the 2.11 acre transfer.
Hearing none, Mr. Torrence proceeded with the third parcel for comment.
Mr. Torrence read the description of the third parcel as follows:
All of that certain tract or parcel of land, lying and
being in the Town of Appomattox and in the Southside
Magisterial District of Appomattox County, Virginia, being
a portion of the old Lula Jones Hunter Estate, and further
being shown on a plat of survey by Carroll Gillispie, C.L.S.,
dated July 3, 1968 and Sept. 6, 1968 and revised February 25,
1969, recorded with this deed and made a part hereof and
shown on the said plat as Lot No. 2, containing 0.52 acre,
more or less, located and adjoining the Southwest corner of
the Appomattox County Courthouse Square lot, and further
being South of Morton Lane and West of Court Street in the
Town of Appomattox. Reference is hereby made to the said
plat for a more full and accurate description of the real
estate herein conveyed and the metes and bounds description
on the said plat is incorporated into this deed by reference
as if set out herein.
Mr. Torrence called for comments concerning the disposal of this
property.
Hearing none, Mr. Torrence, closed the public hearing and recessed to a
meeting immediately following the public hearing.
c —_
9 Co. Joye
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on November 15, 1994, immediately following the public hearing, in
the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Present:
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District