575
Dr. McCluskey came forward and presented the Board of Supervisors with
packets of information on correctional facilities. Dr. McCluskey then
gave an overview of correctional facilities and the need for new
facilities. Dr. McCluskey continued by giving the pros and cons of a
correctional facility’s presence in a conmunity.
Dr. McCluskey then asked if any Supervisor had questions that he could
answer.
Mrs. Beasley asked Dr. McCluskey if a prison would have any impact on
the local rescue squad?
B-Dr. McCluskey responded, that the prison would call on the local rescu
squad from time to time, but normally a lot of correctional employees
joined the local squads.
Mrs. Beasley also asked about the increase on the local doctors in the
community.
Dr. McCluskey explained that normally the corrections department would
contract with a local physician for medical care.
Mr. Carwile addressed Dr. McCluskey, and stated that he understood that)
this was Dr. McCluskey’s second visit to Appomattox and that he was
unaware nor present at the first visit. He thanked Dr. McCluskey for
his presentation and stated that he was not a person to take things at
face value. He continued by saying that he had a tendency to expect
the worst, in a situation like the one the Board was faced with.
Mr. Carwile asked Dr. McCluskey to tell him, and broaden on, the stigma)
that this would have on the County for years to come.
Mr. Carwile stated that a prison would not enhance the County in any
way. He continued by adding that change for the sake of change was
pointless. He stated that he takes pride in Appomattox, it’s history,
and it’s heritage.
Dr. McCluskey stated that he does not know of a negative stigma, nor
negative impact, associated with a correctional facility being located
in a county.
Mr. Moore asked Dr. McCluskey to address the issue of increased drug
traffic in prison communities.
Dr. McCluskey answered that due to drugs being a high dollar money
operation, naturally there are drug problems in prisons regardless of
the procedures set up to avoid the problem. Dr. McCluskey continued by
saying that there was no data that indicated that a prison being
located in a community added to the local problem.
Mr. Torrence thanked Dr. McCluskey for his presentation and stated
there are a lot of people who live in Appomattox who work in the
Buckingham Correctional Facilities.