543
Since the meeting was running ahead of schedule, Mr. Kendrick moved to the second item on the
_ Agenda - Courthouse Project.
Mr. Kendrick called Shann Arrington of Craddock-Cummingham Architectural Partners to come
forward and give an update on the progress of the Courthouse Renovation Project.
Mr. Arrington stated that for the past few months they have been working with the Board and the
Judges, etc., to develop a schematic design documents for floor plans for the Courthouse. They have
submitted various schemes for review, comments and approval and they feel they have addressed
all the comments and concerns of the County, judges, and clerks.
The next phase is design layout. Hopefully the complete design document will be ready by October
1*. 2001.
Mr. Kendrick asked if Craddock-Cunningham has received written approval of the schematic design
from the judges. Mr. Arrington stated they had not received any written approvals from Judge
Blanton. Mr. Kendrick feels they need the Judges’ written approval before any actual work is
approved.
After all approvals have been received, construction could begin in late November or early
December, 2001.
ry Mr. Kendrick thanked Mr. Arrington for his informative presentation.
Mr. Kendrick then called Ms. Erica Johnson, Ms. Jenna Woods and Ms. Marcie Jones of the
Appomattox High School FCCLA to address the Board.
Ms. Johnson and Ms. Woods stated this was a student run organization and gave their award winning
“Experience The Excitement” presentation and also what this organization has accomplished
throughout the year.
Several Board Members commented on the presentation and fielded some questions and comments
to the presenters.
Mr. Kendrick thanked Ms. Johnson & Ms. Woods for their presentation.
Mr. Kendrick presented the next item: Supervisor’s Concern:
Mr. Carwile had a question regarding meeting at Longwood College on June 16". Is anyone planning
to attend? The Board Members stated they were not planning to attend.
Mr. Kendrick called for action on ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (1-5)
1. Road Names: Public Hearings were held on June 1“ and June 2TM at the Community Center
for the purpose of receiving comments on the suggested Road Names for the County’s E911
System. Each Board member received a packet containing the proposed names (those road
names that received comments are highlighted in blue). The Board may send back to the