472
Mr. Bosiger next presented several credit requests for landfill user fees.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to change
the Virginia Farm Real Estate bill from Mr. Tommy O’Brien’s name to Mr. Charles
Fosters name, and Mr. Charles Elliott was granted a credit of $60.00 due to his business
closing on January 8, 1996.
Mr. Bosiger next turned the Board’s attention to the information provided on the
Industrial Park bonds and the capital improvements projects for the next three years.
Mr. Bosiger explained that his understanding was that these bonds are tax exempt money
that have to be tied to the capital improvement projects, which have been listed, in order
to get the tax exempt bonds. Mr. Bosiger stated, in essence instead of borrowing 2.5
million for the industrial park we would use the bonds to pay for capital projects and use
the cash that we would have used for these capital improvements projects and put it into
the industrial park. Mr. Bosiger continued that the money was the same it was just the
bookkeeping that was being done differently.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the capital improvement projects were all legitimate projects
they were all projects that were planned by the Board to undertake.
Mr. Carroll explained that he would only like the Board to review the project list to
confirm that the list was actually what the Board has approved.
Mr. Carroll explained that a meeting would be scheduled within the next few weeks with
bond council, etc. and the Board to finalize all of the details of the bond issuance.
Mr. Bosiger reviewed the present Capital Improvement List that had been approved by
the Board when Mr. Paulette was on the Board.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to except the
following capital project list intended to be completed in the next three years:
Capital Improvements Projects for the next three years:
School Repairs $500,000
The Board has agreed to spend $250,000 per year for the next two years on school
repairs, mainly roof replacement.
High School Roof $140,000
The Board has agreed to this expenditure and work has already begun on this
project.
School buses $360,000