O59
Mr. Paulette presented to the other Board members a request from the
School Board for a meeting date to discuss the funding from the
Literacy Loan Fund, for Middle School renovation.
A lengthy discussion followed, with February 21, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. set
for the date to meet with the School Board.
Mr. Paulette next recognized Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, to come before the Board.
Mr. Peterson began by explaining that due to the weather the meeting of)
the Regional Waste Tire Committee had been rescheduled for February 6,
1995, so therefore, there was nothing new to report on the Waste Tire
Program.
Mr. Peterson explained that he had received a report from the EPA
concerning their inspection in 1994. The report concluded that the
landfill has no negative effect on the County or local residents.
Mr. Peterson next began a review of the delinquent list for landfill
user fees.
After a lengthy review of this document, Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile that a letter be written to everyone who is 90
days or more past due, explaining they would have thirty (30) days to
bring their account current or further action would be taken. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to allow Mr.
Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator, to refuse disposal priviledges to
haulers who do not bring their accounts current within 30 days. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business at 9:18 P.M., the meeting was recessed until
February 4, 1995 at 9:00 a.m. at the Community Center.
Chairman
A joint meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox Town Council was held on February 4, 1995 at 9:00 A.M. at
the Appomattox Community Center, Route 460, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Philip E. Paulette - Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District