246
Mr. Paulette then thanked and excused Mr. Vaughan.
Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a personnel matter.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into executive
session at 7:48 p.m. to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:26 P.M. Vote: Mr,
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was action from the executive session.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger for the County to pay
their share of Mrs. Joan Chenault’s retirement from January 1984 to
June 1995, and appropriate same. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the April 21, 1997 public hearing.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the Planning
Commission recommendation and approve Petition #97-310 of H. J. Puckett
for a Conditional Use Permit to allow off premise sign to be located on
Tax Map Parcel #73-A-28A located on Route 460 between Route 647 and
Route 689. Property is zoned B-1. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.