430
A lengthy discussion followed.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to participate in the continued study
of the 460-water project at a cost of $2,000.00. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Board’s attention to a request from Social Services for a new
telephone system and a new sign at a cost of $6,712.00.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve
$6,712.00 for Social Services to purchase a new telephone system and a new sign.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore rejoined the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a budget amendment was necessary for the school FY99
budget due to construction funds to be received.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to leave the $6,500.00 local match for a
grant that the school has found they will not be receiving in their FY99 budget.
Mr. Bosiger called for a second to Mr. Torrence’s motion. Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger
stated that the motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to amend the schools FY99 budget in
the amount of $253,857.00 for construction funds to be received from the State. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger presented a line item transfer request from Mrs. Ferguson to pay Al Jones
salary for the month of June 1998.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to transfer $601.00 from 7205-1001
to 3108-1001. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Central Virginia Community Services Board was
requesting a resolution designating the type of community services board that we were
presently a part of .
Mr. Moore asked if the Board would take a short recess in order to allow him to discuss
this matter with Terri Conrad. Mrs. Conrad also represents Appomattox County on the
Community Services Board.