381
Mr. Baldwin presented each member of the Board with a detailed handout of their plans.
Mr. Richardson provided a detailed explanation of the departments plans and answered
questions of the Board.
After discussion, the Board of Supervisors agreed to consider their request during the
budget process.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Richardson, Mr. Covington and Mr. Baldwin and
called Mr. Earl Dickerson, with Hurt and Proffitt, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Dickerson began by explaining his proposed gas remediation plan for Appomattox
County Landfill. Mr. Dickerson also explained several types of permit amendments and
the cost associated with each one.
By consensus of the Board of Supervisors it was agreed that Mr. Dickerson try to
consolidate the three(3) needed permit amendments into one (1) application in order to
save on permit fees.
Mr. Carroll next reported on options researched in trying to resolve the methane gas
migration issue.
Mr. Dickerson also discussed information gathered from meetings with D.E.Q. on
methane gas venting.
Various alternative solutions for venting methane gas were discussed.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
authorize Mr. Dickerson to proceed with writing permit amendments for gas venting
wells, groundwater wells and amendments to the tire program. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carroll next presented a letter from Emanuel Tire asking the Board of Supervisors to
allow them to work extended hours.
After a lengthy discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was decided for Emanuel
Tire to work from 7:00 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. Monday through Friday and 7:00 A.M. to
12:00 Noon on Saturday, for the next two weeks.
Mr. Bosiger next thanked and excused Mr. Dickerson and turned the other Board
members attention to requests from Memorial United Methodist Church and The
Appomattox Chamber of Commerce for use of the Courtland Field.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow Memorial United
Methodist Church and the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce the use of the Courltand