509
Chairman Conrad stated that we have time before this comes to fruition and he is sure that in ourarea we have some well qualified people for this position.
Mr. Tanner stated to take no action at this time and see if we have someone in our area with aninterest.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action at this time.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — General District Court and explained thatthe County Administrator had been approached by the Clerk to the General District Court askingfor several of her windows to be replaced for security reasons. Chairman Conrad called forcomments from the Board.
Ms. Ferguson stated that an inspection was held in March, but she has not received a report fromthis mspection as of today,
Mr. Craft stated that he felt we should wait on the inspection report before making any decision.Mr. Tanner also stated that he felt we should wait on the inspection report before making adecision.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until the inspection report is received andreviewed.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 — Other Courthouse Security Matters andexplained that some issues have come up during the Courthouse Inspection that the Board maywant to consider such as the entry door into the Circuit Court Clerks Office and the Juvenile andDomestic Relations Court Glerk’s office can only be locked from the outside with the key. Also,there is no alarm on the very front doors leading into the Courthouse, and the windows in theCircuit Court Clerk’s Records Room are not alarmed and are very low to the ground. ChairmanConrad explained that Mr. Wingfield has received quotes on each of these items and the totalcost to cover the above noted items is $9,292.00. Chairman Conrad explained that there is nofunding in the budget to take care of these matters. Chairman Conrad called for comment fromthe Board.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until the Courthouse Inspection Report isreceived.
Ms. Ferguson also stated that while discussing the Courthouse the mold removal will begin onApril 21, 2009.
Chairman Conrad next presented the Consent Agenda:
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Minutes
Regular Scheduled Meeting — March 9, 2009