91
5. On the revenue side of the budget she has projected a 2.5% growth. This is based on
Davenport's projections. Mr. Mays has been too busy to get her these figures.
Ms. Ferguson reviewed the FY06 Budget by Departments. Those having sufficient
increases/changes are as follows:
Commonwealth Attorney: Ms. Ferguson informed the Board that the Commonwealth Attomey
has requested two (2) additional positions — an Assistant Attorney and a Secretary. Ms. Ferguson
removed these, as the Compensation Board has not approved these positions. This will need to be
adjusted if these are approved. There should not be any great increase as the Comp. Board funds
these positions.
Sheriff's Department-Town Officers: There were two positions that were transferred from the
Town Police to the Sheriff's Department. Appomattox Town has been compensating these
positions since that time. However, the Town is considering not fully funding these two positions
any longer. The Board may wish to pick up these expenses or cut the Sheriff’s Department by
one position.
There is also some question that the Compensation Board may also cut one Deputy position. Ms.
Ferguson would hate to see anyone loose their job and hopefully the Board will pick up this
position should this happen.
Jail:There was a lengthy discussion regarding the Budget for the Jail. The greatest increase is in
the housing of inmates.
Ms. Ferguson will talk with the Sheriff in Charlotte County regarding the set-up they have for
their prisoners.
Building & Housing: Part-time salaries $1,200.00. This is for hiring someone when Inspector is
out for a lengthy time (training or vacation). Basically to have footing and some other inspection
taken care of.
Animal Control: Mr. Martin has requested an additional position with new truck and other
equipment. She has removed this from the budget.
E-911: There is not much we can do with this budget. The salaries figure includes 14 positions.
Landfill: There was a lengthy discussion regarding the Landfill Budget and the landfill operation
especially with Hurt & Proffitt, Inc.
General Properties: 10% increase in salary along with increased responsibilities and the new
courthouse. They are also requesting a new vehicle with a utility body and equipped with a snow
blade. Also includes the moving of administrative offices and providing a meeting room for the
Board of Supervisors.
Sports Complex: Most of these funds will be donated or contributions from others.