696
After discussion, Ms. Ferguson was given several names to contact for
each Board, to see if they would agree to serve.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mrs. Janet Belter,
Treasurer, for permission to destroy 1987 paid real estate tax tickets.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to allow Mrs.
Belter, Treasurer, to destroy the 1987 paid real estate tax tickets.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented the draft Resolution to G.T.E. opposing
their proposed rate increase.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board the resolution was
approved as follows:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the
fiscal needs of it’s citizens; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors acknowledges a
responsibility to the citizens of the County to help control costs
imposed upon them; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, having reviewed
the proposed rate increase by G.T.E. South, feels this rate increase
would place undue hardship on some of it’s citizens;
NOW, THEREFORE, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors do hereby
oppose the proposed rate increase as documented by case number
PUC950019.
Mr. Carwile then asked if Dr. Betty Siano had contacted Mrs. Ferguson
concerning the G.T.E. rate increase.
Mrs. Ferguson explained she had spoken with Dr. Siano and Dr. Siano
stated she would circulate a petition in opposition to the rate
increase by G.T.E., if the Board had no objection.
After further discussion, and by consensus, the Board agreed they had
no problem with Dr. Siano circulating such a petition.
Mr. Paulette next presented a Memorandum of Understanding between
Central Virginia Planning District Commission and the County of
Appomattox, for Central Virginia Planning District Commission to act as
fiscal agent for regional welfare reform funds. Mr. Paulette explained
that all the Social Service Directors in the region were in agreement
for Central Virginia Planning District Commission to handle these funds
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to adopt the Memorandum of Understanding with Central Virginia Planning