360
Mr. Conrad asked Mr. Mitchel! what the cost of connection fees would be for customers
on the water and sewer lines.
Mr. Mitchell stated that there is no connection fee for the sewer and the only cost associated with
the water is the cost to extend the lines to the customer which is approximately $3,000.00.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels everything seems to be well planned and then made a motion to
waive the connection fee for this project. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman
Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the extension of additional water lines within the County
of Appomattox. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further
discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Mitchell and then presented Administrative Item #1 — Letter of
Support for Pamplin Pipe Factory.
Chairman Craft stated that he had asked Ms. Ferguson to write a letter of support for listing
Pamplin Pipe Factory by the Archaeological Conservancy. Mr. Craft stated that the
Archaeological Conservancy wants to buy the Pipe Factory and make it into amuseum. The
historical society has agreed to help operate this museum, however they do need more volunteers
to help with this project.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to write a letter of support for the Pamplin Pipe Factory to be added
to the listing of the Archaeological Conservancy. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion. Hearing none he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Gary Christie to appear before the Board regarding a proposal
for the development of a Regional Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy (CEDS)
document.
Mr. Christie thanked the Board for allowing him to address them.
Mr. Christie stated that the CEDS document would allow all the cities and counties to be eligible
to apply for EDA grants that are available.
Mr. Christie explained that two of the local counties Amherst and Appomattox are classified as
distressed communities which make them eligible to apply directly for these grants which is an
advantage where other counties could apply indirectly if they have a project that could possibly
help citizens that are unemployed or in a layoff.