128
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the following Resolution
of Support for a Urban and Community Forestry Grant to help fund the landscaping at
the entrance at the Community Park.
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
GRANT REQUEST
APPOMATTOX COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF RECREATION
WHEREAS, the Department of Forestry and Trees Virginia provides funds to assist
political subdivision of the Commonwealth of Virginia by providing the Urban and
Community Forestry Assistance Grant for the planting of trees at the Appomattox
County Community Park; and
WHEREAS, there are urgent needs within the park to plant trees; and
WHEREAS, it is fitting to promote tree planting, the care of trees, the protection and
enhancement of urban and community forest ecosystems, and education of trees
throughout the park; and
WHEREAS, we are more aware than ever before of the importance of which planting
trees will have in our future lives and in the lives of our children and grandchildren;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD
OF SUPERVISORS that the County wholeheartedly supports the grant application of
the County of Appomattox and hereby urges the Virginia Department of Forestry to look
favorably upon this application and fund the project as outlined there by improving the
quality of life of all citizens of our county.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Budget Public Hearing: The FY2006 Budget is ready to publish and schedule a
date for the public hearing.
It may be necessary to hold another budget work session prior to public hearing. The
public hearing is scheduled for May 16, 2005 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Town
Office.
5A. Change Due Date on Real Estate Taxes: Due to time restraints, it will be
necessary to change the Due Date for Real Estate Taxes from June 5, 2005 to
June 25, 2005.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to change the due date for Real
Estate Taxes from June 5, 2005 to June 25, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Appomattox Youth Sports Requests: Mr. Kevin O’Brien of Appomattox
Youth Sports is requesting that they be allowed to install an electrical line from
the concession stand at the Town Ballpark to a trailer that is serving as a storage