386
Representative for U.S.A. Waste of Virginia. Mr. Wilson continued that their purpose for
meeting with the Board of Supervisors was to review their proposal for building a
transfer site in Appomattox County. Mr. Wilson and Mr. Thompson provided detailed
information on the transfer of waste from Appomattox County to their landfill site in
Amelia.
Mr. Wilson and Mr. Thompson then answered questions of the members of the Board of
Supervisors.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Wilson and Mr. Thompson and called on Mr.
Dennis Gragg, Emanuel Tire of Virginia, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Gragg began by presenting the Board of Supervisors with a letter from Norman
Emanuel with a plan for taking care of operational problems at the tire-processing site
located at the landfill. Mr. Gragg also requested extended hours to allow for equipment
service and/or maintenance.
Discussion followed concerning the problems incurred with the tire processing operation
and ways to solve these problems. The general consensus of all parties was that
considering the needs of Emanuel Tire of Virginia for unlimited restrictions on their
operating hours and the County’s responsibility to provide a secure landfill, the tire
processing operation within landfill boundaries was not compatible.
After considerable discussion Mr. Torrence requested an executive session to discuss a
personnel matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 8:25 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into an
executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 8:45 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)