691
from the property in question. Mrs. Jamerson explained that she questioned the
conditional use because of a few problems that she had. Mrs. Jamerson continued that to
begin with there was supposed to be a seven foot wall erected on this property under the
last zoning change to permanently screen this lot from her residence which is zoned
village. Mrs. Jamerson stated that this was never carried out. Mrs. Jamerson continued
that at the present time, Mr. Bryant’s property is zoned B-1. She stated that he advertises
truck repair and welding, but is also running his own tractor-trailer trucks out of this
property. Mrs. Jamerson stated that under B-1, the intent listed on page 17047 is that B-1
is not characterized either by constant heavy trucking, other than stocking and delivery of
retail goods. Mrs. Jamerson stated that in reference to a conditional use permit, storage
yards are not under B-1, but are under M-1. Mrs. Jamerson continued that secondly her
property was zoned village and that under conditional uses livestock were permitted
provided that no storage of manure or odor, dust, or fly producing substance or use is
located within 500 feet of an existing residence. Mrs. Jamerson, in closing, stated that
she also questioned what Mr. Bryant’s plans were on how he would store the products
that he planned to sell.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Hearing none, and being no further petitions, Mr. Carter declared the public hearing
closed at 7:10 P.M.
Pbowy X Barge
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAIRMAN
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on May 17,
1999 at 8:20 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Samuel E. Carter — Vice-Chairman — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Absent:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Carter called the meeting to order after the public hearing at 8:20 P.M.