333
Mr. Conrad stated that he agreed with Mr. Carter but he is also very reluctant to go and
borrow money to pay a salary. Mr. Conrad stated that he would like to set this aside and
work on during the upcoming budget year. Mr. Conrad stated that he is not in favor of
borrowing money to hire someone.
Mr. Carter stated that he wants to bring someone on board and let them explore and
report back to the board with opportunities that are out there so that we can move
forward.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is reluctant in bringing someone into a position without having
the money to operate the program and also with the State cutting funds as they are.
Mr. Carter asked Mrs. Ferguson if the County has money in the budget to produce a
salary for this position if the annual salary was in the neighborhood of $40,000?
Mrs. Ferguson stated that there is money in the budget for a $40,000 thousand dollar
salary with benefits, but there is not enough money in this budget to accommodate a
$60,000 dollar position with benefits. Mrs. Ferguson stated that the budget would have
to be supplemented if this was approved.
Ms. Ferguson stated that it would be her guess that an average salary for a economic
director for a county this size would be in the range of $40,000 — $65,000 thousand. Mrs.
Ferguson also stated that most localities do combine the economic development
coordinator and tourism positions.
Mr. Conrad stated that he would like the Board to take a closer look at the budget before
making any decision.
Mr. Carter stated that he is not proposing that the Board make any decision tonight.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she needed specific instructions on whether the Board wished
her to alter this description by removing Tourism and also if the Board’s wishes are for
her to set the salary range at $40,000 - $60,000 or would the Board prefer her research
neighboring counties and their salary scale for like positions and then bring back to the
Board for approval.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Conrad stated that they would like to delete tourism from this job
position.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agreed with the other Board members, but the Board needed to
proceed with caution and not make any decision tonight. Mr. Tanner stated that he would
hate to see the County borrow money for this position.