252
Judge Blanton then asked Judge Woodson if there were concerns he would
like to address.
Judge Woodson stated he felt an alcove or some kind of separation was
needed in General District Court Clerk’s office for people who were
paying fines.
Judge Blanton asked Judge Kerr if there were problems in J & D Court
that needed addressing.
Judge Kerr stated his problems were being taken care of now and he was
well pleased with the County’s effort to meet his needs.
Mr. Paulette asked Judge Blanton if he had any suggestions about how to
correct the existing problems.
Judge Blanton stated he did not, but most Counties hired a consultant
to come in and access the space, review the needs and advise as to what
could be done to correct problems. Judge Blanton stated the next step
would be bids for architectural services.
Mr. Paulette stated the Board has been addressing numerous problems
around the Courthouse Complex and would begin looking into the
possibilities in the Courthouse itself.
Judge Blanton stated he realized this project would not be accomplished
over the next few months but should be begun as soon as possible.
Mr. Paulette thanked the Judges for their comments, and assured them
the Board would look into the Judge’s concerns.
Mr. Paulette next asked Mr. Moore what the Planning Commission
recommendation was on Mr. O’Brien and Mr. Masserini’s petition.
Mr. Moore stated the Planning Commission recommended approval with the
condition that Mr. O’Brien upgrade the drive as requested by Ms. Cyrus).
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept the Planning
Commission recommendation and approve petition #97-315 of Tommy O/Briet
and John Masserini to rezone property from M-1 to B-1 and conditional
use permit to allow Sporting Goods Store on property located on Route
460 between Route 647 and Route 703, parcel tax map #62-A-12, with the
condition that Mr. O’Brien improve the driveway to the property.
ro
Mr. Torrence amended the motion that the driveway be completed within
90 days, seconded by Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Paulette called for a vote on the amendment. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called for a vote on the original motion. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.