65
. Campaigning for public office
. Soliciting of funds
. Promoting private business ventures
. Using profanity, vulgar language or gestures
. Using language which insults or demeans any person or which, when directed
at a public official or employee is not related to his official duties
6. Making non-germane or frivolous statements
7. Discussions of a sectarian or partisan nature
8. Smoking or eating in the Board Room
9. Addressing question or statements to anyone other than the Chairman
(Questions shall be presented to the Chairman, who will, at his discretion,
solicit a response from the appropriate board or staff member.)
10. Standing in the back or side isles of the Board Room as long as there are
sufficient seats available (except for law enforcement personnel).
11. Persons in attendance at the meeting addressing the Board while members of
the Board are considering any motion, resolution or ordinance preliminary to
vote on the same, except at the discretion of the Chairman.
12. Any persons addressing comments or questions to someone other than the
Chairman.
13. Wearing hats, caps or other types of headgear.
14. Applause is permitted only during presentation, awards, proclamations and
special recognition periods.
AWN
The Chairman shall preserve order and decorum at all meetings. The Chairman may order the expulsion of
any person for violation of these rules, disruptive behavior, or any words or action which incites violence or
disorder, subject to appeal to the Board. Any person who has been so expelled and who at a later meeting
again engages in words or actions justifying expulsion may be barred from attendance at future meetings of
the Board for a specified and reasonable period of time not to exceed six months or upon a still subsequent
expulsion, a period not to exceed one year either by the Chairman, subject to appeal to the Board or by
motion passed by the Board.
SECTION H: MISCELLANEOUS
Reserved Area.
Only members of the Board, the County Administrator, County Attorney, administrative staff and other
persons expressly invited shall be entitled to enter the area behind the Board Dais.
Press.
Cameras from the press shall be limited to the west side of the boardroom. Members from the press shall
not interview the public or staff in the Boardroom while meetings are in session.
Amendment of Rules.
These rules of procedure may be amended by majority vote of the entire membership. No notice shall be
required for the adoption of any amendments.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 11 — 17A)
11. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND APPROPRIATIONS: