345
strengthen the County of Appomattox, has identified workforce training deficiencies in the
county, and
WHEREAS, assistance is needed to provide workforce training and small business
counseling opportunities to low and moderate income persons within the County of Appomattox,
and
WHEREAS, Approximately $1,304,741 will be expended on this project, with the
primary sources being Virginia Community Development Block Grant ($700,000), Virginia
Tobacco Settlement Commission ($16,240), U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development
Economic Development Initiative ($103,092), Central Virginia Community College ($175,000),
and the County of Appomattox ($310,409), and it is anticipated that at least 795 Appomattox
Citizens will use the center annually, approximately 394 of them being classified as low and
moderate income, and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is committed to the
development of a workforce development center as a component of the renovation of the Carver-
Price School and will be responsible for the management, maintenance and operation of the
building to ensure that a workforce development center can continue as long as Central Virginia
Community College continues to lease the facility for classes that improve and enhance the
education level of the workforce and business community of Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will appoint a committee to
govern the program development and execution of the workforce development center, and that
said committee will consist of representatives of the workforce development center invited
partner organizations, including, but not limited to Central Virginia Community College,
Appomattox County Public School System Adult G.E.D. Program, Region 2000 Workforce
Investment Board, Virginia Employment Commission, Region 2000 Small Business
Development Center, and the County of Appomattox.
WHEREAS, citizen participation requirements will have been met by holding two public
hearings advertised through the local newspaper on January 25, 2006 and February 22, 2006 and
through distributed flyers.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox wishes to apply for funding in the amount of $700,000.00 from the Virginia
Community Development Block Grant program for a Community Improvement Grant to be
utilized to develop a Workforce Development Center in Appomattox County. Be it further
resolved that Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator, is hereby authorized to sign and submit
the appropriate documents for submittal of this Virginia Community Development Block Grant
Application.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 6:68 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess to hold the Planning Commission Public
Hearing.
At 7:10 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Item 7 -13)