685
not support any raise for Mr. Carroll with my vote. If we mean business as we have talked to the
public and said we would do, that we should be conservative on this, we must quit spending. I will
have to vote no on this issue”.
Mr. Carter called for further discussion. Hearing none, Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion
before the Board. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, nay; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (items 4-9)
4. Approval of Bills: Bills presented for payment.
5. Approval of Minutes: Minutes of Regular Meeting December 3, 2001; Public Hearing on
December 3, 2001 - Zoning Ordinance Modification - Section 30-1; Public Hearing on
December 3, 2001- Zoning Ordinance Modification - Section 170-32
BOARD ACTIONS:
6. Water Connection in County: Fred Jones has requested that the Town make a water
connection to his warehouse on Route 656 to allow the building to have a sprinkler system
and sewage system. The Town Council has agreed to make the connection.
7. Livestock Damage Claim: Citizen claim in the amount of $100.00 for livestock killed by
dogs .
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Sheriff's Department: Supplemental appropriation of $508.77 to 3102-1002 - Regular
Overtime to reflect payment received for overtime work.
9. Two-for-Life: S upplement line i tem 3 203-5604 - Two for Life b y $ 6,358.00 to reflect
payment received for this purpose from the state. (Last year’s Two-for-Life funds were not
paid out until this budget year necessitating this supplemental request.)
Mr. Carter called for discussion on the Consent Agenda.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Carroll to explain the notation regarding last years funds. Mr. Carroll stated
that the funds from the state were not spent until this year, therefore, this amount is for two years.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda as written.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
aye.
Mr. Carter then called attention to INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (items 10-17)
10. Elementary School Committee: The School Board has agreed to the Supervisor’s proposed
make up of this committee. The Town of Appomattox has declined to participate. Names of
persons appointed by the School Board have not been submitted. Hopefully, this information