641
From what he reads in the news media, this is more centrally located in Northern
Virginia and the Eastern Shore than in Central Virginia. We do have our problems, but
not to the extent these areas have.
Other Board members felt this was a bad time to request such a rise in gasoline taxes.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to not adopt the resolution with
Rockbridge County requesting an increase of ten (10) cents in the gasoline tax. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes —
1 absent)
3. Permit Application for Entertainment Festival: The Stonewall Antique
Power Association is requesting an outdoor entertainment permit to hold their
annual event on May 19 and May 20, 2007 and that the bond be waived.
Mr. Armbrust stated we have been approving this permit application every year since he
has been on the board and this is a very good festival and no problems have been
reported thus far.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Permit Application
for Entertainment Festival by the Stonewall Antique Power Association to hold an
outdoor event on May 19 and May 20, 2007 and that the bond fee be waived. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes —
1 absent)
4. Local Government Council Regional Meeting: [Each board member has
received a notice regarding the Regional Meeting of the Local Government
Council to be held on April 19", at the Spring House Restaurant.
Ms. Ferguson will need to know how many members will be attending prior to
April 11, 2007.
Mr. Craft and Ms. Ferguson will be attending. Mr. Carter may attend if possible.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-8)
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Joint Meeting with School
Board on March 12, 2007; Public Comments Session of March 15, 2007; and
Board Meeting on March 19, 2007.
6. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND APPROVALS:
7. Law Library Fund: Please appropriate by consent and approve the payment of
$69.95 from the Law Library Fund to pay for Internet Security.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS: