O32
The Boards consensus after some discussion was to fund only those items funded last year.
Mr. Carroll stated he had received a call from Barry Lyons, of the Small Business Development
Center. They make loans to small businesses in the community. Mr. Lyons has requested a
contribution of $5,000 but would appreciate any thing the Board could contribute. He receives one
State dollar and one Federal dollar for every Local dollar he receives. (For $5,000 he would actually
receive $15,000 to his program.) The Board agreed by consensus not to fund the SBDC at this time.
By removing $16,996 the budget figure drops to $121,233.
4) Sheriff’s Department:
The Town funds approximately $80,000 to the Sheriff's Budget, with the County picking up the
additional $17,000. Mr. Carroll suggests cutting the Part-Time Salaries $13,000 and the associated
FICA by $995 for a total reduction of $13,995, as there is no one in this position at the present time.
The decision of the Board was to reduce the Sheriff's Budget by $13,995, bringing the Budget figure
to $107,238.
5) Fire and Rescue:
Ata previous meeting we discussed a request from Appomattox Fire Department and Pamplin Fire
Department dealing with retirement, which is VOLSAP. This was meant to be a State program to
assist with volunteer attraction and retention by giving them an incentive to stay on the volunteer
programs for about 20 years.
We have since found out that this will not benefit the majority of the members already serving with
these departments. The Board may want to wait and during the upcoming year look into some ways
to put a policy in place to help, if they feel it is needed. The Committee is still in place and can
discuss this at any time.
After discussion the Board decided to deduct this $10,800 leaving a Budget figure of $96,438.
6) Board concerns and questions regarding the budget:
Mr. Carwile questioned the Compensation Board not approving any pay increases to its employees.
Should we still consider the 3.5% we discussed for pay raises for County employees?.
The other Board members felt we should be ok with the interest income but it all depends on the spin
down schedule.
$96,438+ revenue added in from interest income generated from the Literary Loan Anticipation
Note..
Mr. Carroll suggested the need for a Legislative Agenda to talk with our delegate and senator to
discuss State and Federal issues, and pass this information on to VACo for their discussion and
inclusion as well. Maybe we should include this at either our June or July meeting.