624
On Monday, March 19, 2007, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center, located
on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to give the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter called for the Setting of the Agenda:
Ms. Ferguson asked to remove the following:
Public Hearing with Planning Commission.
Item #5: Mutual Aid Agreement with Campbell County
Item #11: Economic Development
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda: Citizen Public Comment Period:
This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that
are of important or concern to the citizen.
Mr. Carter read the following statement:
During the Citizens Public Comment Period, speakers wishing to address the Board shall
clearly state their name and address. Speakers may not speak on the Public Hearing
Calendar for that date. No individuals shall be allowed to address the Board for more
than three (3) minutes. Individuals who have previously spoken on a subject at a public
hearing shall not be allowed to re-address the Board during this Citizen Comment
Period.
Ms. Barbara Shelton, Pine street, Appomattox, VA. She lives on a _ fixed income.
She has a copy of the Declaration of Independence, which states that we are all entitled
to Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. She feels that the Pursuit of Happiness
means “quality of life”. Most of the people in town are on a fixed income. Before you
make any decisions she is hoping you will look more thoroughly into the matter of taxes.
The working class should not have to pay the taxes for the farmers.
Mr. Carter moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 5)
1. American Legion Post 104 Request: Mr. Owen, Commander of American
Legion Post 104 has requested that the American Legion be allowed to pour a