554
Chairman Conrad next stated that in closed session Administrative Item#6C- Museum of the
Confederacy would be discussed.
Mr. Overstreet stated that it would be necessary to discuss a portion of this item in closed session
however; the Board would be able to discuss a portion of this in open session.
Mr. Craft made a motion to enter into closed session at 7:25 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion to enter into closed session. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to return to regular session at 7:40 p.m. Mr. Moore seconded Mr.
Crafi’s motion. Hearing no discussion Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the certification motion for the Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3711 (A)(3)of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was
conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye
There was discussion by the Board concerning giving a donation to the Confederacy of the
Museum and possibly setting an amount at the next Board meeting.
Ms. Ferguson was instructed by the Board to call Mr. Waite Rawls and let him know that the
Board is not interested in purchasing property, but would consider a donation.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adjourn the regular scheduled meeting at 7:45 p.m. Mr. Moore
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjourned at 7:45 p.m.
au
ThornasH Conrad, Chairman