281
There were several questions by Board Members.
Q. How far off the highway is the actual pedestrian/bike trail?
A. This has not as yet actually been done by the engineers.
This would have to be worked out with VDOT.
Q. What speed limit is being considered?
A. 35 mph within the park -then 45 mph to Vera.
Q. What is the time frame we are looking at?
A. Approximately ten (10) years or longer.
Q. Has there been much input from the citizens of the County?
A. Had an open house in Vera where they attempted to include everyone on the
Vera rural mail route. Basically the only people who showed up were the ones
who are against the concept.
Mr. Johnson stated there was already an increase in traffic and there is an inevitable
conflict between the recreational and visitation use of the park and commercial traffic.
Traffic will be slowed down. There were seven (7) accidents on the road during the
calendar year 2005. Traffic volume is increasing and safety is the main concern.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Johnson for his presentation.
Mr. Carter next called Bobby Wingfield, E-911 Coordinator to address the Board.
Mr. Wingfield has requested to appear before the Board to gain approval to enter into a
contract with DaProSystems for a functional Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) system for
three Dispatch/Call taker positions at the new E911 Center. DaProSystems will provide
hardware, a new CAD file server and three CAD workstations. The system will integrate
with all existing equipment as well as with the DaProSystems equipment currently in the
Sheriffs Office. The total cost is $48,700.00 and includes installation and training
services.
Mr. Wingfield stated this equipment is the backbone of the Sheriff's Department where
all phone complaints come in and all walk in complaints are entered. They will work
closely with the Sheriffs Department and they will be able to talk back and forth, but E-
911 would have its own server. This would mean that if one system goes down, the
other would be able to act as a back-up.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve
the contract with DaProSystems for a functional Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD) system
for three Dispatch/Call taker positions at the new E-911 Center at a cost of $48,700.00.
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-5)