155
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and welcomed those present. Mr.
Carter then gave the invocation and invited everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance
to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
Add: 10C — HUD Grant
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
There were no comments to be heard at this time.
Mr. Carter next called Ms. Alice Rockefeller, Landfill Supervisor, to address the
Board to provide information concerning the landfill operation and answer any questions
that the Board may have.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the first thing she wished to discuss was the transfer of solid
waste to Campbell County. Things are going very well, after a rocky start getting
organized. She has reorganized the way in which they are getting this done. She has
utilized her present workers and has not needed any additional help. Her employees are
doing an excellent job. Presently, they are baling all of the waste that had previously
been baled. Everything that was being taken to the pit is now loaded onto one of the
roll-offs and driven to Campbell County. She does not anticipate any problems with
continuing to do this until we finish our Part “B” permit.
We have submitted our Part “B” permit to DEQ and they have done a completeness
review and have made some comments which we are presently working on. We have
until July 18, 2005 to get the comments back to them. When we finish our
completeness review then we have to start on the Technical review. This review will
take approximately 12 months. DEQ understands our situation and they are putting
forth every effort to get this done as quickly as possible.
Ms. Ferguson injected at this point that before Ms. Rockefeller provides you with her
information, that there are a few costs that are undetermined at this time and they are
not in this report. First, there is the issue of sludge from the Town sewerage treatment
facilities and things of that nature, recycling issues, school trash issues and other things
that there is no way to put into the figures that have been worked up. Ms. Rockefeller
has provided a handout of the costs she has been able to come up with. She will
explain these to you.