092
reviewed. Mr. Torrence reminded Mr. Carwile the Board had
already talked with Chambers and compared their proposed
costs to the option of operating a County Landfill. Further,
Mr. Torrence said it was demonstrated that to use Chamber’s
proposed landfill in Amelia County would cost the County more
than to continue to operate the Municipal Landfill here in
Appomattox. Mr. Torrence also explained there was little
Chambers could do to reduce their cost significantly enough
to make it economically feasible for the County to switch
from its course and declined to withdraw his original motion
made at the November 4, 1992 meeting to continue operations
at the current County Landfill.
Mr. Carwile replied that Draper Aden figured the cost to use
the private landfill in Amelia to be about $46.00 per ton and
that he felt these figures should be trusted because Draper
Aden were professional engineers.
The discussion of the landfill issue continued at length and
Mr. Torrence declined Mr. Carwile’s request to recind his
motion made at the meeting of November 4, 1992 concerning the
landfill.
At the conclusion of the discussion on the landfill issue and
at the request of Mr. Torrence, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of
Virginia enter into an executive session at 10:22 P.M. to
discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session
at 10:42 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mrs. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the
following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has
convened an executive meeting on this date pursuant
to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344-1, of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with
Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that,
to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only
public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the executive meeting to which this