99
Mr. Kendrick also made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept the Memorandums of
Understanding between the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and Porter House Road
property owners for the payment of legal fees associated with Porter House Road.
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN
THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS AND
INDIVIDUAL PROPERTY OWNERS
FOR PAYMENT OF LEGAL FEES ASSOCIATED WITH PORTER HOUSE ROAD
This Agreement is made the day of , 2002 by and between the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors (“Board”) and (“Owner”).
WHEREAS, the Board of has certified the right-of-way for Porter House Road to be accepted by the
Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) for rural addition and maintenance; and
WHEREAS, legal expenses have been incurred by the Board in the amount of $2,000.00 in
conjunction with preparing the Deed of Dedication required to certify the right-of-way; and
WHEREAS, certain residents of Porter House Road have agreed to reimburse the Board for these
legal expenses; and
WHEREAS, the Owner has agreed to reimburse the Board for their share, or one-sixth (1/6) of the
legal expenses.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties do hereby agree as follows:
1. The Owner shall pay legal expenses on a quarterly basis totaling $333.35 by July 1, 2002.
Minimum payments of $66.67 shall be made on or before July 1, 2002; October 1, 2002;
January 1, 2003; April 1, 2003; and July 1, 2003.
2. Payment shall be delivered on or before the due date to the County Administrator’s Office in
the form of a check (made payable to Appomattox County), money order, or cash.
3. In the event that the amount is not paid within ten (10) business days of a scheduled due date,
a late fee of $10.00 per day beyond the tenth business day that the payment is late shall be
added to the outstanding balance.
4. Amounts paid in excess of a minimum quarterly payment shall reduce the amount of
subsequent minimum quarterly payments.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye ; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
At 7:04 p.m. Mr. Carter stated there would be a Public Hearing with the Appomattox Planning
Commission and read the following statement:
This joint public hearing provides property owners with the opportunity to present their
zoning petitions, and concerned citizens with the chance to speak in support of or against the
petitions, before the Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors.
Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the