flee Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, |seconded by Mr. Moore to move the meeting to
| Mr. Torrence, aye. |
in the Courthouse and Mr. Torrence stated
(le 4 7 4 was to receive comment on the proposed
oy the amount of $1,000,000.00 from the
\ ority. Mr. Torrence continued by stating |
i 3 & 4 sed to finance capitol projects for the \|
a 2 |
f. a yone wishing to speak would be recognized |
ate their name and address for the record.
ge he ge - 3 and gave his address as Route 3, Box 603,
ae a district. Mr. Woodley began by addressing
P
4i - rade fellow Appomattox residents:
uve
Supervisors and my fellow Appomattox
mplex for Appomattox is a wonderful idea.
ols. Appomattox should have both.
3ut the schools must come first. Sports are
jins on the opening day of baseball season,
» not pursue athletics first at the expense
1 is why we have a school system in the
tas falling down we’d fix it before
inver. ingle gym and tree house for the backyard.
A basketball team has five starters. No more. There are nine starters
for a baseball game. Ten with the designated hitter. And twenty-two
people start on offense and defense for a football team. Meanwhile, |
there are 2,274 children in Appomattox classrooms five days a week, and >
332 children in the middle school. I consider their educational needs
to be most important. Those 2,274 children represent nearly 20 percent
of the county’s entire population. Approximately one-fifth of
Appomattox County is in an Appomattox County classroom.
Mathematically, those starters on the basketball, baseball or football |
teams don’t equal one-hundreth of one percent of the county’s |
population. Those athletes should be more important to us as
students. We need to care about them as people seven days a week, not
just game day.
Sports provide valuable lessons of team-work, honest competition,
self-esteem, and how to win and lose with dignity. Sports also provide
an obvious and public rallying point for the community, a place where
we can all come together and cheer for our county. These are all very
important. But athletic success at the expense of academic achievement |
is a hollow, empty victory. The important goal of any school system
should be to make academic starters of every single boy and girl who
enters the classroom--2,274, not five,-- not nine or ten,--not 22. But
everyone. Let’s make them starters in the very real contest of living
good and productive lives. Their failure in life costs us dearly.