ee)
ie)
site located on Route 632 between Route 639 and Route 627. Property is
zoned A-1.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition. Hearing no
comments, Mr. Paulette asked the Clerk to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-271 of Andrew H. Wingfield to
Rezone property from A-1 to B-1 and Conditional Use Permit to operate
welding and repair shop. Property is located on Route 26 between Route
608 and Route 615.
Mr. Paulette called for comments in support of this petition.
Mr. Andy Wingfield came forward and gave his address as Route 3, Box
599-A, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Wingfield stated he wanted to rezone
this property to put a 49’ x 70’ steel shop building on this property.
Mr. Wingfield continued that his business would serve this community
and the surrounding community with repair work. Mr. Wingfield stated
that on the North Side of the property, which is the side the Church
and Ray Phelps are on, he plans to plant white pines to screen his
building. He continued that there was already a natural screen on the
other sides.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Clark Lewis came forward and stated his address as Route 3,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Lewis stated that Appomattox needed a
welding shop in the County.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Deborah Hamilton came forward and stated her address as Route 4,
Box 508, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Hamilton continued by saying her
land and house are directly across Route 26 from the land which is
under petition to be rezoned from A-1 to B-1 with a conditional use.
Mrs. Hamilton stated that last month, Mr. Wingfield petitioned to
change the zoning from A-1 to M-1 with conditional use of Auto Repair
Garage and Manufacturing, Processing and Fabrication. This month he
has petitioned from A-1 to B-1 with the conditional use of storage
garage, farm machine display, sales and service, automobile, truck,
motor home, recreational vehicle and mobile home sales, automotive
repair garage, machine and body, light manufacturing, processing or
package of products and machinery sales and service.
She continued by calling attention to page 17021 of Zoning Chapter 170
from he Code of Appomattox County Section 170-6 entitled "Zoning
Permi - Letter C - Application procedures for conditional use
permit. Item 8, and I quote "A property owner or his appointed agent
shall not initiate action for a zoning permit relating to the same
conditional use affecting the same parcel of land more often that once
every twelve (12) months".
On page 17004 Item 170-2 under Word Usage "Except as otherwise provided