338
Total 2006 — 2007 Proposed School Budget: $20,238,755.
Projected Revenues: - Governor's budget $ 13,507,926
- Federal 1,165,419
- County 5,495,610
- Other 69,800
Total $ 20,238,755
Budget figures will probably change, as the State Budget has not been adopted and final
funding figures are not available at this time.
Dr. Krug asked if anyone had any questions.
Mr. Craft asked if closer ties with CVCC will result in more transportation and tuition
costs.
Dr. Krug said he was talking with CVCC to find options.
Mr. Conrad asked Dr. Krug to explain what is covered under “Alternative Education”.
Dr. Krug stated that for the school budget when they talk about Alternative Education,
they are primarily looking at the Janus School which is housed in the Stanley house.
This is not their only option program. They generally have eight to ten students
enrolled in this program at any given time. They have other options. They are part of
a regional group that operates the Pride Center in Lynchburg, and we currently have
four students which we transport to this program. We also have in the past put
students on home bound instructions where a tutor is sent out to work with them. We
also have other placements for Special Education student with extreme problems. We
can have Special Education students at Janus but we do not have them at the Pride
Center. They also have other programs, one of which, is the Governor's School.
Mr. Conrad asked how much is spent in Alternative Education each year?
Dr. Krug said that cost depends on the individual situation. They have a teacher at the
Janus School. There is no cost for the Pride Center, however, they do have
transportation costs.
Mr. Conrad asked “where we start” in addressing this?
Dr. Krug said that the Federal Government mandates it, but doesn’t fund but about one-
half of what they are supposed to. They are supposed to fund 40%, but only fund
about 20%. Our first contact would be Congressman Virgil Goode.
Mr. Moore asked about the ages of students sent to Alternative Education at the
Regional Pride Center.
Dr. Krug said that if it is a disciplinary problem, the School Board is the determining
factor in who goes to Pride. There are also children who need special services that we
are not able to provide here in Appomattox. The cost for a “normal” child is about