206
throughout said County and
TT IS FURTHER PROCLAIMED AND ORDERED that during the existence of said
emergency the powers, functions, and duties of the Director of
Emergency Services and the Local Emergency Planning Committee of
the County of Appomattox shall be those prescribed by State law
and the ordinances, resolutions, and approved plans of the County
of Appomattox in order to mitigate the effects of said emergency.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next opened for discussion, the proposal to go to twice «
year tax billing. After discussion, Mr. Rice was asked to conta
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney, concerning drafting an ordinance
cover the billing change.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Rice for the status of Landfill Bo
expenditures. After discussion Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded hk
Mr. Moore to appropriate $74,406.88 to pay the following leases as c
July 1, 1993, out of Bond money:
J.I. Case - Farm tractor w/attachments S 6,547.55
Lehigh Municipal Leasing Inc. 56,574.41
Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation 11,284.92
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; My.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to put $250,000.00 into
a Capitol Improvements Fund. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson with agreement of the other Board members adjourned thé
Board until the Public Hearing June 8, 1993 at 7:30 P.M.
}
— { / ]
CSNY /\ f if /
f J PN
VKO x AA \ =
Chairman
WwW
}
}
i
A joint Public Hearing of the Appomattox County Planning Commission and
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held June 8, 1993 at the
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virgin
to consider a petition seeking Conditional Use Zoning Permit.
5e))
Present (Board of Supervisors):
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell B. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District