600
Committee by the deadline of Monday, August 24 2009. Mr. Tanner explained that based on the
estimated project cost of $60,000.00 it is recommended that the Board request $55,000.00 of its
Southside ED allocation against a matching contribution of $5,000.00. Vice-Chairman Tanner
called for discussion from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that it looks like the most the County would be involved in would be $5,000.00
and Ms. Ferguson stated that this was correct.
Mr. Craft made a motion to apply for the Tobacco Commission funding by authorizing staff to
proceed with application to Southside Economic Development Committee. Mr. Carter seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion.
Vice-Chairman Tanner called for discussion. Hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item #6 — Proclamation for National Payroll
Week and explained that Mr. Timothy Massenburg with the Richmond Chapter of the American
Payroll Association is requesting the Board to approve the proclamation declaring September 7-
11, 2009, as National Payroll Week.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item#7 — Resolution Opposing Storm Water
Management Regulations and explained Mr. Jay E. Tibbs, Deputy County Administrator for the
County of Frederick, Virginia is requesting the Board to adopt the resolution opposing Storm
Water Management Regulations 4VAC50-60, Parts I, II, III, and XHI. Mr. Tanner explained that
the Frederick County Board of Supervisors view these measures as another unfunded mandate
thrust upon already fiscally stressed localities and also the new standards will severely limit
development with the urban development area thereby promoting urban sprawl as developers
seek out larger lots where the proposed standards can be more easily achieved. Vice-Chairman
Tanner called for discussion.
RESOLUTION
Opposing Proposed Stormwater Management Regulations 4VAC40-60, Parts I, II, III and Part
XI
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes its responsibility to the
state’s watershed and desires to protect its lands and waterways from the degradation of urban
runoff; and
WHEREAS, the new storm water standards constitute an unfunded mandate, which places a
financial burden on already fiscally stressed localities. Through the costs of developing a new
storm water program, as well as the required long-term maintenance and inspection of Best
Management Practices, the county will incur new costs, which will not offset by the proposed
permit fees in Part XIII; and