699
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATION ITEMS: (Items 13 - 19)
13. School’s Financial Report: Monthly financial report for March, 2002.
14. Administrator’s Report: County Administrators Report for January, 2002.
15. Letter from Town of Appomattox: Letter from Town Council explaining their reason for
not participating in the Appomattox Elementary School Committee.
16. | Smarter Region Newsletter: This newsletter provides information on business
development activities within Region 2000 for the 4" quarter of 2001.
17. Workforce Summit 2002: Flier regarding Workforce Summit scheduled for April 10,
2002.
18. Department of Emergency Management: Letter received from Mr. Cline regarding our
previous request to have the Lynchburg Fire Department serve as the regional hazardous
materials response team.
19. Trailblazer: Received newsletter of the Virginia Civil War Trails, containing the additions
of the Wilson-Kautz Raid portion of Lee’s Retreat.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile discussed the Old Caldwell House on the industrial park property. It is his
understanding that there may be some old stuff in this house that would be considered County
property that could be preserved by the Historical Society. Mr. Wayne Phelps and Delegate
Abbitt have asked permission to recover anything of historical value before it is all destroyed or
taken by someone else.
Mr. Carroll will recommend to the Industrial Development Authority that Mr. Phelps, Delegate
Abbitt, monitored by a County Employee, be allowed to retrieve anything of value from the old
house located on the industrial park and preserve it for the Historical Society. If the IDA is
agreeable, they will contact the Historical Society.
Mr. Carter reminded everyone of the upcoming Board of Supervisors meeting on Tuesday,
February 19, 2002 at 6:30 P.M. since the third Monday is a holiday.
The Board has been invited to the Cattleman’s Association dinner on February 12" at the high
school cafeteria at 6:30 p.m.
At 10:59 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman