609
Mr. Torrence informed Mrs. Ferguson that Mr. Jim Nolen was not qualified to appraise
commercial property and that she would need to contact someone else for the two school
sites.
Mrs. Ferguson then provided copies of the FY2000 budget in order to begin review.
Mrs. Ferguson began that after recalculating the proposed budget versus revenue that
there was a shortfall of approximately 1 million 500 thousand dollars.
Mrs. Ferguson continued that the projected revenue was $20,214,355.00 and the budget
requests total $21,781,584.00.
A general discussion followed concerning the proposed budget.
Mr. Torrence asked if the Board would consider meeting March 8, 9, and 10 from 7:00
P.M. to 9:00 P.M. in an effort to prepare the budget at an early date considering that the
tax rate is going to have to be set by the end of March.
By consensus it was agreed to meet these dates for budget work sessions.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a handout to the other members of the Board asking that they
consider making a request of the School Board that a citizen committee be formed to do a
study in all the schools to see if there were areas that money could be saved.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to write a letter to the
School Board asking if they would work towards appointing this committee. The
suggestion was made that the committee consists of one appointee from the Board of
Supervisors, one appointee from the School Board, and one appointee chosen jointly
between the two Boards.
Mr. Carwile asked if the tax rate could be changed for the second half of the year if the
budget could not be balanced before the end of March.
Mr. Bosiger then began a review by department to see where the major increases are.
The Board stopped review with department 2130 Magistrate.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Garet K. Bosiger, Ch@irman