366
representation from VACo. Mrs. Conrad asked the Board to read the bylaws for VACO
and see if the Board feels there is something that needs to be done to even the playing
field with larger localities.
Mr. Torrence stated that he felt this matter was not going to be resolved at this meeting
and suggested that the Board receive a copy of the bylaws for their review and possible
discussion at a later date.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Conrad and called on Mr. Donald Martin to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Martin came forward and explained that during the last ice storm some major leaks
developed at the Health Department. Mr. Martin presented pictures of the roof for their
review by the Board.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mr. Martin was instructed to proceed
with getting plans to install a new roof system on the Health Department. Mr. Martin
was also asked to have Mr. Lawson review the warranty on the present roof to see if there
would be any help from that direction.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Martin for his time.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that he felt the Board had a good relationship with the people for the
past seven years and he asked the other members of the Board to try to keep the
relationship between the Board and the people healthy. Mr. Carwile continued that he
was not going into details but he felt that some of the other Board members knew what he
was talking about and he felt the Board should do their part to keep the relationship good.
Mr. Bosiger commented that he assumed that Mr. Carwile was referring to the public
hearing where zoning changes were proposed. Mr. Bosiger asked the other members of
the Board what their recommendations were as to when this should be discussed.
Mr. Moore felt that a round table discussion of the whole issue was in order with Mr.
Caldwell, the Planning Commission and the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Bosiger asked if this should be put on the agenda for the next meeting.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board is was agreed to place this matter on the
agenda for the meeting on January 19, 1999 after the public hearing.