332
Mr. Moore made a motion at 9:16 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal and a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye, Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 10:04 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye, Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence. aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded Mr. Bosiger, the following resolution was
adopted.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was any action necessary from the executive session.
Hearing none, and there being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded
by Mr. Torrence to recess at 10:10 P.M., until after the public hearing on December 15,
1997. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye, Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox
Town Council and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on December
15, 1997 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.