659
The members of the Board asked several questions of Sheriff Staples concerning his
budget requests.
A lengthy discussion followed on the number of vehicles that need to be replaced in the
FY2000 budget year.
The addition to the Sheriff's Office and the next step towards this project was discussed.
No action was taken except to assure Sheriff Staples that the Board was committed to this
addition.
After discussion the Board assured Sheriff Staples that they would carefully consider his
comments and let him know whether funding will be restored to his FY2000 budget.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Sheriff Staples and asked Mr. Danny Booker to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Booker began that he was coming to the Board to thank the Board for their support
for Gladstone Fire Department and ask if funding could be increased in FY2000. Mr.
Booker continued that the Gladstone Fire Department was in the process of equipping an
evacuation center at the Fire Department and that this project was placing additional
demands on their finances. Mr. Booker explained that the Gladstone Fire Department
served a number of citizens in Appomattox County. Mr. Booker continued that last year
the Gladstone Fire Department responded to 26 calls in Appomattox County.
Mr. Booker continued with a number of projects that is being undertaken by Gladstone
Fire Department in Appomattox County. Mr. Booker also listed the cost of numerous
items that the Gladstone Fire Department was presently in need of.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Booker how much funding the Gladstone Fire
Department was requesting from Appomattox County.
Mr. Booker stated that any additional funding would be appreciated but $10,000.00
would go a long way towards helping them get their evacuation center into place.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Booker and explained that Mrs. Ferguson had
several issues related to the FY2000 budget that she needed to discuss with the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson provided the Board with the FY2000 budget synopsis that was ready for
publication as soon as the Board approved the date for the budget public hearing. Mrs.
Ferguson continued by explaining that in order to balance the budget and not raise the tax
levy the Board would have to use $362,464.00 of carry over funds.
Discussion followed concerning the budget.