O97
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on May 6, 1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. and asked Mr.
Torrence to have the invocation.
Mr. Paulette next called for corrections or additions to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the public hearings of March 4, 1996 and March 11, 1996; a
special meeting of February 26, 1996; a regular meeting of March 4,
1996 and recessed meetings of March 11 & 12, 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye, Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer, Virginia
Department of Transportation to appear before the Board and report on
VDOT activities for the past month.
Ms. Lindsay brought the Board up to date on several projects they had
been following. She then invited the Board members to an open house at
the newly renovated VDOT office in Appomattox.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked her for
coming.
Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. Earl Dickerson, Hurt and Proffit and
Mr. Mike Smithers, Health Department to appear before the Board to
discuss their visit to the septage facility in Stuarts Draft.
Mr. Earl Dickerson briefed the Board on their findings when they
visited the Septage-Sewage Collection Treatment Station that is being
run by Mr. Kenner Campbell. Mr. Dickerson explained that Mr. Campbell
privately owned the facility which they toured. Mr. Dickerson
continued that Mr. Campbell owned a large tract of land on which two |
(2) hugh tanks were located. These tanks were 110’ in diameter and 20"
deep, open at the top with no cover. Mr. Dickerson explained that thi
seemed to be a very simple process. Mr. Dickerson continued that aft
a period of time this waste product was sprayed on an 80 acre tract of
land. Mr. Campbell applied this product twice a year, rotating
fields. Mr. Dickerson said this product was spread with a spray truck,
which held 3,000 gallons, on a 10 acre tract of land. There are no