556
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment on this petition.
Hearing no one, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-234 of K. Wayne Spradlin for a
Conditional Zoning Permit to allow Used Motor Vehicle Dealer and
Salvage Vehicle Dealer/Rebuilder. Property is located on Route 460
between Route 667 and Route 648 and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. K. Wayne Spradlin came forward and stated that his intentions were
to buy a few salvage vehicles to repair or sell and that he may sell a
few used cars along with the salvage business. Mr. Spradlin stated
that he has no intention of operating a junkyard.
Mr. Paulette asked if there were others who wished to comment on this
petition.
Mr. Reggie Spradlin came forward and stated that he is the owner of thi
property where this business will be located and that he has no
objection to this request being granted.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment.
Mr. Carlton Thompson came forward and stated that his property joined
Mr. Spradlin’s property. Mr. Thompson explained that he has no
problems with Mr. Spradlin’s request, he just did not want another
junkyard joining his property.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment on this petition.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-235 of Stacey R. Lawson for a
Conditional Use Permit for Beauty Shop in existing dwelling. Located
on Route 613 between Route 460 and Route 659, property is zoned A-1.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Hearing no comments, and being no further petitions, Mr. Paulette
closed the public hearing at 7:53 P.M.
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on January 31, 1995 at 8:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District