166
Mr. Paulette next explained that Mr. Ralph Reider has resigned from th
Disability Services Board and a new appointment was necessary to fill
his unexpired term.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appoint Bob Poole to the Disability Services Board to fill Mr. Ralph
Reider’s unexpired term. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that Social Services Board wished to have
Mr. Lacy Webb reappointed to another term.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reappoint Mr.
Lacy Webb to the Social Services Board for a term to expire May 31,
2000. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that a resolution was necessary in order t
hold rabies clinics in the County at locations other than Dr. Burger’s
Office.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION SUPPORTING RABIES CLINICS
IN APPOMATTOX COUNTY
WHEREAS, the safety and health of the Citizens of Appomattox County is
of primary importance to the Board of Supervisors; and
WHEREAS, rabies is a communicable disease which threatens the safety,
and health of the citizens of Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors strongly believes that rabies clinic
help to protect the safety and health of our citizens; and
WHEREAS, in some cases rabies vaccinations are not readily accessible
to our citizens to help combat this threat.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors approves rabies clinics to be offered throughout the Count}
as deemed necessary to protect the citizens of Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Governor Allen in support o}
conserving and improving our rivers and waters.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Signet Bank that they be
approved as a depository for the County.
tT