231
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the Application for Entertainment Festival for the
Stonewall Antique Power Show to be held the weekend of May 17 and 18, 2008 and to
waive the bond fee. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5- A Proposed Amendment to the
Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance. Chairman Craft called for discussion.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion to hold a public hearing to receive comment
on the Proposed Amendment to the Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance on April
21, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Moore’s motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #6-Planning Commission
Recommendations. Chairman Craft called for discussion on the following petitions:
CUP08002-Guaranteed Network Services, Inc.-The applicant/agent Guaranteed
Network Services, Inc. is requesting a conditional use permit for property located on the
south side of Cabin Lane, Appomattox, Virginia. The applicant is seeking to locate a 190-
foot Wireless Communications Facility on the property in order to provide wireless
internet service to a portion of the county. The zoning district is Agricultural, A-1. The
subject property is identified as Tax Map Number 9 (A) 22; Appomattox Lime Company,
owner. The total parcel area is approximately 57.85 acres; however the area where the
tower will be located is approximately 0.01 acres in size.
Mr. Tanner stated that citizens in his District are looking forward to having this service.
On a motion by Mr. Tanner, seconded by Mr. Conrad, for reason of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors moves to approve petition CUP08002-Guaranteed Network Services, Inc.
with no conditions. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
CUP08003-Guaranteed Network Services, Inc.-The applicant/agent Guaranteed
Network Services, Inc. is requesting a conditional use permit for property located on the
south side of Stratton Dairy Road (Route 713), Concord, Virginia. The applicant is
seeking to locate a 190-foot Wireless Communications Facility on the property in order
to provide wireless internet service to a portion of the county. The zoning district is
Agricultural, A-1. The subject property is identified as Tax Map Number 47 (A) 32;
David Stratton, owner. The total parcel area is approximately 340.5 acres; however the
area where the tower will be located is approximately 0.01 acres in size.
On a motion by Mr. Tanner, seconded by Mr. Conrad, for reason of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors moves to approve petition CUP08003-Guaranteed Network Services, Inc.