89
sewage Sludge is consistent with all applicable local ordinances.
The Board of Supervisors shall confirm or deny consistency within
thirty (30) days of receiving a request for certification. If the
Board of Supervisors does not so respond, the site shall be deemed
consistent.
b. Pursuant to the authority of §32.1-164.5 A.J of the Code of
Virginia, (1950), as amended (Cum. Supp. 2007) and pursuant to
the findings set forth in Article 1 of this ordinance, the Board of
Supervisors ofAppomattox County shall, as part of Chapter 170—
Zoning, designate and reasonably restrict the storage of sewage
sludge in Appomattox County.
c. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of law, the Board of
Supervisors ofAppomattox County shall require a conditional use
permit be obtained to begin the storage of sewage sludge. Storage
of sewage sludge may be permitted as a conditional use in an
Agricultural District (A-1), subject to the requirements of §32.1-
164.5 et seq. and §62.1-44.19:3 et seq., Code of Virginia, (1950),
as amended and other such applicable County, State, and Federal
statutes, ordinances, and regulations as may be adopted from time
to time.
d. A conditional use permit shall not be required to begin the storage
of sewage sludge on property in an A-] zoning district as long as
such sewage sludge is being stored (a) solely for land application
on the farm on which the storage facility is located and (b) for a
period no longer than forty-five (45) days.
e. The requirements of this section and of other applicable provisions
of Chapter 170 of the Appomattox County regarding storage of
sewage sludge shall be in addition to the local testing and
monitoring ordinances permitted under subsection C. of §62.1-
44.19:3 et seq., Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended, as may be
adopted by the Board of Supervisors as part of this Chapter from
time to time.
f. Storage of sewage sludge shall be prohibited in all other zoning
districts in Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter asked “Will this 45 day period of time be monitored and by whom”?
Mr. Craft wanted to know if we had a way of finding out before hand when a farmer will
be storing sludge.
Mr. Roark explained that if we receive a complaint from a neighbor, we would go out
and investigate.
Mr. Overstreet explained why we are doing the addition to the ordinance. He does not
want the citizens to think we are doing more than what we are actually doing with this
ordinance. At first, when you look at this you wonder why we don't have the authority