308
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needed to consider that the budget for this year is
already completed and the County does give money to Central Virginia Agency on Aging which
takes care of this type of service. Mr. Conrad stated that he was not sure, but CVAAA may
already provide these services and this would be a duplicate of services.
Ms. Ferguson explained the services that are provided by CVAAA to the Board.
Chairman Craft stated that it would be the consensus of the Board to take no action on this issue.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3 — State Across the Board Budget Cuts.
Chairman Craft explained that VACo has been working with local government officials to draft a
response on the budget reductions that have been approved and would like the Board to adopt this
resolution.
Mr. Carter questioned if CSA funds were untouchable. Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board had
discussed the possibility of pulling funds strictly from CSA because we did not feel that those
funds would be touched, but that is totally incorrect. Ms. Ferguson stated at this time we are not
sure of what the State is going to do. Ms. Ferguson explained that most Counties that she had
spoke with had decided to not take these reductions from any certain department. They are going
to take the lump sum of money and send it to the State in January 2009 just as this Board has
decided we would do rather than cutting specific departments.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Supervisor Conrad had wanted an avenue to express our concerns to the
State about the impact these reductions are having on local tax payers and this gives you the
opportunity to do so.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the resolution to the State addressing the budget reductions.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Resolution to Provide Local Aid to the Commonwealth
WHEREAS, the General Assembly chose to respond to shrinking revenue growth by shifting to
local governments the responsibility for reducing $100.0 million of core services; and
WHEREAS, the Governor signed into law this $100.0 million appropriation reduction for local
governments in the 2008-2010 biennium without identifying the programs to be reduced; and
WHEREAS, these reductions are in addition to those made by the General Assembly and
approved by the Governor affecting law enforcement, elementary and secondary education,
profits from the Alcoholic Beverage Control Enterprise Fund and distributions of win liter tax
collections, constitutional offices, the upgrade of wastewater treatment facilities in conformance
with water quality standards and goals, and farmland preservation to name but a few; and
WHEREAS, the $100.0 million reduction will likely be carried forward into future bienna
forcing city and county governments to choose between raising taxes or reducing services;