597
Mr. Carter stated that he did not have a problem with the supplemental appropriation in the
amount of $426,635.69 to the School Capital Improvement Fund. Mr. Carter stated that however
he does have a problem with the supplemental appropriation in the amount of $670,000.00,
however, he is happy with having this money left over, but he would like an explanation as to
where it came from.
Mr. Carter stated that he questions this due to the statement made earlier by Mr. Williams as to
what the School Board needed to do so that the Board of Supervisors would trust what they have
presented to the Board for a budget and then $670,000.00 shows up that the Board did not know
anything about.
Mr. Williams stated that Mr. Perrow would explain this to the Board, but first he would like to
say that he did not know how complex the School Board budget was until 2008 and he has found
that it is extremely complex procedure.
Mr. Perrow began by stating that back in October 2008 the economy started to crash and state
guidance started saying that they may not be able to fulfill the funding that had been budgeted.
Mr. Perrow explained that at that time he and Dr. Boone took action so that they did not run out
of money before the end of the school year. Mr. Perrow explained that the budget was based on
a large ADM and it did not materialize. In December it looked like they were going to be 100-
120 students shy of the ADM, so the decision was made to not spend any more money since we
did not know what they were going to face. Mr. Perrow stated that they cut back on new
positions that were open, did not buy buses that were budgeted and also the decline in the fuel
price helped them greatly and all of these changes led to funds being saved. Mr. Perrow stated
that later in the year the ADM did better than he and Dr. Boone had anticipated which still did
not reach the stated level however, it was not as bad as previously thought.
Mr. Perrow stated that the State started coming up with monies that they had previously been
told they would not be getting. The State then allowed unspent money to be put back into this
year’s budget as a onetime deal.
Mr. Perrow stated that this fund has been building over a period of twelve months.
Mr. Carter stated that when the School Board met with the Board of Supervisors in May, the
Board understood there was a short fall of funds and teachers were looking at losing their jobs.
Mr. Perrow stated that June is when they found out how much money they would have left.
Dr. Grasty stated that the School Board had also cut back on field trips and approving travel
reimbursement.
Mr. Carter stated that the $670,000.00 is a blessing.
Mr, Tanner questioned what the ADM projection is for this year.
Mr. Perrow stated that the State projection is 2109 which is opposite of what they did last year.