430
The Board also discussed the present policy of requiring fire
departments and rescue squads to present their budgets prior to
receiving a contribution.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
release the contributions to the fire departments and rescue squads
without meeting the present policy requirements.
Ms. Ferguson next suggested that the Board set up a schedule for
replacing county owned vehicles, so that the cost would not have to be
budgeted all in one year.
After discussion, it was determined to try to replace one county owned
vehicle per year if this were possible.
Mr. Torrence asked the Board to stop budget review, at this time, and
invited Mrs. Janet Belter, Treasurer, to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Belter began by presenting the Board with a copy of her revised
budget showing pay for performance and related benefit adjustments.
Mrs. Belter continued by giving an overview of her budget and answering
questions related to her request.
Mrs. Belter, also, requested that the Board of Supervisors approve a 4%
increase for her employees.
Being nothing further for Mrs. Belter, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused
Mrs. Belter and called on Mrs. Barbara Williams to appear before the
Board.
Mrs. Williams began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to appear
before the Board to review her FY95 budget request.
Discussion followed on departments 2102 and 2106 with Mrs. Williams
explaining her budget request and answering any questions.
Being nothing further for Mrs. Williams, the Board thanked and excused
her.
Budget review continued on departments 4203 - Refuse Collection and
4204 - Refuse Disposal.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the increases in Refuse Collection are the
2.25% salary increase effective 12/1/94 and 5% increase in automobile
insurance.
Ms. Ferguson continued by reading two letters to the Board that Mr.
Peterson had included with his budget. One letter was suggesting that
any funds remaining in the FY94 budget be carried over to Fy95. The
other letter was suggesting a uniform pay classification be implemented
Ms. Ferguson also read a letter from Mr. Peterson explaining that the
tracks need to be turned on the 983 and this figure was included in