598
Courthouse for the Commonwealth Attorney. We received one (1) bid for this
project and that bid was for twice the amount that Gary Harvey with Craddock-
Cunningham Architectural Partners estimated it would be. Recommendation is to
reject all bids and look for an alternative.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the bid received was three times the amount the estimated
cost of this renovation.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Conrad, to reject all bids pertaining to the
renovation of the Commonwealth Attorney’s office for reasons set out in the contract
file. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye bids)
3. Building Permit Refund Request: Mr. Herbert A. Ector is requesting a refund
for building permit fees that he paid to the County. When Mr. Ector completed
his building permit application he stated that he was installing a two-story
building. He is actually installing a one-story building, resulting in an over-
payment of $256.41.
After a short discussion period, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to
refund Mr. Herbert A. Ector the amount of $256.41 for an overpayment on building
permit. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Land Use Taxation Assessment: At the February 7, 2007 meeting, the Board
discussed the subject of Land Use Assessment. Ms. Ferguson was asked to
contact other localities that had recently implemented Land Use Assessment and
see what impact it had on their tax rate. In an attempt to locate a locality that
met this criteria, she contacted James Campbell with Virginia Association of
Counties. Mr. Campbell informed her that the trend is moving away from land
use assessment. She also received an unsolicited e-mail from Southampton
County Administrator warning that the estimate that the Farm Bureau had
provided them was almost one-half what the actual impact was on their tax rate.
Does the Board wish to move forward with this process?
Mr. Armbrust stated that the reason for looking at some of the other localities was to
get an idea of what the impact would be. The information furnished by the Farm
Bureau was good, but it was based on 2001-2002 figures. Times change, land changes,
development changes. If we look at some of the information that came to us, the
impact on tax rate was 6 to 11%. He does not feel our citizens can bear this amount.
Mr. Conrad is not willing to throw this to the wind just yet. He commented that Ms.
Ferguson had done a great deal of work on getting us some figures from Weldon
Cooper. At the last meeting we discussed reviewing some of this to at least kick off our
ability analysis from many different facets. He can see some benefits. He can also see
where there is a contradiction in the County cost. Certainly based on the information we
have gotten, people living in residential areas, for every dollar they pay into taxes you
will probably have a cost of $1.15 to $1.25 of services received. We have a list of the