ns| |
412
proposed parking lost; the 4-foot wide access roadway shoulders will be
asphalt treated to provide for the proposed bikeway; and, Route 613 will be
widened to provide a right turn lane at the entrance to the park. This
PROJECT _ shall be designated as Project -752-006-209, N501 (UPC
00068140).
B. The LOCALITY will:
1. Provide the necessary right of way and any required slope and/or
drainage easements for this project at no cost to the DEPARTMENT.
2. Prepare any required environmental documents and secure any
applicable permits necessary for this PROJECT’s construction in the
name of the LOCALITY as the owner and operator of the project.
Costs associated with this work will not be considered eligible for
reimbursement from the Recreational Access Fund.
3. Cause any utilities in conflict with the construction of this project to be
adjusted, including the cost of any installations and related
engineering, at no cost to the DEPARTMENT.
4. Br responsible for all permit compliance including any compensatory
mitigation.
5. Provide copies of all of the permits to VDOT, provide certification that
all the required permits have been obtained and agree that the
LOCALLITY is responsible for compliance with those permits prior to
construction of the PROJECT.
6. Secure all right-of-way necessary for the PROJECT’s construction in
accordance with approved plans, including any required slope, utility —
and drainage easements, in a manner satisfactory to the
DEPARTMENT. The LOCALITY shall certify that all such right-of-
way is clear prior to advertisement. Costs associated with the
provision of right-of-way will not be considered eligible for
reimbursement from the Recreational Access Fund.
7. Arrange form the adjustment of any utilities in conflict with the
PROJECT’s construction. Costs associated with the adjustment of
utilities will not be considered eligible for reimbursement from the
Recreational Access Fund.
8. Provide from the LOCALITY’s general fund for the financing of all
ineligible PROJECT costs and any eligible PROJECT costs as
determined by the DEPARTMENT pursuant to the DEPARTMENT’s
current policy and procedure in the administration of the Recreational
Access Program.:
a) in the construction of the access road in excess of $250,000;
and
b) in the construction of the bikeway in excess of $60,000.
C. The DEPARTMENT will:
1. Provide for project advertisement, contract administration,
construction and maintenance of the PROJECT as described above in
paragraph A. |