iS
had membership of all races. Mr. Rogers said that the SCV was not a reenactment group
but that their major role was to perpetuate the memory of their ancestors.
Mr. Rogers then answered questions of the members of the Board.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to leave this matter for the
January meeting in order for the new members of the Board to participate in the decision.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Rogers and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile questioned whether a decision had been made concerning waiving the fees
for permits for Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department’s renovation project.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that this had been done late in the meeting on November 15,
1999,
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mrs. Ferguson needed permission to solicit bids for the
survey of the elementary school site on Lee-Grant Avenue and Route 691 and then allow
Mrs. Ferguson to accept the low estimate and proceed with the survey work.
By consensus of the Board it was agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to proceed with the survey on
the elementary school site.
Mr. Bosiger then reported on the progress of the selection of an architectural firm for the
elementary school project.
Mr. Torrence began that he would like for the Board to provide a report of the projects
that had been undertaken by the Board and the progress of these projects. Mr. Torrence
felt that the general public was not aware of all the things that the Board of Supervisors
had accomplished over the past several years.
A general discussion followed with the consensus of the Board being this was a good
idea and should be looked into and a report be given at the December 20" meeting.
Mr. Carter then asked if the Board would consider changing the date of the January
meeting to January 10, 2000?
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to hold the
Organizational Meeting of the Board of Supervisors on January 10, 2000 at 6:00 P.M.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then asked if the Planning Commission had met concerning the request from
the Board for review of the Subdivision Ordinance?