913
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mrs. Ferguson had researched Mrs. Hamlet’s request for
two telephones for the General District Court Clerk’s Office and had found that no
additional wiring was required and that the telephones could be moved with ease if the
office was relocated.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $598.00 from
Courthouse Maintenance for the month of October 1998 to purchase two telephones for
the General District Court Clerk’s Office. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Mayor Spiggle that $3,842.52 be appropriated
from the Trigon stock proceeds for the Town employee health benefits.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $3,842.52 from the
Trigon stock proceeds for benefits for Town employees. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger also explained that the Board did not reimburse for county employees at the
same rate that they reimbursed the School and the Town and recommended that an
additional appropriation be made from the Trigon stock proceeds for County employees.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate a total of $19,649.25
from the Trigon stock proceeds to reimburse the County for their portion of the
employee’s healthcare benefits. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Bosiger next asked the other members of the Board if they had reviewed the meeting
notes of Mr. Hal Craddock concerning the extended project for the Courthouse.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed for Mr. Craddock to
proceed with the Courthouse project as outlined in his memo.
Mr. Bosiger then asked if any member of the Board had anything for discussion.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like letters of commendation sent to the members of
the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Board for the excellent job they did putting on
the festival and also to the members of the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department for their
efforts in raising funds for their new building.
Mr. Torrence also reported that the Town of Pamplin had received a $331,000.00 grant to
renovate and restore the train station in Pamplin.
Mr. Carter then gave a report on the Appomattox Town Council meeting .
Mr. Moore joined the meeting.