47
Route 774 and Route 460 Business are some Routes that have been designated as potential bike
paths. In order for these to be done, they must first be on the books are they cannot be funded
thru highway money. The second things that must be done is that they are trying to take the bike
plans and make what are called “‘green ways” which are recreational areas and walking paths,
putting together a network across the region and this will open up opportunities for state and
federal funding for things like parks, etc. All these parks or green ways will be networked across
the region and open up some federal and state funding for development. The Bike Plan is the first
step in this process. Next year we will be bringing you the whole plan.
The Signage Study is a look at types of signage and destination points. Your destination point,
by far, is the historic realm. In terms of getting people to that point, the present signage is very
inconsistent and could be improved by getting all signs the same height or the same color.
Historic sites, brown as opposed to the traditional green or black on white. This study was to
look at these signs and make some recommendations. Next year the study will be where should
these signs be and what is the cost. They will be incorporating both of these studies into next
years workplan.
After a short discussion period, Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Gillispie.
Mr. Carter next called the Board’s attention to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: Mr. Carter presented the Planning Commission
Recommendations to approve the following petitions:
02-494 - Willis Hamlett, II - Conditional Use Permit to operate auto repair shop per
§170-34 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 705
between Rt. 632 and Rt. 633, Tax Map #78(A)48B, and is zoned A-1.
02-495 - Gregory A. Wooten and Leslie T. Wilhoit - Conditional Use Permit to operate
an auto sales business per §170-47(A)(30) of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located
on U. S. 460 West between Rt. 646 and Rt. 703, Tax Map
#62(A)142, and is zoned B-1.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the Planning Commission’s
recommendations and approve petitions #02-494 - Willis Hamlett, II and #02-495 - Gregory A.
Wooten and Leslie T. Willhoit. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter asked the Board if they wished to consider the Resolutions presented by Mr. Gillispie
at this time.
Mr. Carter then read the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
REGIONAL BIKE PLAN