688
Absent (Planning Commission):
Debra Chernault
Charles Smith
Elizabeth Edwards
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
W. M. Caldwell, Clerk, Planning Commission
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M., stated the
purpose of the hearing was to receive comments on zoning petitions and
gave instructions for addressing the Board.
Mr. Paulette then asked Mr. Caldwell to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-263 of O. V. Johnson to rezone
property from R-1 to M-1 and conditional use permit to construct auto
repair shop. Property is located on west side of Route 26 at
intersection of Route 611.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments in favor of this petition.
Mr. O. V. Johnson came forward and gave his address as Route 4, Box
438, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Johnson explained he wished to open an
automotive repair shop in order to support himself. He continued by
explaining he was presently attending Southside Community College,
studying auto mechanics. Mr. Johnson asked that his request be granted
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-264 of Andrew H. Wingfield to
rezone property from A-1 to M-1 and conditional use permit to operate
welding and repair shop. Property is located on Route 26 between Route
608 and Route 615.
Mr. Paulette called for comments in favor of this petition.
Mr. Andy Wingfield came forward and gave his address as Route 3, Box
599A, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Wingfield explained that he planned tc
construct a 40’ x 70’ repair shop for farm machinery, tractor trailers
etc. Mr. Wingfield explained this would be a plain building with no
plans to have anything parked outside the building. Mr. Wingfield
stated VDOT had inspected and approved his proposed commercial
entrance. Mr. Wingfield then asked for the Board to approve his
petition.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments in favor of this petition. ;
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette called for comments in opposition to this
request.
Mrs. Deborah Hamilton came forward and gave her address as Route 4, Box
508, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Hamilton explained she was opposed to