132
Mrs. Ferguson explained that approximately one half of the counties already have such a
license tax and that the consumers in these counties pay the same utility rates as the
consumers in Appomattox County. Mrs. Ferguson explained that effective January 1,
2001 if a county did not have an ordinance in place to levy this tax the County’s portion
of the tax would go to the State.
Mr. Bosiger then stated the procedure for addressing comments to the Board.
Mr. Jesse Rosser came forward and gave his address as Route 6 Box 1415, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Rosser continued that he would like to read a prepared statement
concerning the proposed license tax ordinance that was published in the November 3"
issue of the Times Virginian. Mr. Rosser stated that before he read his prepared
statement he would like to make a couple of casual comments that come to mind. Mr.
Rosser expressed to the Board that he realized that this past year had been trying on the
Board but that tonight he was going to give them a break. Mr. Rosser continued that he
had spoken with a large number of people concerning the proposed ordinance and that all
were instrumental in him reaching a conclusion. Mr. Rosser stated that the County
Administrator’s Office went beyond all their responsibility to assist him and they should
be commended. Mr. Rosser then began that the proposed ordinance was brought about
pursuant to Virginia Code Section 58.1-3731. Mr. Rosser continued that the
requirements and ramifications were listed in a notice from Virginia Association of
Counties urging the Board of Supervisors to adopt this ordinance. Mr. Rosser explained
that given what he understands he would urge the County Board of Supervisors to adopt
this ordinance. Mr. Rosser continued that this was thought to be something new but it is
not. Mr. Rosser continued that many towns and counties have such an ordinance now.
Mr. Rosser explained that if the Board would adopt the County would receive a portion
of receipts but if the Board does not adopt the County will receive nothing. Mr. Rosser
in closing thanked the Board for the opportunity to express his views on this matter.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing closed at 6:10 P.M.
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAZAMAN