674
the penalty would be to contractors for noncompliance or permit infraction. Ms. Cosby said that itwould probably be handled as an agency violation which could result in the state revoking a
permit.
Mr. Wilson asked about fees charged in counties where land application is occurring. Ms. Cosby
replied that localities receive no funds now from the state for their own processes, and cannot
issue their own permits. Mr. Carter asked Ms. Cosby’s opinion on the Commission’s draft
ordinance. She replied that the ordinance’s strength is that it gathers information before the
permit is issued, allowing the locality to comment to VDH. Vice Chairman O’Brien said that land
application has been occurring for thirty years, and that there is substantial research and case study
on hand. Mr. Carter noted that even with thirty years of experience, even EPA will not endorse
land application.
Mr. Moore asked what the issues were that triggered each one of the lawsuits against localities, as
he does not feel that the contractors doing the spreading would be concerned about additional
setback requirements so long as they are able to spread the biosolids somewhere. Ms. Cosby
replied that the Spotsylvania County case was triggered by the implementation of a special use
process. She added that other cases were triggered by signage requirements, transportation routes
or schedules, and insurance requirements. She has not seen any conflict over general zoning
requirements. Mr. Moore would like to know the triggers so that we can stay away from those
types of regulations. He has also added that he has not experienced any problems with the haulers
that travel past his home on a frequent basis.
Mr. Conner asked about how many permits have been applied for in Appomattox, and several of
the members answered around 10. Mr. Carwile asked how the county could protect its watersheds
from biosolids contamination. Ms. Cosby answered that zoning ordinances could be used. Mr.
Conner noted that the problem with Appomattox County is that only half of the county drains into
the Chesapeake Bay watershed. Ms. Cosby said additional setbacks could be established and
Chesapeake Bay Act elements adopted. Vice Chairman O’Brien stated that with the Chesapeake
Bay Act, you may end up with additional regulations that may not be desirable. Mr. Carroll noted
that the Board of Supervisors expressed concerns and opposition within its legislative agenda of
the expansion of the Chesapeake Bay Act. The Clerk noted that Chesapeake Bay Local Advisory
Board recently advised that if the Act is expanded to this region, a different set of standards
should be adopted that reflect the level of impact the region has on the Bay.
Chairman Kendrick then asked the Commission whether anything had been brought up in this
meeting that would cause them to change their recommended ordinance. Vice Chairman O’Brien
asked how hauling routes were represented in the ordinance, and the Clerk stated that it was an
item addressed on a case-by-case basis when the Commission makes recommendations on each
permit application. Chairman Sears noted that the members had looked at a business license
approach, but that there was uncertainty about whether it could be used specifically for biosolids
contractors. Mr. Kendrick said that the Board should focus on looking at which provisions are not
triggering points for litigation, but as a whole he feels as though there is not much more that can
be done. Mr. Carwile noted that the Commission’s ordinance was too lenient and that more
restrictions need to be incorporated. Mr. Kendrick did not know if there were areas that could be