238
Mr. Carter asked if we level funded the school last year. Ms. Ferguson stated no we
funded what it took to receive the state and federal funds.
Mr. Carter asked if we are jeopardizing the school by level funding them? Ms. Ferguson
stated that we would have to see what the school Board states after we tell them of the
budget cut. Ms. Ferguson stated that they are proposing a 5.9 percent increase with the
State giving only a 2 percent increase.
Mr. Moore questioned the equalized rate.
Ms. Ferguson stated that some citizens may pay less tax while others pay more, but the
only thing we can do is look at the equalized rate. Ms. Ferguson stated that you cannot
look at this individually.
Mr. Moore stated that home owners will not have of much as a problem paying their
taxes, because their tax rate did not increase as much as it did for land.
Mr. Tanner stated that what Mr. Conrad is speaking of in setting the tax increase lower
sounds great, but we still have short fall. Mr. Tanner wants to know if there are any other
areas or departments that we can ask to cut more from their budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the only way to balance the budget is to use surplus funds.
Mr. Conrad asked if we could possibly take money from surplus and the CIP.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would not suggest doing that. Ms. Ferguson stated that her
suggestion would be the end result of taking funds from CIP account, but not touch the
operating reserve. Ms. Ferguson stated that we can make a debt service payment out of
the CIP account in the amount of 427,381 and level fund school to balance budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we have put money in the CIP account to close the cell out and
we also have borrowed money to close the cell.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we have borrowed 2.5 million to open a new cell and we will
not be opening the cell, and we only use part of this money to close cell I, and we can use
part of this money to fund what is needed to construct the manned sites.
Chairman Craft asked how the salary re-grades where going to be handled. Ms. Ferguson
stated that the $1000 increase is already figured in this budget.
Ms. Ferguson explained that she had asked all the department supervisors in a Supervisor
meeting if they were willing to take a less increase so that other employees would be able
to have a better raise. All of the supervisors were willing to take a less increase so their
employees would have more.