646
continued that the only way that the Board could effectively do their job was to listen to
the voice of the local citizens.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and stated that he felt that it was in order at this point
before any further discussion that he offer a substitute motion to the main motion. Mr.
Carwile asked the Chair if he recognized the substitute motion.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would call Mr. Carwile out of order because there was no
such thing as a substitute motion. Mr. Torrence continued that Mr. Carwile could make
an amendment but that there was no such thing as a substitute motion.
Mr. Carwile stated that there was such a thing as a substitute motion to the main motion.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he would like to take a short recess to review Roberts Rules of
Order before making a decision on this matter.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had no problem with that but the Board had just gone through
a similar issue with Mr. Carwile and that at that time our Attorney had determined that
Mr. Carwile was our of order. Mr. Torrence continued that unless it adds to or deletes
from the main motion it is out of order. Mr. Torrence stated that if Mr. Carwile wanted
to state what the motion was then maybe a determination could be made.
Mr. Carwile said that he was ready to state his motion. He continued that the motion that
Mr. Torrence was referring to, that was ruled out of order, that he still did not necessarily
agree but he bided by the decision, was a privileged motion. “But”, Mr. Carwile
continued, “I’m offering a substitute motion to the main motion and Dennis you have
fooled with this enough to know that it is permissible”.
Mr. Bosiger asked what the substitute motion was.
Mr. Carwile stated,” that the substitute motion is, that he felt so heartfelt about this here,
that the substitute motion was, that this here would be put on a referendum for November
2, 1999, and it would be, build new courthouse or renovate the existing one”.
Mr. Torrence stated that his point of order is simply that Mr. Carwile’s motion is another
totally different motion that has nothing to do with the main motion directly.
At 7:35 P.M. Mr. Bosiger stated that he would call for a recess until he had an
opportunity to review Roberts Rules of Order.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 7:43 P.M. and stated that in order to make sure
that we let all sides have a fair say he will let the substitute motion stand.
Mr. Bosiger called for a second to the motion.