396
© Section 44-2 (H) amends the tax for claiming a licensed dog from $1.00
per day to $5.00 per day, deletes not to exceed five dollars ($5.00),
amends tax for claiming an unlicensed dog from five dollars ($5.00) for
the first day to ten dollars ($10.00) for the first day, and deletes not to
exceed ten dollars ($10.00)
Mr. Roark explained that from a Planning & Zoning standpoint that the Board has for
years wanted staff to look at the fees we charge for services we provide and compare to
what other localities charge for the same services. Over the last couple of years we
have been complying this information and recently we went back to verify and update
this information. Here we have given you a jumping off point. Whether you agree with
some of these charges or not, the fees in Appomattox have not been adjusted in a very
long time. We want to put the cost of zoning on the people who are doing the
developing and not the average citizen. These figures do not recover the costs of the
staff time but it does get close to it. The $400.00 fee for re-zoning may at minimal
cover the costs of staff time and advertising.
Mr. Carter asked if there was a lot of difference between Appomattox County and
Campbell County?
Mr. Roark replied that the new fees would be almost identical to Campbell County’s.
There are a few lesser fees, such as zoning permit Campbell County still does not
charge for a zoning permit.
FEE SCHEDULE:
e A listing of various fees charged by the County for development services was
Presented to each Board Member. These fees from time to time should be
reviewed to insure that the cost of development is not being paid for by the
average citizen and that the developer is paying his “fair share”. This schedule
includes recommendations from the building official, landfill supervisor, E911
coordinator and the planning staff. These fee increases are simply meant to
more closely align our fee structure with those of our neighboring counties and
to reflect the cost of doing business.
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the meeting.
en ae
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman