622
able to hold onto our land even if we don’t have any money. She wants to take care of
the land she has for future generations that come after her.
Jack Wayne Burks, 1495 Horseshoe Road, Appomattox, VA: The thing that has
lead us to the Farm Use program is that whoever hires the land assessors has just taken
their word for what they came up with and uses this is a blanket and assesses the land
at the prices they do. He doesn’t think any one present that farms that doesn’t lose %
of their farm in unused land. (swamps, gullies, bluffs, etc.) He thinks the land assessors
have been wrong for a long time. To get things back into perspective where we can use
the Board needs to hole the assessors “feet to the fire” and see that it is done in a fair
manner, instead of taking figures off of a book somewhere. A prime example is he got
mad one year because he had land that was assessed super high. He went to the
courthouse and looked at the books and John Cole’s farm next to the high school was
assessed at $1,000 per acre. And his was $1500 to $1800 an acre. Some of his land
you cannot even drive a truck on. Another incident is a friend of his told him he asked
the assessor (the last assessor we had) if he looked at every piece of his land and the
answer was “yes sir, I did” to which the landowner replied “I have two acres that we
have never been able to find, I would appreciate your showing me where it is”.
The farmers are not really going to get a break, it sounds like a break, but whatever you
do, in the future you hold the assessor's “feet to the fire” and let them know what you
expect them to do.
Ms. Michelle Ashley, Country Estates Road, Appomattox, VA: The land around
her has recently been developed. She came here a few years ago because she felt this
was a good place to raise her children. She knows what a farmer has to do to make a
living. She knows that people come here for other places and to them, land and taxes
are really cheap. She is a one income family and it is not cheap. She asks that
consideration be given to how to assess the land and fair to everyone in the county.
Ernest Harris, Willow Oaks Road, Appomattox, VA: We do not realize that the
land to a farmer ain’t worth any more than it will produce. Appomattox averages about
70 bushels an acre of corn. At $3.00 a bushel, $210.00 an acre is what that land is
worth to the farmer. If it takes 3 acres to support a cow and calf. The calf right now
would probably bring about $500 or $600 a head. At 3 acres, that piece of land ain't
worth $200. If you go with $300 an acre, we wouldn't be able to stand the number of
folks flocking in here. The only way we can go about this is to give the farmer the tax
break on the land. Assess it at its value but give him the land use tax. The land around
him has been in his family for 100 years. The land across from him was sold and
divided into lots. There are about 75 double-wides and trailers, some stick built houses
on it with about 100 people living there. On any given week-end the sheriff's
department and the rescue squad goes over there because of hollering and shooting,
etc. On Monday morning the school bus goes over there. Look at what this piece of
land is costing the County. You can’t stop it, but you can slow it down and give us a tax
break so we can hold on to our land.
David Stratton, Route 2, Box 27B, Concord, VA: His question to the Board is,
“What is going to happen to the landowners in this County, if the land use does not
pass?” We have heard all this talk about the majority rules, you have heard the majority