340
Ms. Belter stated that the only changes would be in the percentage which is 44 percent
this year, where last year the percentage was 48 percent.
Mr. Overstreet stated that a more comprehensive resolution was done when this
Program first started and each year we do the shorter resolution there after.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is confused on the last bullet of this resolution and asked if Mr.
Overstreet or Ms. Belter could explain this to him. Mr. Conrad stated that the date of
2005 was confusing.
Ms. Belter gave a brief explanation to the Board of the term non-qualifying.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the (PPTRA) Resolution with the correction as
noted by J.G. Overstreet. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #1- Memorandum of Understanding with
the Virginia Cooperative Extension (in Board file) and explained that this MOU was last
approved by the Board of Supervisors in 1997.
Mr. Conrad questioned if the percentages are what qualify you for the tax relief.
Ms. Ferguson stated that it was her understanding that you would qualify with any loss
amount.
Mr. Carter questioned if the amount presented was correct. Ms. Ferguson stated that the
amount that has been provided is correct.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion or if the Board felt any changes needed to be
made to the MOU.
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the MOU as submitted by the Virginia Cooperative
Extension. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Planning Commission Recommendations and called for
any discussion the Board may have.
Chairman Craft presented the recommendation from the Planning Commission on Petition
RZ08003-Mini Ball Lane
For reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the
Appomattox County Planning Commission moves to recommend approval of the petition to
rezone property (TM# 41-5-2, 2A, 5A, & 5C) from R-1 to A-1 as submitted.