636
building, the rear building and putting a potbellied stove back in the middle of the
courtroom because that is what the courtroom was like in 1897. In conclusion Mr.
Thomas asked the Board to consider the numbers and look very hard at the cost.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Eston Harvey to come forward.
Mr. Harvey came forward and gave his address as State Route 643, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Harvey began by saying that the first thing that came to his mind was how
fortunate Appomattox County was to have five people who exposed themselves to the
kind of hard decisions, criticism and everything else that the Board had to endure. Mr.
Harvey stated that Mr. Moses had struck a cord with him by saying that the people in the
County needed an opportunity to express themselves. Mr. Harvey continued that that
was going to be hard because even after reviewing the plans he was still confused. Mr.
Harvey stated that he felt there was going to be a problem getting the information before
the people so that they could understand it. Mr. Harvey stated that the five members of
the Board had been elected to serve the citizens of the County and he did not understand
how the Judges had more influence as to what happened to the courthouse than the
people did. Mr. Harvey continued that he was perfectly content with the Board of
Supervisors making this decision.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Bill Jamerson to come forward.
Mr. Jamerson came forward and gave his address and P. O. Box 92, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Jamerson began by saying that he was in favor of renovating the
Courthouse and he would like to make some comments about why he supports that
option. Mr. Jamerson said that he had made some notes as he listened to others speak
and he would like to comment on some of the statements that have been made. Mr.
Jamerson read the headlines from an ad placed in the Times-Virginian -OUR
HISTORICAL COURTHOUSE IN DANGER OF BEING DESTROYED. Mr. Jamerson
stated that he felt people were being misled with statements like this. He continued that
he had not heard anyone make statements concerning destroying the Courthouse. Mr.
Jamerson stated that everyone that he had spoken with wanted to preserve the Courthouse
and make it more usable for the Courts. Mr. Jamerson commented that one comment that
he had heard was that the best way to preserve the Courthouse was to use the Courthouse.
Mr. Jamerson stated that if you want the Courthouse to go down quit using it. Mr.
Jamerson continued that he was not in favor of a referendum. Mr. Jamerson stated that
he did not feel that you could communicate the plans to the people well enough for them
to make an informed decision. Mr. Jamerson said that he trusted the Board to make the
right decision after hearing the comments from the people.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Claude Allen Moore to come forward.
Mr. Moore gave his address as Route 3, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Moore began that the
people that had spoken before him had stolen about everything that he had wanted to say.
Mr. Moore continued that he did not envy the Board the decision that was before them to
make. Mr. Moore stated that the Board was elected to do a job and that he felt they