333
Mr. Sanmy Scott
Mr. Sonny Tolley
Mr. Winfred Nash
Also Present:
Mr. Jack Thomas, Superintendent of Schools
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 6:03 p.m.
Mr. Jamerson stated that the purpose of the meeting was to answer am
questions that School Board members may have concerning the action of
the Board of Supervisors on the Middle School project.
Mr. Jamerson continued saying that Dr. Thomas had asked who would bk
responsible for borrowing the first one million dollars that the Boar
of Supervisors has approved. Mr. Jamerson said the Board did no
address this matter but he feels the School Board should borrow th
money.
Octo
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chairman and requested permission to speak
Mr. Carwile began by stating that the Board of Supervisors had take!
action authorizing funding for renovation of the Middle School include
in this motion was authorization to fund a sports complex. Mr. Carwil
continued by saying that this was a decision made by four (4) of th
Board members, he alone voted no because he views this from a differen
perspective. Mr. Carwile is concerned that this decision was no
brought before the people for public hearing. He is also concerne
that the Board of Supervisors did not take the School Boards views int
consideration when making this decision. Mr. Carwile feels a
educators the School Board is in a better position to define the need
of the school system than the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Carwile feel!
that there are viable options that have not been considered. Mr’
Carwile does not understand why the rush to make this decision sinc
most of this project will not be funded until 1996. Mr. Carwil
addressed the School Board members by stating that he could not fing
anything that compelled them to borrow this money now. Mr. Carwil
continued by saying that action taken by the Board of Supervisors woul
put the County down the road many years before they could have a ne
middle school. Mr. Carwile stated that he was only asking that goo
sound judgement prevail.
f-O- Set eaebore() nO Fa () am () mac me (7 8es
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone else had any comments?
Dr. Poe asked if the action taken at the November Board meeting wai
still the action that the Board of Supervisors wished the School Boar
to proceed with.
lormet
Mr. Jamerson stated that there has been no discussion to change the
Boards decision. Mr. Jamerson understood the purpose of this meeting
was to answer questions not bring up the issue. The decision has been
made.