590
Mr. Overstreet stated that we have the authority to waiver the bond requirement, but
not the fee as we have done in the past.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the application for a
Musical and Entertainment Permit to allow the Cross Country Hunt Club to hold turkey
shoots every Saturday from March 3 — November 10 during the hours of 12:30 p.m. to
6:00 p.m. and to waive the bond requirement fee but not the permit fee of $25.00 per
day. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. The American Legion Post 104: Ms. Ferguson has spoken with James A.
Owen, Post 104 Commander and Jesse Osborne several times over the last two
weeks concerning the request made by the Board of Supervisors. Commander
Owen has written a letter, and also provided a Financial Report on the income
and expenditures related to the installation of the Wall of Honor.
Commander Owen and several members of Post 104 will be available to answer
any questions the Board may have.
Mr. Craft thanked Mr. Owens for clearing up these questions and getting this issue “off
the table”.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Owens for his informative letter and also their indulgence.
5. Membership on the Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors: At a
previous meeting the Board was provided with a letter from the Appomattox
Chamber of Commerce requesting that a member of the Board of Supervisors
serve on the Chamber Board. Action is needed on this request.
Mr. Carter has spoken with each member of the Board of Supervisors and they
appreciate the opportunity to serve on the Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors,
but they decline from serving on this Board as it may present a conflict of interest in the
future.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to have Ms. Ferguson notify the
Chamber of Commerce of the Board’s decision to decline the invitation to appoint a
member to serve on the Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors at this time. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
6. Land Use Taxation Assessment: In light of Mark Campbell’s presentation on
January 29, 2007, how does the Board wish to proceed with the matter of Land
Use Taxation. Do you wish to hold a public comment session or draft an
ordinance and hold a public hearing.
Mr. Conrad commented that this is probably one of our tougher issues, as we certainly
have a lot of citizens that are basically farmers and they are certainly affected by this.