194
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Appomattox County
Chamber of Commerce for funding to pay personnel to work the museum.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, no funding was approved
to pay personnel at the museum.
Mr. Paulette then presented requested renovations from the Health
Department for the Doctor’s Building.
After a lengthy discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to contact the
Health Department and explain what items the Board of Supervisors
agreed to do.
Mr. Paulette moved to the additional items and presented several
additional supplemental appropriation requests.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $3,789,949.00 from the VPSA Bond for middle school
construction. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to pay a claim to
June Johnson for $300.00 for three (3) sheep killed by stray dogs.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate $240.16
from Courthouse Maintenance Fund for the month of December 1996. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read a request from the General District Court for three
mats.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
purchase three (3) chairmats for General District Court from Couthouse
Maintenance after prices has been checked. $61.77 was appropriated.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained an executive session was necessary to discuss a
personnel matter.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session at 8:08 P.M. to discuss a personnel matter. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence, seconded by Mr. Carwile, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:30 P.M. Vote: