660
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. Bryan David to come and address the Board.
Mr. David stated that he and Mr. Christie have been visiting all the local government bodies to
express thanks for the financial support and their very valuable time. Mr. David stated that he
has been very impressed by this support.
Mr. David stated that he would give a brief overview of what is going on in the Region. He
stated that the recession has affected us all. Mr. David reported that the unemployment rate for
the County is at 7.1 percent and is now slowing down. Mr. David stated that the good news on
the economy is that this region leads the state in job growth. Mr. David then passed out a study
for each Board member to review and then he stated that the study validates that the region is
making a difference.
Mr. David stated that we are at an interesting crossroads with economic development. We must
have ready to go sites; we are moving into a more technology based economic development
program and we need to know how to provide leadership to high school graduates who have
interest in beginning a business.
Mr. David thanked the Board for allowing him to come and speak and then called for any
questions.
Mr. Tanner stated that this Board is trying to put infrastructure in place and to please point
people in the Appomattox direction.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. David and Mr. Christie and then presented Administrative Item
#1- FY2010 State Reductions. Chairman Conrad stated that the County Administrator received
information on September 21, 2009 regarding the Governor’s FY10 Budget Reduction Plan
Implementation. He stated that it is a lengthy document that does not leave any department
unscathed. He stated that the County Administrator has provided a list of specific local funds
that are being reduced in FY10 by additional amounts. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that Ms. Ferguson is working with these departments.
Mr. Tanner stated he was in favor of letting the process go forward and have the County
Administrator work with these departments and come back with a final total.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until final totals are received.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she has a full report on this issue at the office if any of the Board wants
to review.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#2 — Request for Abandonment of an old section
of Route 654, He stated that the Virginia Department of Highways Assistant Residency
Administrator, Robert G. Brown had contacted the County Administrator with a request for
abandonment of an old section of Route 654 that was discontinued for maintenance due to the