286
present us with a balanced budget where the tax rate would stay at $.66
per hundred. We knew it would be tough and it would be tight. In
conjunction with that, we sent letters to the Constitutional Officers and
other organizations asking them to not come before the Board asking for
additional money for the simple reason that the nation as well as the state
is in a turmoil and we are no different as a locality. We need something to
enhance our tax base. With that, the monies set forth in this county has to
be distributed and accounted for equally and in a productive and efficient
manner. At this time the Board has come to a consensus that the FY04
budget be adopted as it stands.
Mr. Carwile stated he is still speaking for the people he represents in
wanting to know why we support the Chamber of Commerce when it is
not a government function.
Mr. Carter at this time recognized Mr. Bill Burke who stated he would like
to answer Mr. Carwile’s question.
Mr. Burke began by stating the Chamberisa group of local business
people and individuals that are interested in supporting the County and
Town. Their main concern right now is tourism. If they can get the
tourism dollars in here, and we need more money to attract them, our tax
rate could be reduced probably to $.55 or even lower than that. We need
to get something going to attract people and keep them here . If you invest
in it, you will get a return, it is a small amount of money being asked for.
The Chamber is not a government entity, but it is a body of business
people and community leaders who are for the people and by the people.
We support the government agencies in the community and we expect
them to support us too.
Mr. Carter also recognized Mr. Rich Guild who wished to comment.
Mr. Guild wanted to point out that most governments do, in fact, support
tourism through a private or their own locally governed group because
they recognize the value of it. The only reason you would give money to
the chamber would be to support tourism because you do not have
tourism program yourselves.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Guild if he would support a County tourism effort?
Mr. Guild stated that if the County were to establish it’s own tourism
office, it would cost approximately $100,000 to $150,000.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to have Mr. Carroll
look over the budget for an additional $12,000 to be allocated for
Tourism. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)