282
Mr. Guild also stated that the Chamber of Commerce was involved
in the following: They are a marketing tool for tourism. He also
pointed out 10 ways the County gets a return on their investment in
the Chamber of Commerce. He estimates that the Appomattox
County website brings in approximately $100,000 per year in
sales. This is based on the fact that he used to be an owner in the
Babcock House and used to ask everyone that came in how they
found us. The County does draw revenue from Sales Tax. Mr.
Guild stated that the $13,000 the County gave to the Chamber had
nothing to do with the hiring of a Tourism Director. The County of
Appomattox, the Town of Appomattox and the Town of Pamplin
need to work together to make tourism happen. He will be willing
to work with whomever is doing tourism, but the Chamber of
Commerce should not be totally cut out of the tourism planning
process.
Mr. Guild handled the Board some petitions signed by concerned
citizens who are in favor of the County continuing to fund the
Chamber.
Ms. Debbie Powell came forward stating she is coming as a citizen
of the County who happens to be on the Tourism taskforce. The
taskforce has spent two years working on a tourism plan, not
finalized as yet. She is not a member of the Chamber or the
Chamber Board, but they have had the total cooperation of the
Chamber in planning for tourism. Most of the members of the
Chamber Board have been there for a very long time, probably
longer than most of the Board of Supervisors. They are truly
dedicated and will probably be there long after the rest of us have
gone on to other things. She is asking that everyone get on the
same team and all play ball together. The Board voted to support
the resolution supporting the Tourism Taskforce and she would
like to see the county, town and chamber and the tourism taskforce
all headed in the same direction. There are a lot of things on the
table, ready to happen, but if we pull the plug on the Chamber,
none of these things will happen. They cannot do these without
funding.
Ms. Powell also shared a list of things that they are working on at
the present time.
Ms. Marcy Jones wished to address the Board. Every year she, her
mother and her sisters travel to different cities and spend money.
They go to the places that have history, places that have Bed and
Breakfast Inns, and places that have nice little cafes for dining.
We havea lot of this right here in our County. She would love to