059
attendance at all County Schools totals 2,276 students and
noted the number of students enrolled has decreased slightly
compared to last year’s attendance of 2,294 students. Mr.
Jamerson asked if there were any questions for Dr. Thomas.
Mr. Carwile asked if Dr. Thomas could explain the decreased
enrollment. Dr. Thomas’ replied their waS no apparent
abnormal reason for the decreased enrollment. Mr. Jamerson
asked if there were other questions. Hearing none, Mr.
Jamerson thanked and excused Dr. Thomas and called Mr. Jeff
Crate of Draper Aden to present and discuss the draft
Engineering Report on the feasibility of a regional landfill
for Buckingham, Nelson, and Appomattox County.
Mr. Crate accompanied by Mrs. Lyn Corey presented an
executive summary of the report and reviewed some of the
important findings. The Summary compared the relative costs
of each of the three (3) Counties to operate separate and
individual landfills, for the Counties to develop and operate
a regional landfill, and for each County to use a private
landfill in Amelia either with individual or regional
transfer site(s).
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Bill Sperry from Chamber’s Inc.
Mr. Sperry accompanied by Ms. Susan Ehrhart explained the
construction status of Chamber’s landfill in Amelia. Their
Landfill site consists of over 1000 acres and has a capacity
to dispose of 43,000,000 c.y. of waste. Mr. Sperry continued
by explaining the design features of the landfill. The first
cell of 12 acres is scheduled to be completed and operational
by January or February of 1993. Ms. Ehrhart further
explained the gate fee would be in the range of $28.00-$30.00
per ton and transportation cost from Appomattox to Amelia
would be approximately $8. to $9. per ton. Also, Chambers
would be willing to enter in a 20 year contract with costs
tied to the consumer price index or some other mutually
agreed to index. After considerable discussion and several
questions, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Sperry and
Ms. Ehrhart and called Mr. Buddy Conner.
Mr. Conner spoke reminding the Board EPA requirements were
often traumatic and expensive and, therefore, he opposed a
regional landfill in Appomattox County.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Franklin Vaughan. Mr. Vaughan
said that since he had "served on the Board for 12 years he
had a better understanding of the feeling of the citizens of
Appomattox County than the current Board members". Mr.
Vaughan continued by pointing out that in 1990 Appomattox
County joined 11 other jurisdictions for a regional landfill
study and that he was surprised to learn the current Board
was again revisiting this concept. Mr. Vaughan also reminded
the Board that in 1988 about 4800 citizens signed a petition
opposing a private landfill in Appomattox County accepting
waste generated outside the County boundaries. Mr. Vaughan
concluded by stating he opposed a regional or _ private
landfill in Appomattox County. He urged the Board to "follow
King Solomons example and ask for God’s wisdom in discerning
that which is good or bad and ask for God’s wisdom to do