268
After much discussion, the Board asked that the Planning Commission reconsider the
“Mobile and manufacturing homes as accessory buildings, so as not to be too restrictive
on the residents of the County.
By consensus, the Board decided to send this recommendation back to the Planning
Commission based on the out of sight-out of mind, rules and regulations governing more
than one mobile home in one location.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve and send to public
hearing the recommendation of the Planning Commission to amend the Appomattox
County Code as follows and hold a Public Hearing on May 19, 2003: Article XV —
Special Provisions for Certain Uses, §170-36 Conditional Uses, paragraph B (8) “Mobile
homes, provided that the mobile home is used to house a specific named elderly [over
sixty-five (65) years of age] or infirmed family members(s) and a statement of non-
objection signed and notarized by all adjoining property owners and/or residents. A
statement of compliance signed and notarized by the property owner shall be filed
annually with the zoning administrator.” VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
2. Budget FY04:
The Board received the proposed budget for FY04 and has heard from those
departments and agencies that wished to speak concerning the proposed budget.
Does the Board wish to discuss or possibly revise the proposed budget? A Iso
enclosed is the revised budget schedule.
The General Assembly accepted the Governor’s request for a 2.25% increase in
Teachers salary which amounts to an increase of State Funds in approximately
$49,000, and would have a match of approximate $20,000 in local funds. The
budget as presented has sufficient funds allocated to make the $20,000 match.
Mr. Carroll explained the proposed schedule for the finalizing of the FY04 Budget.
Mr. Carwile questioned the amount to be placed in the CIP fund.
At the conclusion of the discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to schedule a Public Hearing on the proposed FY04 Budget for May 19, 2003.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Kendrick also made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to follow the Revised FY04
Budget Schedule with a Board Work Session on Thursday, May 15, 2003. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye. (4 aye votes,
1 absent)
Mr.Kendrick next call for action on the Agenda Items: (Items 3-6)
3. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented.