261
There was some discussion regarding the programs that will be affected by the funding
level proposed. There was also some discussion regarding the purchase of new buses for
the upcoming year. These were issues that they were not asking for this year in order to
tighten up the budget as much as possible.
The School system had 24 handicapped students last year. This year they are going to
have to have a teacher for the hearing impaired, plus additional occupational therapists
which amount to an additional $57,000 they did not include in the budget. We will have
to have these, even if this means cutting something else out.
Mr. Selz closed by thanking the Board and hoping they can get things worked out
together.
There was a short question and answer session regarding school buses, administrative
salaries, driver’s education, debt service, and the number of students expected this
coming year.
Mr. Carter next called upon Ms. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Court to discuss her
budget requests for the FY2004 Budget.
Ms. Williams b egan by stating that at first glance it appears her b udget has increased
greatly over last year, but it really has not. Effective January 1, 2003 the salaries of her
staff were included with the County’s budget, with reimbursement by the Compensation
Board. They also received a cut in October of last year and the Board of Supervisors
graciously picked that up. For this she thanks the Board. She also thanks the Board for
what they are going to do this year. She understands there will be another cut in her
funds this year, but it will not be a great as she had anticipated. She has not received all
the information regarding this. She will get with Mr. Carroll when she finds out the
exactly dollar figure of these cuts. She does know that these will amount of $4,000 -
$5,000 less than originally anticipated. Ms. Williams explained that was due in part
because they collect a $3.00 fee on each item they record in the office. This is
Technology Trust money When this was implemented by the State Legislature it was
solely for upgrading or installing computer equipment in the offices. She was able to
install $69,000 worth of equipment with no cost to the County. The State has now taken
part of this money and placed it in the General Fund and this was why the cut will not be
a great as originally anticipated.
The Circuit Courtroom budget has a couple of things that we are not using at the present
time, such as Courtroom equipment and a maintenance contract which she is going to
terminate as they are no longer using that equipment. A new type of equipment will be
installed in the new courtroom upon completion.
The only other thing she wished to discuss is that they are going into the fourth year
without any raises for her staff. If raises are considered, she would hope that her staff
would be considered as well as other personnel. She presently has one full-time