562
son and his grandchildren. Mr. Elliott continued that maybe a family exemption would
be given but he was still concerned. Mr. Elliott stated that he was not opposed to zoning
but he was opposed to the Board taking one situation and penalizing the whole County.
Mr. Elliott suggested that the Board restrict the people that were causing the problem.
Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing closed at 7:30 P.M.
Garet K. Bosiger Chairman
The organizational meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
January 4, 1999 at 7:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
This being the Annual Organizational Meeting, the meeting was called to order at 7:00
P.M. by the County Administrator. The invocation was given by Mr. Bosiger and
nominations for Chairman of the Board were requested. Mr. Carter nominated Mr.
Bosiger as Chairman of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1999. Mr.
Carwile seconded the nomination. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, abstained; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger accepted the appointment and thanked the other members of the Board for
their confidence.
Mr. Bosiger opened the floor for nominations for Vice-Chairman. Mr. Moore nominated
Mr. Carter as Vice Chairman of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1999.
Mr. Torrence seconded the nomination. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, abstained;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter accepted the nomination.
Mr. Torrence and Mr. Carwile thanked Mr. Moore for his past service as Vice-Chairman
and Mr. Bosiger for again accepting the position as Chairman.
C