Elizabeth Edwards
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 7:02 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the Public Hearing and stated to those in attendance that the
Public Hearing was not the proper place for asking questions or engaging in discussion on the
petitions presented. Those persons wishing to speak for or against a petition would be permitted
to come forward and address the Board. Any questions or discussion would take place during the
Planning Commission meeting. Mr. Kendrick then turned the meeting over to Mr. Brandon
Stidham, County Planner.
Mr. Stidham read the first petition.
01-471 - Ronnie Bryant: Conditional Use Permit to allow public hunting preserve per ยง170-
34(A)(32) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 615
between Route 686 and Route 616, Tax Map #s 19(A)50, and 19(A)50A, and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for the petition.
Mr. Ronnie D. Bryant of Appomattox, VA came forward and stated his property is located
approximately 1 % miles off Route 615 containing approximately 125 acres which he would like
to tun into a hunting preserve.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments for the petition. Hearing none, he called for comments
against the petition.
Mr. Fred Underwood of Route 3, Box 249, Appomattox came forward. Mr. Underwood is not
sure if he is for or against the petition, but he is concerned with the development of their
neighborhood. He believes a person should be allowed to do whatever they wanted to with their
land so long as it does not adversely effect the neighbors. Mr. Bryant has been a good neighbor.
He has had a lot of adverse relationships with hunters and he is concerned about bringing people
from outside to hunt in this neighborhood.
Mr. Stidham called for further comments on this petition.
Mr. Stidham then read the next petition.
01-472 - Robert & Gail Bruhnsen: Conditional Use Permit to place second dwelling on lot per
ยง170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 679
between Route 648 and Route 647, Tax Map #96(A)8, and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Stidham called for comments favoring this petition.