407
such occurrence with each National Repository or the Municipal Securities Rulemaking
Board and each State Repository, if any, with a copy to the Authority.
SECTION 6. Termination of Reporting Obligation. _The Local Issuer’s
obligations under this Disclosure Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of
the legal defeasance or final retirement of all the Local School Bonds.
SECTION 7. Dissemination Agent. The Local Issuer may, from time to time,
appoint or engage a Dissemination Agent to assist it in carrying out its obligations under
this Disclosure Agreement and may discharge any such Agent with or without appointing
a successor Dissemination A gent. T he Local Issuer shall advise the A uthority of any
such appointment or discharge. If at any time there is no any other designated
Dissemination Agent, the Local Issuer shall be the Dissemination Agent.
SECTION 8. Amendment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Disclosure Agreement, the Local Issuer may amend this Disclosure Agreement, if such
amendment has been approved in writing by the Authority and is supported by an opinion
of independent counsel, acceptable to the Authority, with expertise in federal securities
laws, to the effect that such amendment is permitted or required by the Rule.
SECTION 9. Additional Information. Nothing in this Disclosure Agreement
shall be deemed to prevent the Local Issuer from disseminating any other information,
using the means of dissemination set forth in this Disclosure Agreement or any other
means of communication, or including any other information in any Annual Report or
notice of occurrence of a Listed Event, in addition to that which is required by this
Disclosure A greement. Ifthe Local Issuer chooses to include any information in any
Annual Report or notice of occurrence of a Listed Event in addition to that which is
specifically required by this Disclosure Agreement, such Local Issuer shall have not
obligation under this Agreement to update such information or include it in any future
Annual Report or notice of occurrence of a Listed Event.
SECTION 10: Default. Any person referred to in Section 11 (other than the
Local Issuer) may be necessary and appropriate, including seeking mandate or specific
performance by court order, to cause the Local Issuer to file its Annual Report or to give
notice of a Listed Event. The Authority may, and the holders of not less than a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds outstanding may, take such actions as may be
necessary and appropriate, including seeking mandate or specific performance by court
order, to challenge the adequacy of any information provided pursuant to this Disclosure
Agreement, or to enforce any other obligation of the Local Issuer hereunder. A default
under this Disclosure Agreement shall not be deemed an event of default under the
applicable resolution or bonds of the Local Issuer, and the sole remedy under this
Disclosure Agreement in the event of any failure of the Local Issuer to comply herewith
shall be an action to compel performance. Nothing in this provision shall be deemed to
restrict the rights or remedies of any holder pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or other applicable laws.