622
Schedule (01)
EXHIBIT D
LESSEE RESOLUTION
RE: Lease With Option to Purchase Agreement dated as of August 28, 2009, between Kansas State Bank of
Manhattan (Lessor) and Appomattox County (Lessee)
At a duly called meeting of the Governing Body of the Lessee (as defined in the Agreement) held on
the following resolution was Introduced and adopted:
BE IT RESOLVED by the Governing Body of Lessee as follows:
4. Determination of Need. “The Governing Body of Lessee has determined that a true and very real need exists for the
acquisition of the Equipment déscribed on Exhibit A of the Lease With Option to Purchase Agreement dated as of
August 28, 2009, between Appomattox County (Lessee) and Kansas State Bank of Manhattan (Lessor).
2. Approval and Authorization. The Governing Body of Lessee has determined that the Agreement, substantially In the
form presented to this meeting, Is In the best interests of the Lessee for the acquisition of such Equipment, and the
Governing Body hereby approves the entering into of the Agreement by the Lessee and hereby designates and
authorizes the following person(s) to execute and deliver the Agreement on Lessee’s behalf with such changes thereto
as such person(s) deem(s) appropriate, and any related documents, including any Escrow Agreement, necessary to
the consummation of the transaction contemplated by the Agreement.
Authorized Individual(s):;__Al unt) t Ir
(Printed or Typed Name and Title of individual(s) authorized to execute the Agreement)
3. Adoption of Resolution. The signatures below from the designated individuals from the Governing Body of the
Lessee evidence the adoption by the Governing Body of this Resolution.
Signature: YP
(Signature of Secretary, Board Chairman or other member of the Governing Body) .
'
Typed Name & Title sp
(Typed Name and Title of Individual who signed directly above)
Attested By: \0
{Signature of one person who can the of this Resolution)
Typed Namo & Titl
(Typed name of Individual who signed directly above)
Chairman Conrad next presented a revised job description for the Recycle Coordinator which
better describes the actual duties of this position and stated that Ms. Rockefeller is requesting
that the Board approve this job description prior to her filling this vacant position.
Mr. Carter questioned if the duty of working on grant applications was added to this description.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the grant writing that is referred to, would be strictly for the recycle
grant and a small grant for training related to our insurance. Mr. Carter also stated that he did
not see anywhere in this description stating they needed computer skills and he is sure they will
be needed. Ms. Rockefeller stated that she felt that computer skills falls under administrative
skills; however the computer skills can be added.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the presented job description of the Recycle Coordinator
contingent upon adding computer skills. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.