590
Chairman Conrad presented Additional Item #2B- Broadband Authority and explained that as a
follow up to the presentation of Brian David, Mr. John Spencer has provided some information
concerning EDA discussion on the matter of Broadband Authority and also Mr, Spencer has
provided information on Amherst County’s initiative. Chairman Conrad stated that the Board
needed to instruct staff as to the direction that they wished to take concerning a Broadband
Authority.
Chairman Conrad stated that the Board may want to take this information and review, then bring
back to the next board meeting.
Mr. Craft asked that if there was a deadline that this decision needed to be made due to receiving
monies from the tobacco grants.
Mr. Spencer stated that the Board may want to review this information and come to him with any
questions that they may have or contact Mr. Overstreet with questions.
Mr. Carter questioned if the EDA was going to continue to investigate into this. Mr. Spencer
stated that the EDA would be continuing to look at this and that they would be receiving the
same information that the Board has been given.
It was the consensus of the Board to review the information provided and place this item on the
August 3TM Agenda.
Chairman Conrad presented Additional Item #2C — Economic Development Director Interviews
and stated that fourteen applications have been received for this position and the elimination
process will begin the week of July 27". Chairman Conrad stated that a memo has been provided
by Mr. Spencer on the desires of the EDA for this position.
Mr. Carter questioned the cut off dates for accepting applications for this position. Ms. Ferguson
stated that when this position was advertised there was no cut off date for accepting applications.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we will continue to accept applications until this position is filled.
Mr. Craft questioned if the interviews would be in closed session. Mr. Overstreet stated that the
interview process would need to be in closed session.
It was the consensus of the Board to proceed with the process of hiring an Economic
Development Director.
Chairman Conrad next presented the Consent Agenda and called for comments or discussion.
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Bills
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
Clerk of the Circuit Court