oO
DO
Ww
and hold a Public Hearing on May 21. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick asked Mr. Earl Pickett of the Appomattox County School Board to come forward to
answer some questions the Board of Supervisors has regarding the School Budget.
Mr. Carwile expressed interest in the difference between last years budget and the proposed budget
for this coming year.
Mr. Pickett stated the actual budget is less in matching local dollars.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Moore wanted to know what the ADM (Average Daily Membership) would be
for this year?
The School has projected 2346 whereas the State projection is 2328. State funding is based on the
March 31° ADM.
Mr. Kendrick would like some explanation on the School Construction Grant Funds. Can this be
used for debt retirement? What is this money being used for?
There was a lengthy discussion regarding what these funds can be used for. These monies can be
used for debt service and can be rolled over under certain circumstances.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Pickett, Mr. Perrow and Dr. Krug.
Mr. Carroll presented some points of consideration on up-to-date changes in the FY 2002 Budget
and the differences between the previous budget and the one presented for consideration at this time.
There were several questions raised regarding the School Board figures for matching funds.
Mr. Carroll also presented some changes to the revenue projections for FY 2002.
Mr. Kendrick suggested that another work session be held to get more information on the FY 2002
budget as it is the feeling of the entire Board that the tax rate not be raised, but at the same time, not
have to cut too deeply into the School Budget. The members basically agreed to meet on Saturday,
May 12" at 12:00 P.M.
Supervisor’s Concerns: Mr. Kendrick asked if anyone had anything to discuss.
Mr. Carwile is concerned with the expense of creating a website for the public. In the past the
minutes have been placed in the Clerk’s Office as other permanent records, available to the public.
Also not everyone has access to the Internet.
Mr. Carwile stated that in February of 2000, there was much concern regarding funding for the
Courthouse renovation. He has been in touch with Daniel Gecker, the gentleman who actually wrote