644
Board. She received the same curt answers that basically stated this was over and done
with. The machines we had purchased were not basically safe or secure. She does not
feel there is anything we can do at this point, other than to lobby next year in hopes of
getting this decision reversed.
Ms. Smith passed out a handout containing the information presented by the Electoral
Board.
PROBLEM:
The General Assembly passed a bill (actually two bills) which if it stands will ultimately
saddle the county with a $100,000.00 bill. Our objective is to minimize the ultimate cost
and defer it as long as possible. We want to let you know how we intend to do that.
Someone with an unknown agenda ram-rodded these bills through the General
Assembly. They passed by large margins. In essence they forbid the local jurisdictions
from buying replacements (in kind) for our current voting machines. These machines
have two properties that are considered unacceptable by the group with the agenda.
First, there is no voter verifiable paper trail with this machine and the machines talk to
each other during election using a broad band wireless network. They could have forbid
further use of these machines, but then they would have to find the replacement
machines. To solve this problem the localities are authorized to continue using the
machines until there are no longer enough of them to conduct an election. Then
different machines will have to be purchased.
STATUS:
The County owns 34 of these machines, which are still under manufacturers warranty.
We use 25 at each election so we have nine spares. We like these machines, and as far
as I know they have been readily accepted by the voters. As for the Voter Verifiable
paper trail, these machines are better than the old lever machines. The wireless
network is also a non issue. To minimize the cost to the county the Electoral Board
intends to use these machines until they die.
PLAN:
Maintain the warrantee in force for the current machines. (We have had two fixed
under warrantee so far.) The current cost to have all of the machines under warrantee
for a year is in the neighborhood of $3,500.00 per year. We can fix them, but we can’t
replace them. When we get to the point where the machines are no longer repairable
(10-20 years) we will abandon this system and buy a complete new system. (Operating
two different voting systems in the same election is an invitation to errors).
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Smith and the Electoral Board for coming to the meeting and
explaining the recent changes made by the General Assembly.
Mr. Carter reminded everyone of the UPCOMING MEETINGS:
Monday, April 16, 2007
Public Hearing on Proposed FY08 Budget @ 6:00 p.m.
Regular Scheduled Meeting @ 6:30 p.m.
Community Center