446
got the money to put the waterline from the Campbell County line to service the three
industries that are on Mt. Athos Road. We should not be too short-sighted. Appomattox
County is probably the only county around us that does not have a water system and a
PSA. They saw a need for water and they had a vision that this was the only way these
counties were going to grow. He thinks Appomattox is got to have this same vision.
We will not make it without water. The only way to cut our tax bills is to have industry
that supports the system. That is the issue.
Sue Lawson asked what the possibility was of connecting to the town system.
Fred Jones talked about drilling wells for Thomasville facility.
Emmitt Knight asked how would we control the cost of getting water from Campbell
County? Can we negotiate a long term contract?
Kevin O’Brien stated he did not dispute the need for a PSA, he thinks there is too
much politics in the system we have right now. We are too many years behind times.
Tim Matlack, 1607 Blackberry Lane, Appomattox, VA: He referenced Mr.
Conner’s statement about negotiating a long term contract. If we should have a cost
adjustment increase on a monthly basis, what happens if the amount of power and fuel
it takes to run this operation goes through the ceiling, isn’t there such a thing as “fuel
adjustment costs and operating costs” that will be added on the their bills. How you can
tell them there will be a fixed rate.
Mr. Overstreet stated that you negotiate a contract over a long period of time. This
will depend on the locality you are dealing with and how they are willing to bargain with
us. They may say we are going to charge our citizens according to these factors, which
may include increased prices because of fuel cost, etc. and we will charge you the same
rate. This is all a part of the negotiation process.
Mr. Coviello would like to ask some questions regarding the PSA after the close of the
hearing.
At 7:22 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Comments Session.
At 7:35 p.m. Mr. Carter stated the need to hold a short Board Meeting and reconvened
the meeting.
Mr. Carter introduced Ms. Jillian D. Mitchel who has a proposal for the use of the old
courthouse building.
Ms. Mitchel stated she is the owner of the Appomattox Gallery and the Appomattox Tea
Room located in the old hardware store building and also the Longacre Bed and
Breakfast on Church Street. She is sincerely interested in leasing the old courthouse
building. Her primary vision for this building would be to create a venue for a theater.
This would be a place where local talent could be expressed for mystery and historical
dramas, and other historical era plays. In addition she would like this building to