342
disposed of at the landfill. He would like to know what you are supposed to do with
these units when they are no longer useable.
Mr. Carroll will try to find out where these can be disposed of and get back in touch with
Mr. Woody.
One gentleman who did not give his name stated that all he knew was what he had read
in the newspaper and he could not understand what he had read. He was not able to
determine if this was about single-wides, double-wides, or whatever. If someone dies
that lives in one of these units, and there is a 30 day time period in which to remove the
unit, if you cannot sell it to someone for use other than living quarters, what do you do
with it? The landfill won’t take it, so how are you suppose to dispose of it?
Mr. Carter attempted to clarify things. The question raised is in reference to housing for
the elderly/infirmed family member. As long as it is sitting there unoccupied, it still
remains a dwelling until a request is made to use it for some other purpose. This does not
in any way effect the use of mobile homes as dwellings, only those used as
accessory/storage buildings.
Mr. Gerald Hodges stated he had something else to say on this matter. Has anyone
thought of the legal aspects of this. His daughter had a mobile home next to a relative.
The relative declared bankruptcy. His daughter could not rent the trailer and therefore,
the trailer had to sit there for almost a year.
Mr. Kevin Barksdale — Lynhill Lane, Appomattox. — As he understands, this is a joint
public hearing with the Planning Commission. We will or will not allow these mobile
homes to be used as storage units. Most people will want to keep these as they cannot
afford to be spending upwards of $5,000 for storage sheds. If they are willing to keep up
appearances and/or setbacks, then they should be allowed to keep them. The Planning
Commission should take what has been said tonight and re-do this ordinance and when it
is published in the newspaper clarify exactly what it is that will be changed so people will
not misunderstand all of these ordinances.
Mr. Clarence W oody — He suggests that for those persons who do not understand the
ordinances, copies of these be available for those who wish to have this in writing. Also
on Amendment to 170-36 - does he understand that there is a age limit of 65 years on
this elderly/infirmed person.
Mr. Stidham stated there was no age limit on this section of the zoning ordinance.
At 7:56 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for a short recess.
At 8:06 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the meeting.