693
100% of parents that responded to their survey stated that they have seen a positive life style in
their children after attending camp. Ms. Tillotson stated that this year they had 176 students
attend camp, and conducting this camp were 15- Counselors; 22-Teen Leaders; 20-Adult
Volunteers that participated. Ms. Tillotson next gave a brief explanation of the Horse Forum
which was held in Amherst County and stated that 22 students participated in the program from
the Central Virginia area. Ms. Tillotson called for questions from the Board.
With no questions from the Board, Ms. Evelyn Ferguson came forward and explained the 4-H
Food and Nutrition Program. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has a case load of approximately 1000
students that are serviced in the program that range from ages 3-19. Ms. Ferguson stated that all
groups and clubs receive a minimum of six hours of nutrition education. Ms. Ferguson stated that
the different Appomattox County youth that are receiving these services are Head Start, Precious
Angels, YMCA; Fun with Foods; Tiny Angels; 4-H Camp; Appomattox Primary School;
Appomattox Elementary School, Appomattox Middle School and Health Rocks. Ms. Ferguson
stated that other area students receiving these services are Camp Timothy; Bedford Hills,
Altavista Head Start and Amherst Elementary School. Ms Ferguson called for questions.
Hearing no questions Mr. Bruce Jones came forward to brief the Board on the Value-Added Beef
Initiative Program.
Mr. Jones stated that a Value Added Beef Initiative grant that was funded by the Tobacco
Commission which was a 50% cost share program and a producer could receive up to $3000 in
cost share assistance, and there were different areas you could choose from and they did see a lot
of producers jump to different areas. Mr. Jones stated that the majority of producers used the
money to purchase improvements to their handling facilities; Mr. Jones stated that he has
received a lot of positive feedback from these producers. Mr. Jones explained that he had seven
producers complete the 2009 project, we paid out approximately $19,400 and in order to get this
the producers had to pay out over $40,000. Mr. Jones explained that in the project summary the
total producers who have participated in the County were 33 participants.
Mr. Jones next explained the Commodity Storage Initiative and stated that the allocation for
Appomattox County is approximately $35,000 and it is a 1/3 cost share program which will
include beef cattle; dairy; goats; sheep and grain; Participants can utilize this program by
purchasing hay barns; feed bins; and grain bins.
Mr. Jones explained the Private Well Water Testing Program that was held during the summer of
2009. Mr. Jones explained that Appomattox County participated with 25 samples being