644
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board members with revised copies of the
FY96 budget, with all the suggested changes from the April 24th meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson continued by explaining that this copy represented the
4.5% increase December 1, 1995 for County employees. Mrs. Ferguson
listed the Departments that she considered to be County employees,
Animal Control; County Administrator’s Staff; General Maintenance;
Building Inspection; Recreation Department; Office on Youth; Crime
Prevention and Landfill. Mrs. Ferguson explained that the additional
2.25% will amount to an additional $4,935.00.
FY96 budget review continued.
Mr. Carwile asked if Dr. Thomas had provided the information requested
by the Board on salary, budget and expenditures. Mr. Carwile stated
that he was not in favor of cutting the Capitol Improvements budget.
Mr. Carwile stated that the school board had figured having their
underground tanks removed by a contractor and he felt this could be
done by their own personnel much cheaper.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion to reduce the school FY96
budget by $300,000.00 with the understanding that the information
requested be provided.
Motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to reduce the school’s
FY96 budget by $250,000.00 provided that the information requested be
provided. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 2:45 p.m. to discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 3:00 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law: