940
Mr. Brennan also stated that he felt stronger notification laws should be in place if your
neighbor was going to do something business or commercial the adjoining landowners
should have to be notified. Mr. Brennan continued that he was opposed to more rules and
regulations. He stated that young people today were struggling to get started and that
parents almost had to help them at times.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mrs. Shirley Wheeler to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Shirley Wheeler began by giving her address as Route 5 Box 800, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Wheeler began that she would like to address the people that were
concerned about farms and the low-income people and asked that they would think about
what was going on in her community. Mrs. Wheeler continued that when you come into
a community as small as the Chap community and put in a trailer park you were causing
a problem. Mrs. Wheeler stated that she agreed that people need low income housing,
but they need decent low-income housing. Mrs. Wheeler agreed that when people were
starting out that they may need some assistance but as they get older they should be
established and have their own homes. Mrs. Wheeler stated that her parents lived in a
mobile home but it was a nice mobile that had underpinning and the insulation was not
falling out from under it. Mrs. Wheeler continued that she felt when the government
subsidized housing units they should come in and take a closer look at what was going
on.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Jesse M. Rosser, Jr. to come before the Board.
Mr. Jesse M. Rosser, Jr. came forward and gave his address as Route 6 Box 1415,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Rosser stated that for all practical purposes he has been a
lifetime resident of Appomattox County. Mr. Rosser continued that he had two
comments and then he was going to read a prepared statement. Mr. Rosser stated that
number one; Mr. Thomas’ comments should be recorded because he hit the nail on the
head. Mr. Rosser continued that the second comment was that he had been out of town
and did not have a copy of the proposed changes until arriving at the meeting tonight, and
that the information that he had written his statement on came from an article in the
Times-Virginian. Mr. Rosser asked the members of the Board to bear this in mind as he
read his prepared statement. Mr. Rosser stated that he understood that the members of
the Board of Supervisors had a difficult task in front of them. Mr. Rosser read sections
from an article published in the Times-Virginian concerning the proposed zoning
ordinance change. Mr. Rosser continued that at this point he would like to ask two
questions. Number one what are the other restrictions referred to in the article, and
number two, what about land that has no dwellings? Mr. Rosser continued that the
decision that would be made on the proposed changes could have dire effects on growth
and future interest in living in Appomattox County. Mr. Rosser stated that it could
possibly effect the planned industrial park and the future tax base. Mr. Rosser used an
old quote, “If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.” Mr. Rosser urged the Board to move slowly and
set their decision on a firm foundation and take the action that was best for all citizens of
Appomattox County.