82
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to schedule a public hearing for
September 17, 2007 at 6:15 p.m. to receive comments on the proposed changes to the
Add Automotive Repair Garages, Mechanical and Body Shopsto the list of conditional uses.
Add to the list of conditional uses: Storage of Sewage Sludge, expressly subject to the requirements of the
Appomattox County Code, Chapter 140 ~ Land Applications of Biosolids and §32.1-164.5 at seq. and §62.1-
44,19:3 et seq. of the Code of Virginia (1950) as amended, and such other applicable County, Federal, and
State statutes, ordinances, and regulations as may be adopted from time to time. However, a conditional
use permit shall not be required to begin the storage of sewage sludge on property in an A-1 zoning district
as long as such sewage sludge is being stored (a) solely for land application on the farm on which the
storage facility is located and (b) for a period no longer than forty-five (45) days.
Add Text:
F. Storage of Sewage Sludge
a. The applicant shall store the sewage sludge pursuant to aff applicable County, State
and Federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations. No person shall apply to the State
Health Commissioner or the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality for a
permit, variance, ora permit modification authorizing such storage without first
complying with all requirements adopted pursuant to §32.1-164.5 et seq. and §62.1-
44.19:3 et seq. Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended and such other applicable
County, State and Federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations as may be adopted
from time to time. In particular, beginning, July 7, 2007, no application for a permit
or variance to authorize the storage of sewage sludge in the County shall be
complete unless it contains a certification from the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County that the site for storage of sewage sludge is consistent with alf
applicable local ordinances. The Board of Supervisors shall confirm or deny
consistency within thirty (30) days of receiving a request for certification. If the
Board of Supervisors does not so respond, the site shall be deemed consistent.
b. Pursuant to the authority of §32.1-164.5 A.1 of the Code of Virginia, (1950), as
amended (Cum. Supp. 2007) and pursuant to the findings set forth in Article 1 of this
ordinance, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County shall, as part of Chapter
170 ~ Zoning, designate and reasonably restrict the storage of sewage sludge in
Appomattox County.
c. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of law, the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County shall require a conditional use permit be obtained to begin the
storage of sewage sludge. Storage of sewage sludge may be permitted as a
conditional use in an Agricultural District (A-1), subject to the requirements of §32.1-
164.5 et seq. and §62.1-44.19.3 et seq., Cadeof Virginia (1950), as amended other
such applicable County, State, and Federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations as
may be adopted from time to time.
ad. Aconditional use permit shal! not be required to begin the storage of sewage sludge
on property in an A-1 zoning district as long as such sewage sludge is being stored
(a) solely for land applications on the farm on which the storage facility is located and
(b) fora period not longer than forty-five (45) days.
e. The requirements of this section and other applicable provisions of Chapter 170 of
the Appomattox County Code regarding storage of sewage sludge shall be in addition
to the local testing and monitoring ordinance permitted under subsection C. of §62,1-
44.19:3 et seq., Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended, as may be adopted by the
Board of Supervisors as part of this Chapter from time to time.
fF. Storage of sewage sludge shall be prohibited in all other zoning districts in
Appomattox County.