642
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 3:03 p.m., Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adjourn. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. _ ;
fier C Kh, 4 .
“
Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on June 5, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board Conference Room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order and asked Supervisor Carwile
to give the invocation.
After the invocation, Mr. Carwile informed the other Board of
Supervisor members that his intent was to rescind what’s in place as
far as the regional jail agreement.
Mr. Paulette called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the
minutes of public hearings of April 17, 1995; April 24, 1995; and
recessed meetings of April 17, 1995; April 24, 1995; and April 26,
1995, as submitted. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette informed the other Board members that Mr. Franklin Vaughan
was scheduled on the Agenda but would be unable to attend the meeting.
Mr. Paulette stated Mr. Vaughan had provided a letter with his views.
(Letter on file in June 1995 Board file.)