081
Mr. Bosiger brought for discussion the issue of County vehicles being
driven to and from work by County employees.
Discussion followed with consensus of the Board that this issue would
be continued to another meeting.
Mr. Carwile presented each Board member with copies of letters from th
Health Department and Hurt & Proffitt concerning the handling of
sewage. (Copies on file in April 1996 Board File.) Mr. Carwile then
explained there was a facility operating as he would propose in
Stuart’s Draft and requested that Mr. Dickerson, Mr. Peterson, and one
supervisor inspect this facility, and report back to the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to contact Mr. Dickerson, as to the charg
to the County, for visiting this site and report to the Board at the
next meeting.
Mr. Carwile next addressed the issue of rabies and the dog and cat
problem in the County. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not have the
answer to the problem, but would like to form a citizen committee to
review and suggest a solution.
Mr. Carwile suggested the Committee be composed of the Sanitarian,
Animal Warden, County Administrator and one citizen from each Electora
District.
After discussion, it was agreed to form a committee to review the
animal problems in the County. Each Board member was to submit to Mrs
Ferguson the name of a person in their district who was willing to
serve on this committee.
Mr. Paulette then turned to Administrative Items.
Mr. Paulette explained Mrs. Carolyn Lawson was requesting the Community
Center’s hours be altered to conform with other County offices.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile t
change the hours for the Community Center from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
age; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a letter from Mr. Curtis L. Roberts II,
Conmunications Director for the United Way of Central Virginia,
requesting a proclamation recognizing May 22, 1996 as United Way Day. |
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the
following proclamation:
RESOLUTION
UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL VIRGINIA
WHEREAS, United Way of Central Virginia is celebrating its 75th
anniversary in 1996; and
Ai0