296
County that Halloween will be observed on Saturday, October 30,
1993 in Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 10:30 P.M. Mr. Torrence made a motion to adjourn until November 1,
1993 at 6:00 P.M. Seconded by Mrs. Beasley. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
{ AAAWAAN
Chairman
\ J
A work session was held by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
November 1, 1993 at 6:00 P.M. in the Board’s Meeting room, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
€Mr. Jamerson opened the work session by explaining to those presen
that this was a work session being held for the purpose of discussin
budgeting for the proposed jail addition and the proposed Middl
School. Mr. Jamerson continued by welcoming those present an
explained that this is not a meeting to receive public comment. Mr
Jamerson recognized Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of Schools and Dr. Poe
Chairman, School Board, and told the other Board of Supervisor member
that if they would like to ask any questions of Dr. Thomas or Dr. Pde
that would be permissible.
B
iow, aioerat
Mr. Torrence addressed Dr. Thomas, saying that he understood with the
additions as proposed, to the Middle School, a portion of the present
football field and baseball field would be used. Mr. Torrenaé
questioned where the students would have physical education.
€D-€€B-
Dr. Thomas stated that if you look at the State guidelines we don’t
have enough area at the present time, but we are grandfathered
in.
€Qs
Mr. Carwile stated that he understood that the problem of space wa
being created by moving the sixth grade up.
7
Dr. Thomas replied that this was not all of the problem. He continue
by saying that the ideal plan, for grouping and educating children, wa
putting the 6th, 7th and 8th grades in one facility. Also, Dr. Tha
stated that the projections from now until the year 2000 indicated
continous increase in student population.
Ato.
Mr. Carwile said that he would like to take this one step further, and
ask if modular units would suffice for the Elementary School during the
transition period, anywhere from two (2) to five (5) years. My
Carwile continued by saying that this is where he understood the surgé¢
was going to be.