588
Convenience Center, it was determined that this would not be necessary since we agreed to
construct an attendant building inside the gated areas. Stonewall is the only other site that this
situation applies to.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner stated that he did not feel this request was unreasonable and he made a motion to
approve the Electoral Board’s request for alteration to the Stonewall Voting Precinct and not to
exceed the estimated amount of $1,700.00. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item# 2- Town of Appomattox and explained that
the Board at a previous meeting had ask that this item be place on the agenda for action at
tonight’s meeting. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that we need to move forward and he feels this is a win for both parties. Mr.
Carter then made a motion to send his waterline negotiation points as given to the Board to the
Town.
Mr. Tanner stated that he was in agreement with Mr. Carter in sending the negotiation points to
the Town once more.
Chairman Conrad stated that he feels some good points have been discussed and after meeting
with Congressman Perriello, it was made very evident that the County is moving along with this
water line and he is also in agreement in sending the negotiation points, but asked to let this be
the last time that we try to ask the Town to join in.
Mr. Overstreet stated that sending these negotiation points are up to the Board’s discretion, but if
this is going to be the Boards stance, we may need a committee to negotiate some of these points
to save time.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there is a committee in place if this discussion needs to take place in
explaining the points.
It was the consensus of the Board to send the negotiation points to the Town.
Chairman Conrad next presented Additional Item #2A — Resolution on 100" Birthday of Bennie
C. Massey and stated that this resolution will be recognizing Mr. Massie on the occasion of his
100" birthday.
Chairman Conrad stated that Mr. Massey was raised in the Pamplin community and retired from
the postal service as a mail carrier in Pamplin for forty-nine years as well as a farmer. Chairman
Conrad stated that Mr. Massey is a member of the Pamplin United Methodist Church and has
been since 1932 when he was married to Naomi to who he was married for fifty-seven years.