454
their duty, authority and responsibility to organize and to see to the daily operations of
the Office of Building and Housing.
d) This Ordinance is adopted pursuant to Sections 15.2-1426 and 1427 of the Code of
Virginia;
c) This ordinance shall be effective immediately.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Resolution — Cannon Oaks Subdivision: The Virginia Department of
Transportation is requesting the Board to adopt a resolution to add Pine Tag
Lane on Route 1127 to the Appomattox County Secondary Road
System.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the request from the
Virginia Department of Transportation to adopt the following resolution to add Pine Tag
Lane on Route 1127 to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add the street description below to the
Appomattox County Secondary Road System for maintenance. The following subdivision
road which has been constructed by the sub-divider as a Class “A” subdivision in
accordance with the requirements of Section 33.1-229, of the Code of Virginia, 1952,
and the Virginia Department of Transportation’s Subdivision Street Requirements, 1996,
TO WIT:
CANNON OAKS SUBDIVISION
Pine Tag Lane, Route 1127 — Beginning at a point on Route 1125, 0.25 mile north of
Route 691, extending 0.10 mile east to cul-de-sac.
Total Length — 0.10 mile Right of Way 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board does guarantee a minimum unrestricted
fifty (50) foot right of way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills and
drainage, together with easements on adjoining properties.
Recorded in Plat Book 158, Page 16, on November 7, 2001, in the Appomattox County
Clerk’s Office.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Watch for Children Signs: At the last meeting Mr. Craft presented a request
from the Town of Pamplin to install “Watch for Children” signs. Since that time,
the Town of Pamplin has formally requested four (4) such signs be install on the
Appomattox side of the county line. Prince Edward County has authorized the
installation of several similar signs in their portion of Pamplin. These signs were
funded through Prince Edward’s Secondary System Construction Allocation.
VDOT has informed us that the purchase and installation of these signs will total
approximately $100 per sign. Please note that in 1999, a previous Board of