133
1. A nonconforming use may be enlarged or increased
or extended to occupy a greater area not exceeding
fifty percent of the area that was occupied at the time
of the enactment of or amendment: to this ordinance.
Nonconforming public use facilities which have received
an operations permit from a state agency may be
enlarged, increased or extended to occupy a greater
area not exceeding the area for which such facility was
permitted by such state agency at the time of the
enactment of or amendment to this ordinance.
4. That Article X, Section 1009 be repealed.
5. That Article X, Section 1011, Solid Waste Disposal
Site Requirements, be repealed.
6. That Article X, Section 1012, Hazardous Materials
Storage and Treatment Facilities; Requirements, be
repealed.
7. That Tax Map Parcel 66(A)29, owned by the County of
Appomattox and consisting of 234 acres, more or less,
located on Route 632 approximately 2.4 miles from its
intersection with 634 in the Clover Hill magisterial
district, be rezoned from EH Environmental Hazard
District to A-1 Agricultural District.
8. That Tax Map Parcel 17(A)29, owned by Mabel C. Moore,
consisting of 157.66 acres, more or less, located on
Route 683 approximately 1.6 miles from the intersection
of Route 683 and 611 in the Stonewall magisterial
district be rezoned from EH Environmental Hazard
District to A-1 Agricultural District.
9. That the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance and
official zoning map, as amended herein, be readopted
and reenacted.
That the County Administrator shall prepare the appropriate
applications for the zoning map amendments proposed in this Resolution
and that this Resolution and the completed rezoning applications shall
be referred to the Planning Commission for its recommendation.
That these provisions shall be effective upon enactment.
After further discussion Mr. Jamerson called for the question. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Also, the Board by consensus directecl the County Administrator to
schedule a joint Public Hearing of the Appomattox County Planning
Commission and the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors at 7:30 P.M.
Thursday March 11, 1993 amending and reenacting the County Code in