010
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. C. Robert Fox, President of the
Appomattox County Humane Society. Mr. Fox expressed his and
the Humane Society’s concern that if an animal is struck and
injured on the highway after normal working hours, there is
no emergency response from the County’s Animal Warden.
Further, Mr. Fox suggested the County adopt a policy that
would permit the Animal Warden to respond to such calls 24
hours a day seven (7) days per week and be compensated with
compensatory time off. In the event the Animal Warden is
unavailable, Mr. Fox asked the Board to provide a substitute.
After considerable discussion, the Board asked Mr. Rice to
consult with Mr. Nix, the Animal Warden, and make
recommendations at the next Board Meeting.
Mr. Jamerson then asked Mr. Fox about the Agreement between
the County and the Humane Society regarding the operation of
the Animal Shelter. Mr. Fox acknowledged the Society was
having difficulties upholding the Agreement and were able to
do very little because of the lack of support. Mr. Jamerson
asked Mr. Fox to return to the next Board Meeting with
recommendations concerning the future of this Agreement.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the
Circuit Court. Mrs. Williams reported an auditor had been at
her office for the past couple weeks and found an error
dating back to 1989. Mrs. Williams explained the error was
made when she had paid some unspecified and ineligible bills
using money from the Clerk’s fees. Mrs. Williams then asked
the Board of Supervisors for $117.84 to send to the State to
compensate for the error. Mrs. Beasley made a= motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $117.84 to reimburse
the State for the bills erroneously paid from the Clerk’s
fees dating back to 1989. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Williams next informed the Board of the high humidity
recently experienced in her office and asked if anything
could be done to correct the situation. A lengthy discussion
followed including a review of measures taken thus far. The
Board by consensus asked Mr. Moore to investigate and report
his finding. Mr. Jamerson also suggested that if the
solution was fairly simple, the County should proceed with
the corrective measures as quickly as possible.
On a motion made by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Carwile, it
was resolved that the Board of Supervisors in accord with
Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia enter into an
executive session at 8:34 P.M. for consultation with County
Attorney Lawson on legal matters and discussions with the
Clerk of the Circuit Court concerning salaries. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session
at 8:55 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.