248
that goes to show that if accidents are going to happen they’re just going to happen.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mr. Hugh Dolan came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.Dolan continued that he was in favor of hunting with high powered rifles in Appomattox County.Mr. Dolan then presented statistics from the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries on thenumber of hunting accidents that had occurred over the last five years. Mr. Dolan gave theStatistics that there were 189 shotgun accidents and 32 rifle accidents. Mr. Dolan continued thatsome people might not know, but high powered rifles were already legal in Appomattox Countyfor anything other than deer hunting. Mr. Dolan stated that all they were asking the Board forwas an additional nine weeks when rifles could be used in the County.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mr. Matt Lair came forward and gave his address as Route 5 Box 152, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Lair began that he hunts in Hixburg right on the Prince Edward County line in order to use arifle where it was legal. Mr. Lair continued that he did not see that much difference in the lay ofthe land in Prince Edward County and Appomattox County. Mr. Lair stated that he would like toquote an article from the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries that came from their web site.Mr. Lair continued that since 1989 the average number of fatalities had been four per year. Mr.Lair stated that at that same time this year there have been four, two shooting and two tree standfatalities. Mr. Lair went on to explain how these accidents occurred. Mr. Lair continued thatover the last ten years thirty-seven hunting fatalities have been reported in Virginia and of those75% occurred because the shooter failed to identify their target. Mr. Lair explained that wearingblaze orange would greatly reduce these accidents. Mr. Lair continued that he agreed that 37fatalities were too many but there was no evidence that a rifle was more dangerous than ashotgun. In closing Mr. Lair stated that rifles were a more efficient hunting, killing machine withless chance of injuring your game instead of killing it.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mr. Chris St. John came forward and gave his address as Route 2 Box 10B, Concord, Virginia.
Mr. St. John began by saying that he was in favor of hunting with high powered rifles in
Appomattox County. Mr. St. John continued that he would not repeat what the others had saidbut he agreed with their comments.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mr. Tom Jones came forward and gave his address as Route 15220 Pamplin, Virginia. Mr. Jonesbegan by saying that he was opposed to high powered rifle use in Appomattox County and his
reason was because they lived in an area where there were a lot of hunting up and down the road
and not a lot of trees around them near his home. Mr. Jones continued that he would rather bewithin sixty-five or seventy yards of someone who is hunting deer rather than for them to be twoto three hundred yards away where they can’t as easily identify what they are shooting at.