206
$800 to print the entire Intensive Livestock Ordinance in the Times-Virginian Newspaper and
the EXTRA section. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Moore then stated that there were several convention and education requests for the Board to
consider. Mr. Moore stated that Ms. Ferguson was requesting permission for Mr. Carroll to
attend the U.S. Department of Commerce, Economic Development Administration Annual
Conference in Atlantic City, NJ on March 5-7 at an approximate cost of $750. Mr. Carter made
a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the request. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that Ms. Ferguson was requested permission for Mr. Carroll to attend the
Virginia Economic Developers Association Conference on March 16-17 in Williamsburg for an
approximate cost of $300. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to honor the
request. Vote : Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that Ms. Tina Carter needed to attend a continuing education course to
maintain her landfill certification at an approximate cost of $275. Mr. Carter made a motion
seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board honor the request. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore stated that there was an agreement from Craddock-Cunningham Architectural
Partners regarding the Courthouse project. Mr. Moore further stated that given the previous
action of the Board that this would be postponed until the Board reached a final decision
regarding the Courthouse.
Mr. Moore then stated that Mr. Alton Dalton was requesting a special exception to the
Subdivision Ordinance. Mr. Moore stated that since Ms. Ferguson was familiar with the
situation and also familiar with the Subdivision Ordinance that he would recommend that this be
put off until the next meeting. Mr. Carter pointed out that Mr. Dalton was present at the meeting.
Mr. Dalton came forward and explained to the Board what his intentions were for the property.
After Mr. Dalton’s explanation it was the consensus of the Board to wait until the next meeting
to make a decision.
Mr. Moore then stated that there were several supplemental appropriations before the Board. Mr.
Moore stated that the Sheriff was requesting $2,500.00 to pay Mr. Buddy Carson for his sick
leave upon his retirement. Mr. Moore stated that the Board had established this policy
previously. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the $2,500.00
appropriation for Mr. Carson’s sick leave upon his retirement. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr, Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore stated that Ms. Margie Reider was requesting $334.00 to purchase blinds for the
Library. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve an appropriation of
$334.00 for the purchase of blinds for the library. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.