093
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 96-281 of Debra Powell, Barbara Carr,
and Leulla Coleman for a special exception to R-2 zoning to allowa
catering facility and a Bed and Breakfast utilizing five bedrooms for
guests in existing dwelling unit on the A. A. Babcock property at 106
Oakleigh Avenue. Property is zoned R-2.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments on this petition.
Mrs. Debra Powell came forward and stated her address as Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Powell continued by saying their plans were to renovate
the property but there would be no change to the outside of the
house. Mrs. Powell stated they would provide off street parking to
accommodate their customers.
Mr. Jessee Rosser came forward and gave his address as Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Rosser stated he endorsed the request for the bed and
breakfast because he felt it would help the employment in the area as
well as help the public at large.
Mr. John L. Wilson came forward and stated his address as Appomattox
Virginia. Mr. Wilson continued that he felt this would be an asset to
the community. Mr. Wilson continued that the community needed
additional dining and lodging. Mr. Wilson closed by saying he and his
wife supported the approval of this application.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment on this petition
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read
the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 96-282 of M. R. and Margaret B. Shields to
rezone property from R-2 to B-1. Property is Tax Map Parcel #64A6(a) 88
and 89 and is located on Business 460 between Route T1022 and T1027.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Ronnie Spiggle stated he would like to point out that this request
came about because the Shields were approached about selling their
property to someone to build a fitness center. Mr. Spiggle continued
the Shield’s felt their property, located on Route 460, might be easier
to sell as business property and that was the reason for their petition.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments on this petition. Hearing none,
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 96-283 of Fred H. Jones to rezone from R-2
to B-1. Property is located on Route 1012 between Route 460 and T1014.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments on this petition.
Mr. James Ryan came forward and gave his address as Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Ryan stated his property was located close to this
property and since he did not know what type business would locate
there, he was opposed to this rezoning request.