315
Lynchburg budgets 30 million dollars - source: The News and Daily Advance. This equals to$1,765,000 per school. Appomattox, on the other hand has a population of 12,777 (1995 figuresfrom Lynchburg office) and four schools to support budgets $16,089,614.00 - source: The TimesVirginian. This equates to $4,022,000.00 per school. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to see thedifference. In comparison, the Appomattox budget, with 12,777 citizens, exceeds the Lynchburgbudget, with 65,000 citizens, by over 50%! I would surely be interested in the reason or reasons forthis substantial difference.”
“Going over the budget I am reminded of what Senator Wilbur Mills once said and I quote: a milliondollars here, and a million dollars there, sooner or later you are talking about real money. unquote.Well, the same applies to Appomattox. A thousand dollars here, a thousand dollars there, sooneror later you are talking about real money.”
“Again, what can we do to hold the line on spending? Don’t hire a financial advisor and secretaryfor $90,000. Give our County Administrator a qualified employee for perhaps one-half this cost,since the Assistant Administrator has his hands full with the IDA. Oh yes, listen to her council andtake appropriate action. It is important to listen and act. Or better still, what this County needs is oneor two retired individuals, who have no obligations and are looking for a productive way to spendtheir time, to sit down, take the entire budget and document where every nickel is to be spent, thenpresent their findings to the Board of Supervisors for their consideration. They, the Board, will thenuse the line item veto and finalize the budget for the year.”
“Stop furnishing cars for all county personnel, except the Sheriff's Department. Put them on anexpense account and let them turn in mileage for authorized county use. For any expense, no matterhow large or small, require a receipt showing the date, item, cost and facility for which the moneywas spent.”
“This only scratches the surface. Note that I have been of the opinion that the County is goingbankrupt. I am wrong! The citizens are going bankrupt with the way money is being spent. Ifanyone wants money, they go the County Board of Supervisors or to the Spout Spring Ruritan
Club!”
“At Board of Supervisors meetings, special interests will band together and by innuendoes, veiledsuggestions or other means, intimidate to obtain their agenda. As I have stated before you need todig your heels in and say “NO”!
“You need to require a detailed explanation for budget expenditures; do not accept expendituresunder a catch all title. I give you several examples: Compensation of Custodial Personnel$330,359.00; Compensation of Instructional Aides, $371,724.00; other Administrative costs,$11,500.00 and Purchased Services $100,000.00.”
“T think I know how Mr. Frank Carwile feels - a voice in the wilderness. I cannot help but believehe has the best interest of the County and the citizens at heart. He does indeed have to be a dedicatedpublic servant to take the abuse that is thrust upon him. I honestly believe that in the end his actionswill be justified and he will be proven to be right.”