356
Mr. Moore feels this is the best thing to do.
4. Resolution for Stan Goldsmith: Staff has prepared a resolution recognizing the
significant efforts that Mr. Goldsmith has made on behalf of Region 2000 and
Appomattox County as Program Director for the Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership for the past six years.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION HONORING
STANLEY |. GOLDSMITH
ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM
THE REGION 2000 ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT PARTNERSHIP
WHEREAS, Stanley I. Goldsmith has faithfully served the Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership as Program Manager and Executive Director for the past six
years; and
WHEREAS, Stanley I. Goldsmith, in this capacity, has tirelessly provided leadership in
the regional economic development arena; and
WHEREAS, Stanley I. Goldsmith has represented Region 2000 in a professional manner
in all contact with regional business leaders, state economic developers, Region 2000
member jurisdictions, and other individual, agencies and organizations; and
WHEREAS, Stanley I. Goldsmith has fostered unique programs that provide services to
existing businesses, engage young adults in defining their community, introduce
teenagers to the industrial work environment, and emphasize and improve the
technological attributes of the region; and
WHEREAS, Stanley I. Goldsmith has steadfastly supported the region’s local economic
development efforts and has provided valuable information and advice to further the
cause of economic development in Appomattox County.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, in recognition of his value to Appomattox County and to the region, do
hereby honor Stanley I. Goldsmith upon his retirement from the Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership and wish him continued health, happiness and success in all his
future endeavors.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes, 1 absent)
5, Courthouse Change Orders: Change orders requests as presented by J. E.
Jamerson. These orders were prepared at the request of the County staff to
356