451
and she used to have deer, rabbits, other wildlife in her yard and now she has none of
them. The property beside her used to be luscious green grass, it is now gray and
yellow. He has put so much biosolids down, that she is wondering how much has
polluted the water table and is the water safe for her to drink. She is also concerned is
“is this cheaper than fertilizer?” And if this is as good as they claim it is, why don’t they
keep it where they are bringing it from. She feels like they are killings us in disguise. We
do not know what is going on? It should be that when they use this stuff, they should
notify their neighbors around the property they are putting it on.
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda.
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-6) '
1. Plannin mmission Recommendations: Planning Commission
recommendations from the June 19, 2006 public hearing. The Planning
Commission recommends to approve Amendment to Petition #05-551 —
Appomattox Anglican Church for a Conditional Use Permit to expand their
private religious school.
Mr. Conrad spoke on behalf of the petition. He thinks this is something will be very
good for our County. He has heard nothing but positive comments and obviously based
on the information that we have received, this will give the county some diversity in the
education field. He is fully in support of this petition.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve for reason of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare and good zoning practice the Amendment to
Conditional Use Permit Petition #05-551 of the Appomattox Anglican Church
to allow the expansion of the private religious school on Route 635 (Redfield Road)
between Route 460 (Confederate Blvd) and Route 1001 (Lee-Grant Avenue), Tax Map
#76(A)158 and is approximately 6.19 acres and zoned A-1, Agricultural District. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
2. Adoption of Revisions to Various n rdinances_and_ Fee
Schedules: A public hearing was held on June 29, 2006 to receive comments on
the proposed changes to various County ordinances and fee schedules.
BIOSOLIDS MONITORING ORDINANCE
INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
BUILDING CODE
SOLID WASTE CODE
ANIMAL ORDINANCE
FEE SCHEDULE
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to approve the BIOSOLIDS
MONITORING ORDINANCE as follows: The Health Department will allow localities to
recoup the cost of monitoring the land application of biosolids so Jong as the locality has
adopted a local ordinance stating such, This ordinance lays out the framework for
monitoring the land application of biosolids and then what procedure shall be followed
for reimbursement. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)