019
E. Jamerson at 7:30 P.M. July 23, 1992.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Also present:
Ronnie Spiggle, Mayor, Town of Appomattox
Billy Conner, Councilmen, Town of Appomattox
Buddy Carson, Councilmen, Town of Appomattox
Steve Lawson, Councilmen, Town of Appomattox
Bobby Mitchell, Councilmen, Town of Appomattox
Sammy Carter, Councilmen, Town of Appomattox
Dick Bass, Councilmen, Town of Appomattox
Also present:
Beckie Nix, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
Bret Thompson, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
Virginia Babcock, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
Sarah Summers, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
Irma Coflin, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
Allen Austin, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
Steve Lawson presented an alternate proposal to finance the
renovations proposed for Appomattox Railroad Depot. Current
plans are for the Town to pay for the renovations which
includes upgrading the heating system and electrical service
and installing restrooms. The estimated cost for this work
is $85,000.00. Bids have been solicited and are due to be
opened August 6, 1992.
Mr. Lawson suggested instead the Chamber of Commerce raise
the funds and pay for the renovations. [In return, the Town
and County would agree to pay 1/3 each the cost to install
electric service lines underground in the Town’s business
district from the Hardware Store to Lee Street. This work
has been estimated to cost $100,000 to $150,000. Mr. Lawson
further explained his proposal advocates the Chamber of
Commerce pay rent of $1.00 per year to use the depot for
offices and as a tourist information counter.
This contrasts current plans which require the Chamber to
rent the depot space at $400 per month. Because of this, Mr.
Lawson contended the County would not be required to donate
the budgeted $10,000 Chamber of Commerce subsidy and could
use this money instead to help finance the County’s share of
the cost to install the underground utility service.
Mrs. Nix explained the Chamber would raise the money to
finance the revocations to the Depot from contributions, fund
raising activities, and, possibly, from a State grant. Mrs.
Nix informed those present she had recently attended a
workshop for the Center on Rural Development (CORD) program
and thought the Chamber would be a likely candidate to
receive a $40,000 grant for this project. Applications are