446
Mr. Moore thanked the I.D.A. and the School Board for their participation.
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Siegel to explain the Special Exception to the Zoning Ordinance. The
term special use, special exception and conditional use generally mean the same thing in the Code
of Virginia. Conditional Use is given for certain types of activity that you want to be more careful
about in the different zoning districts. With a Conditional Use, you usually state what the use will
be, i.e. a convenience store will be stated as a convenience store. The confusion comes when you
use the term conditional use when the true meaning is a variance which is a variance from the
requirements that have to do with the physical attributes of the land, such as footage from the road,
etc. The variance is usually given by the BZA. A variance is basically dealing with a physical nature
of a lot or the size or shape of the lot causing a hardship on the owner’s ability to build. It is
important from the County’s standpoint that with special exceptions that you have a these clearly
stated in the zoning code.
The importance of having a special exceptions or conditional use set up clearly in the zoning
ordinance is so that later on you don’t have someone come to you and say, you are just spot zoning.
Spot Zoning means that you don’t really have real zoning laws, that you are just letting anything in
without rhyme or reason and you let things in wherever you want them. Spot Zoning virtually
invalidates or nullifies your Zoning Ordinance. You should avoid any resemblance to spot zoning
of any type.
There was some discussion, especially regarding cellular towers. Mr. Siegel stated that Sands,
Anderson, Marks & Miller is planning to do a seminar on cellular towers in early spring because so
many localities are having questions regarding the placement of these towers.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Siegel for attending tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Moore called for Supervisor’s Concerns.
Mr. Carter has some questions regarding House Bill 1205 - prioritization of Landfill Closings.
There was some discussion on the life of the present landfill.
Mr. Moore then stated the next item for consideration was the Enhanced 911 Ordinance.
Mr. Carroll informed the Board that there was a statutory lag time of 120 days between the adoption
and implementation of the Enhanced 911 Ordinance, therefore the Board needs to adopt this
Ordinance as soon as possible.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the Special
Tax for the Provision of Enhanced 911 Services Ordinance at a rate of $3.00 per separate telephone
access line, effective immediately as presented at the public hearing on December 4, 2000. VOTE:
_ Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Carroll to share additional information he has on the proposed Telephone
Utility License Tax discussed at the public hearing on December 4, 2000. Mr. Carroll has spoken