661
construction of State Project No. 0654-006-102-C502. He stated that if the Board chooses to
consider approving this request we will need to follow the procedure as set forth in the Code of
Virginia Section 33.1-157 and 33.1-158. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to intend abandonment of the old section of Route 654 and schedule a
public hearing prior to the first meeting in December. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Mr. Carter questioned if we needed to correspond with the owner before making this decision.
Mr. Overstreet gave an explanation as to why the abandonment of Route 654 is being handled in
a different manner.
Ms. Ferguson stated that VDOT had told her that she needed to get the Board to handle their part
of this abandonment and the rest would be handled by them.
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#3- Contract award for CVCC Phase II] and
stated that bids were opened on October 13, 2009. He stated that eight bids were received, with
J.E. Jamerson being the low bidder in the amount of $139,700.00. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he was glad to see us moving forward and then made a motion to award the
contract for CVCC Phase HI the lowest bidder J.E. Jamerson in the amount of $139,700.00. Mr.
Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he
called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#4 — Contract Award for CVCC Parking Lot
and explained that the repaving of two portions of the parking lot at the rear of CVCC was
included in Alternate Bids A & B when the EDA bid out a 388 feet extension of Industrial Park
Lane. He stated that bids were opened on October 8, 2009 and the lowest base bid was accepted
by the EDA that evening. The lowest bidder being Marvin Templeton & Sons submitted
Altemate A & B prices totaling $24,250.00 to repair and repave the parking lot from the loading
dock at the old kitchen to the auditorium wall. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner stated that this needs to be done before someone gets hurt.
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the Alternate A & B bid and authorize Marvin Templeton and
Sons to pave the above described portion of the CVCC rear parking lot at the price of
$24,250.00. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion,
hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye. .