621
Ms. Rockefeller explained that the site attendant at that site has been instructed that when the
compactor was full to move to the bulk box and then to the wood box and if the need should
arise they could have moved to the cardboard box, which Ms. Rockefeller stated did not happen.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that they have a plan in place for holidays and no one should be turned
away from the sites.
Ms. Ferguson stated that things seem to be working very well and usually after a four day
holiday the sites are horrible, however, this year the boxes were full, but there was not trash on
the ground and things looked a lot nicer than they have in previous years.
Mr. Carter questioned Ms. Rockefeller on what decision had been made on the light situation at
these sites. Ms. Rockefeller stated that no decision had been made and she would be bringing
information on the cost to the next meeting. Mr. Carter questioned if there was ample time to get
these lights installed if the Board should desire to have them installed before the time changes.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she would have the information for the Board to review by the first
meeting in October.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board had already agreed to hold a public hearing for the tire
ordinance, so does the Board wish to also add the change for small business to the ordinance.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would get the public hearing advertised for the first meeting in
October.
Chairman Conrad explained that also for the Board’s approval is a change order to the original
contract with Layne Construction and Excavating Co. to add an attendant building at the Vera
Convenience Center. Mr, Craft made a motion to accept the change order as presented. Mr.
Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none,
Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented a resolution authorizing the County Administrator to sign lease
documents for the new roll off truck and he explained that the funds for this truck are in the
budget. Mr. Tanner made a motion to accept the resolution authorizing the County
Administrator to sign the lease for the new roll off truck upon Mr. Overstreet’s approval of the
lease. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing
none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.