28
He also gave a brief description of the virtual building, consisting of 40,000 sq. ft.,
expandable to 60,000 sq. ft. at a cost of 1.8 million dollars. This was designed especially
for lot 5 because it is easily accessible, just beyond the existing roadway and also
contains additional acreage if needed. This information will be placed on a VEDP
website for accessibility.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Slagle and Mr. Lewis for their very informative presentation.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Bobby Wingfield, E-911 Coordinator and Wayne Lewis of Wiley
& Wilson to discuss construction estimates for the PSAP.
Mr. Lewis presented the floor plan on the layout for the emergency operations center.
They tried to keep everything in place as much as they could and still comply with the
recommendations for these facilities. The Clerk’s office will be retained as an office. The
dispatch center will occupy that portion of the building that is now the main office. It will
contain space for four (4) dispatch stations, three (3) at the present time. Immediately
off this area will be the service area, containing the computer and communications
equipment that will tie in to the outside. There will also be an electrical room where the
un-interruptible power supply will be which will be fed through commercial power and a
generator source. We are looking at a small generator at the back of the building or
possibly tying into the Courthouse generator. The building will also house a mechanical
room, a break room adjacent to the emergency operations room. There will also be a
security line around the secure perimeter. The windows and the line of sight will have to
be bullet proof. Everything that can be done to cut costs and stay within the guidelines,
will be done. The cost estimate was developed on our best knowledge for everything
included in the schematic design.
Mrs. Ferguson stated a decision would have to be made regarding the old vault door
which cannot be used for emergency egress but will have to be moved out at a cost
estimate of $2,500.00. This is one of the things that decisions will have to be made on
along the way.
Plans are to have the construction finished by mid-July with the center being in
operation by the end of the year.
Mr. Carter asked what time table are we looking at in making a decision on the options
presented.
Mrs. Ferguson stated decisions needed to be made now.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Wingfield and Mr. Lewis for their presentation.
The Board by consensus agreed to meet at 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, February 8, 2005 at
the old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Court Room in the Administrative Building to
discuss this matter further.
Mr. Craft next presented Mr. Richard Martin, Retired Director of Social Services with a
plaque of appreciation for thirty (30) years of service to the County.