555
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
Johnny Roark, County Planner
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held
immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Johnny Roark, County Planner who read
the first petition to be heard:
RZ06005 — Travis Ford: The applicant is requesting to rezone a portion of property
to allow for a commercial development on Route 460 (Richmond Highway) between
Route 609 (Phobe Pond Road) and Route 667 (Hummingbird Lane). The subject
property is identified as Tax Map Number 60 (4) B, and is a total of 5.05 acres in size
and is currently zoned Industrial District M-1. The applicant is requesting to rezone
approximately 4.1 acres from Industrial District M-1 to Commercial District B-1. A
portion of approximately 0.95 acres, to the rear of the property would remain zoned M-
1.
Ms. Sarah Ford, 1544 Stone Road, Rustburg, VA. Ms. Ford is present representing
Raganok, Inc. She would like to have the Board’s support for a split zoning for this
property. They would like to make some improvements to make the property more
appealing and suitable for retail business. They would also like to still have Raganok
occupy the back portion of this property.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak in favor or against this petition. Hearing
none, Mr. Roark read the next petition.
RZ06006 — B & F Holdings, LLC/Robert C. Stevens: The applicant is requesting to
rezone properties located on Route 609 (Phoebe Pond Road) between the Campbell
County Line and Route 460 (Richmond Highway). Subject properties, are identified as
Tax Map Numbers 72 (2) 9, 72 (2), 10, 72 (2) 11, 72 (2) 12, and 72 (2) 13. Total
acreage of the five (5) lots is 2.4 acres and is currently zoned Residential District R-1.
The applicant is requesting to rezone all five (5) lots from Residential District R-1 to
Residential District R-2.