136
construct a garage and headquarter facility at the corner of Route 460
and Route 635 just east of Appomattox Town’s limits.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from those in favor of the petition. Mr.
Junior Beasley, a member of the Rescue Scuad, spoke explaining the
Rescue Squad had outgrown their current facilities and this parcel,
assessed at $30,000.00, would be sold to the rescue squad for
$7,500.00. Also, the parcel has existing access to electricity and
cable T.V. Mr. Beasley continued by informing the Boards he had talked
to all neighbors. None objected to the proposal, and he had received
one (1) letter expressing support.
Further, Mr. Beasley informed the Boards he would soon meet with the
Appomattox Town Council. The Appomattox Fire Department may also be
interested in moving because of lack of parking at their present
location.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear’ from anyone else favoring the Petition.
Hearing no response, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone opposing
the Petition. Hearing no response, Mr. Torrence declared the hearing
Closed at 7:58 P.M.
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting Room, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, March 8, 1993.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District:
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Also present:
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. The
invocation was given by Supervisor Moore.
Minutes of Board’s meetings of February 2, 1993 were presented for _
approval, copies having been transmitted to members of the Board prior
to the meeting.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs;. Beasley to dispense with the
reading of the minutes. Vote: Mr.Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Mcore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.