259
Mr. Roark stated that if the petitioner meets the threshold that is stated clearly or if they
do not meet the threshold you must put this in the minutes and state that a 527 Review
was done and the project did not meet the threshold for a study. Mr. Roark stated that the
problem with this is we have time limits on rezoning by state code and our time limits for
that and the time limits for the VDOT review are different, so, the interpretation that the
County is getting from VDOT is that if a traffic study has to be done during the rezoning
process and it stops when it is sent to VDOT. It would start again after receiving the
comments back from VDOT.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she does not agree with doing this at the rezoning process.
Mr. Roark stated that the determination of a needed study is based on what the petitioner
tells him.
Mr. Roark explained that this will take effect July 1, 2008.
Mr. Carter questioned how the County was going to let all citizens know that this is
something that will need to be done.
Mr. Roark stated that he has been telling every contactor or developer that he comes in
contact with about these changes.
Mr. Conrad asked if a citizen comes in with several scenarios of uses, could they submit
all three. Mr. Roark stated that they could submit all threes for review and if they met the
threshold for a study it would have to be done.
Mr. Roark stated that it would cost $1000 for VDOT to review.
Chairman Craft next introduced Mr. Gary Christie, Executive Director for Region 2000
Local Government Council to come and speak to the Board.
Mr. Christie stated that he wanted to speak with the Board to keep them posted on things
going on.
Mr. Christie explained that he was speaking before the Board to give the Board an update
on various projects that Region 2000 has been working with. Mr. Christie gave an update
on the Commonwealth Transportation Enhancement Grant and stated that it has taken a
good step forward. Mr. Christie explained that Kelly Hitchcock has been working with
the Town of Appomattox on the Pedestrian Access Plan which looks at sidewalks, cross
walks, safe routes to school, and this process will continue until the end of this calendar
year. Mr. Christie briefly explained that Region 2000 continues to work with Pamplin
and stated that they now have two CDBG Grants which has enabled them to renovate
about 21 homes which included rebuilding or building new homes for seven families and
disposed of five trailers and four families moved into ownership through this program.