424
33.1-70.01 of the Code of Virginia at which the proposed Six-year Plan for Secondary
Road Improvements for 2004-05 through 2009-10 was presented by D. L. Austin,
Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of Transportation.
WHEREAS, the proposed list for the 2004-05 Secondary Road Construction Budget was
also presented for consideration;
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Secondary Road Improvement Six-Year Plan for 2004-05
through 2009-10 is hereby approved.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the priority list for the 2004-05 Secondary Road
Construction Budget is hereby approved.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Glynn Loope, President of Commonwealth Advance to
appear before the Board. Mr. Loope is appearing tonight to present the Workforce
Training Center Study that was initiated by the Board and funded by the Tobacco
Commission. Mr. Loope will provide an overview of the report and will be available to
answer questions from the Board.
Mr. Loope began by presenting a VEDA article on what your workforce can do. Any
area that will become successful in the future will have to discuss Educational
Development as well as Economic Development. According to 2001 figures, the per
capita income for Appomattox County was $21,286 which is about $3,300 less than the
Lynchburg area and about $17,000 below the Commonwealth of Virginia as a whole.
There are approximately 351 families in Appomattox County living below the poverty
level with an unemployment rate that is almost double the State and regional average.
Mr. Loope also discussed the GED initiative. The Adult educational center needs a new
building and the number of GED participants needs to be raised. People will not
generally travel 45 minutes to an hour to attend educational classes. They will however,
seek these opportunities if they are available within their own communities.
Mr. Loope made several recommendations for establishing a center for higher education
in Appomattox County, utilizing the former Appomattox County Elementary School and
the Carver-Price School Building. Appomattox County also needs to pursue grant funds
available for these purposes. March 1, 2004 is the deadline for applications to the
Tobacco Commission.
Mr. Carter next asked called Mr. Wayne Phelps, President — Historical Society to
address the Board. Mr. Phelps is meeting with the Board to discuss the status of
improvements to the museum and also to discuss the World War II Memorial.
Mr. Phelps says the museum project is almost complete. There were some unforeseen
problems in repairing the porch. These have been taken care of and everything looks