523
previous sanitary sewer allotment at the wastewater treatment facility for sanitary waste
originating from the Industrial Park/Recreation Area (146,000 gpd).
F. The parties agree that the commercial development in said area is not a capital improvement
related to or required by the industrial park as set forth in Section II (A) 2.
G. Any alteration or modification to the existing sanitary sewer system owned by the County/EDA
shall be at the expense of the Town and/or the developer.
H. Except as expressly set forth in this amendment, all other provisions of the Memorandum of
Understanding shall remain in full force and effect.
Thomas#-Corrad, Chatkman Date
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
Paul D. Harvey, Mayor Date
Town of Appomattox
William S. Slagle, Chairman Date
Economic Development Authority of Appomattox County
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item#4 — Landfill Cell Closure Change Order
No.1 and explained that a change order is necessary for the landfill cell closure because of
additional soil that is needed to bring the intermediate cover up to the regulatory 12” depth. In
the bid, with anticipation of spots in the cover that would be less than 12” and we had contractors
bid on a 6” average cover over the entire cell. Drapen Aden Associates hand augured the cover
before any soil was placed and found that the entire cell was lacking even the 6” we had thought
was there. Therefore, Shearin had to place the full 12”, of soil over the entire area and the
change order is for that cover. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending that the
Board approve Change Order No.1 in the amount of $20,471.85 which will bring the contract to
$576,866.98. Chairman Conrad called for discussion from the Board.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had talked with Alice Rockefeller about this and it is necessary
because of erosion and run off. Over time it has washed and we need to get this cover in place
per the regulations. Ms. Ferguson encouraged all Board members to go to the landfill and see
what is being done and that Ms. Rockefeller would be glad to take them to see this project.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this would have to be done and we would have to come up with the
money from somewhere as we have no choice in the matter.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve Change Order No. 1 in the amount of $20,471.85.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion, hearing no discussion Chairman Conrad called for a
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.