287
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Jim Bondurant. Mr. Bondurant stated his address as 4878
River Ridge Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Bondurant stated that we definitely need land use
in Appomattox, and need the Board’s support in this.
Chairman Craft called for other citizens who would like to speak and did not sign the sign-in
sheet.
Mr. Jimmy Drinkard stated his address as 2735 Old Grist Mill Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Drinkard stated that he is in favor of land use. Mr. Drinkard stated that his property tripled and
he met with the Board of Equalization and was told he did not qualify for any assistance.
Mr. Brad Babcock came and stated his address as 2064 Spencer Road, Concord, Virginia. Mr.
Babcock stated that his taxes went up 700 dollars which may not seem like a lot, but to him it is.
Mr. Babcock asks if anyone has a percentage on how much taxes went up? Mr. Babcock also
stated that he is in support of land use.
Chairman Craft called for any other citizens to come and speak.
Mr. John Hunter came forward and gave his address as 6869 Wheelers Spring Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Hunter stated that he would like to emphasize faimess, and also as
far as tourism in Appomattox County, it is one of the prettiest counties in the state and that is
what draws people here. Mr. Hunter stated that just about everyone here is in favor of land use.
Mr. Hunter questioned why Appomattox County does not have land use when all surrounding
counties have this.
Next Ms. Micki Caifano came forward and stated her address as 576 TinTop Place, Concord,
Virginia. Ms. Caifano stated that she moved here two months ago and did so because of the farm
lands and she does not know anything about farming but does know what high taxes are.
Ms. Caifano stated that she would love to see properties reassessed and would also like to see
land use in affect.
Ms. Joann Martin came forward and gave her address as 244 Coleman Mill Road, Appomattox,
Virginia. Ms. Martin stated that you cannot make money in farming, however she thinks our
County has beautiful farm land.
Ms. Martin stated that Mr. Conrad has made his livelihood from a position that supported
farmers and would think he would be in favor of land use. Ms. Martin also stated that she
understands that a board member has land in another county that does have land use.
Ms, Martin stated that farm land taxes have soared this year.
Chairman Craft called for any other comments, hearing none, Chairman Craft closed the public
hearing at 6:25 P.M.
LLY ChalA