10.
11.
12.
537
The Board of Supervisors hereby approves the Documents and the form of the 2009A Bond
in a maximum amount of $11,400,000 with an amortization of not to exceed 14 years,
payable as to principal annually at an interest rate of not to exceed 4.83% with interest
payable semiannually and the final terms to be approved by the Chairman whose execution
thereof shall be conclusive evidence of such approval.
The Board of Supervisors hereby approves the Documents and the form of the 2009B Bond
in a maximum amount of $3,500,000 with an amortization of not to exceed 20 years, payable
as to principal annually at an initial interest rate of not to exceed 4.79% with a ten year put
option, as described therein, with interest payable semiannually with the final terms to be
approved by the Chairman whose execution thereof shall be conclusive evidence of such
approval.
The Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, or either of them, and the
County Administrator and Clerk of the Board of Supervisors are each hereby authorized and
directed to execute the Documents and such other instruments and documents as are
necessary to create and perfect a complete assignment of the rents and profits due or to
become due in favor of Davenport, to issue the Bonds, and to lease the Leased Property.
The County consents to its Bond Counsel acting as counsel to Davenport in this financing.
The County represents and covenants that it shall not take or omit to take any action the
taking or omission of which will cause the Bonds to be “arbitrage bonds” within the meaning
of Section 148 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise
cause the interest on the Bonds to be includable in gross income for Federal income tax
purposes under existing law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the County
shall comply with any provision of law that may require the Authority or the County at any
time to rebate to the United States any part of the earnings derived from the investment of the
gross proceeds from the sale of the Bonds.
Any authorization herein to execute a document shall include authorization to deliver it to the
other parties thereto and to record such document where appropriate.
All other acts of the officers of the County that are in conformity with the purposes and intent
of this resolution and in furtherance of the issuance and sale of the Bonds, and the
undertaking of the refunding of the Outstanding Bonds and the acquisition, construction,
equipping and furnishing of the Project are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.
The County by acceptance of this financing agrees to indemnify, defend and save harmless,
to the extent permitted by law, the Authority, its officers, directors, employees and agents
from and against all liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, fines, losses, costs
and expenses in any way connected with the Authority, the issuance of the Bonds, the
refunding of the Outstanding Bonds or the acquisition, construction, equipping and
furnishing of the Project.