A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on November 18, 1996 at 7:15 p.m., after the public hearing, in
the Courhouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the recessed meeting to order at 7:15 p.m. and
Called Messers. Watkins Abbitt, Jr. and W. E. Jamerson to appear before
the Board.
Mr. Abbitt thanked the Board for allowing him an opportunity to come
before them and made a request on behalf of the Building Fund Committee
for the Appomattox County Volunteer Rescue Squad. Mr. Abbitt explained
he was Chairman of the Fund Raising Committee and Mr. Jamerson was
Co-Chairman. Mr Abbitt then provided information on the proposed new
building including cost of construction, paving and allocation of
space. Mr. Abbitt continued by explaining that approximately 1/2 of
the cost of construction had been raised and he was requesting the
Board of Supervisors commit to $40,000.00 per year for a period of
three (3) years. Mr. Abbitt continued by explaining that the rescue
squad provides a valuable service to the County that save the taxpayers
considerable money each year. Mr. Abbitt thanked the Board and asked
the Board to consider this request.
Mrs. Ferguson next asked the Board if they would consider a fifth pad
to be placed at the Route 648 Super Site.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to add
the fifth pad at the Route 648 site as well as an extra light.
Mr. Paulette then asked the Board of Supervisors what information they
wished to receive concerning the landfill.
After a lengthy discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed what to
research concerning landfill operations.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a bid from Pennington Aluminum Products,
Inc. in the amount of $7,250.00 to repair and replace vinyl soffit anc
white coil to Court House Building.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
accept Pennington Aluminum Products, Inc. bid in the amount of
$7,250.00 to repair and replace vinyl on the Courthouse. VOTE: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.