323
Blue Ridge Appraisal Company - $9.75 per parcel - $87,500.00
Mr. Jamerson thanked the bidders present and told them a decision would
be made December 16, 1993.
Mr. Mays presented two (2) bids for telephone equipment for his
office. The two (2) bids were as follows:
Appomattox Telephone Service $1,959.60
BBT Communications 2,300.40
Mr. Mays reported that Ms. Belter is agreeable for the assessor to us¢
her office upstairs. No additional phone line is necessary.
1D:
Mr. Mays also gave a report on training cost on the computer from
Bright & Associates. Mr. Mays is not satisfied with these figures.
Mr. Mays next requested a 3% increase effective December 1, 1993, for
Rebecca McCormick.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Mays and called Sheriff Richardson
to appear before the Board.
Mr. Richardson began by stating that the plans the Board approved fo
jail expansion would not be certified by the State. Sheriff Richardsoi
explained that no support facilities were included in these plans t
accomodate the additional inmate population.
(oSMe m3
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that it was incumbent on the Board t
do what was necessary to take care of the jail problems. Mr. Carwil
continued by asking Sheriff Richardson what it would take to solve hi
problems.
n-0-0:
Sheriff Richardson stated that the only help that he would receive frot
the new addition would be based on actual bed space approved, whicl
would be twelve (12) beds. If he double bunked, this would make hil
short staffed.
aS
Mr. Carwile stated that he understood that holding prisoners in othe
jails presented a burden on the Sheriff because of transporting thet
back and forth to court.
ay
Mr. Jamerson asked if space were available in the Regional Jail.
Sheriff Richardson stated that it was but they would charg
approximately $15.00 per day to hold a prisoner for us.
0)
Mr. Torrence asked if the cost was around $700,000.00 to do what thr
Sheriff felt was needed in the jail.
©.
Sheriff Richardson stated that he felt that was an accurate figure.
Mr. Jamerson asked what the Board wished to do concerning this matter?