326
Mr. Alexander stated that within weeks of purchasing his property a problem of property
negligence became evident to him.
Mr. Alexander explained that he had tried to address these issues by letter to the proper
authorities with less than satisfactory results.
Mr. Alexander explained that several weeks ago while doing yard work, he was almost
run down by a citizen who lives in one of the mentioned subdivisions. Mr. Alexander
stated that he did report this to sheriffs department and they referred him to magistrate in
which he had a warrant sworn out for this person. On the day of Court this warrant was
thrown out due to being no reckless driving on private roads or no moving violations
while on private roads.
Mr. Alexander stated then he decided that it was not safe in this neighborhood and made
the decision to sell his property. Mr. Alexander stated that he has had buyers come by
and express interest, however, they would not make an offer because of the adjacent
property. Mr. Alexander stated that he had come to the conclusion that since the County
is not enforcing the County ordinances it has made his property unmarketable.
Mr. Alexander stated that he wrote a letter in 2006 to the County about some abandoned
trailers. In January 2007 he received a letter giving the owner thirty days to move this
trailer. Mr. Alexander stated that this abandoned trailer set on this property until
September which was months later. The owner eventually dismantled the trailer and then
left the debris. Mr. Alexander stated that he again wrote the County a letter letting them
know that the results were unsatisfactory. Mr. Alexander stated that he received a letter
back from the County noting that his complaint had been handled. Mr. Alexander stated
that this went on from September to 2008 until he finally hired someone and had the
debris burned himself.
Mr. Alexander stated that he has other neighbors that are having the same problem and
have also sent letters to the County stating these problems.
Mr. Alexander provided pictures to the Board of his neighbor’s property and then
explained the problems that he had with these properties.
Mr. Alexander called for questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Alexander if when he moved into his dwelling on Carson
Drive as to what the conditions were like.
Mr. Alexander stated that the properties were in a neglected condition when he moved to
Carson Drive, however, he assumed that the County was not aware of the problems and
once reported that over time conditions would improve.
Mr. Conrad stated that each neighbor has the right to live as they see fit.