521
15. Ms. Anne Dixon — Parks, Recreation and Tourism: Ms. Dixon is
unable to attend tonight’s meeting, therefore, she has provided a written
report.
Mr. Carter called attention to paragraph 1, page 19 - Ms. Dixon Report on
Tourism. “The Town of Appomattox contacted me and asked to pay for half of
the printing cost on the brochure.” He thinks this is something that is very, very
positive, something that shows we are moving forward in joining hands, keeping
down expenses and something that will benefit both Town and County.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad says the Route 604 dumpster site is a disaster. People apparently
are going in the dumpsters and pulling stuff out and leaving garbage laying out
all over the road and parking area. This was discussed some time ago when we
talked about manned sites. He asked that the Sheriff’s Department check on this
problem. The problem was not stuff falling off the dumpster, the dumpsters
were basically empty.
Mrs. Ferguson will ask the Sheriff’s Department to check on this problem.
Mr. Armbrust stated that at the initial meeting this Board had discussed that
everyone wanted to save the County money, but also wanted the County to
prosper. We are learning about the Waterline from Lynchburg. Some of his
concerns include how will the water be utilized? What will become of the extra
sewage? Are we going to need a filtration system? If there is a water shortage,
will Appomattox be guaranteed water? He would like to have a meeting to
discuss these issues.
Ms. Ferguson will set up a meeting with David Garrett and Walter Hancock to
discuss these questions.
Mr. Carter next called Ms. Penny Taylor and Mr. Kenny Rowlette of the
Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce and The Appomattox
Historical Commemoration Committee to address the Board. Ms. Taylor
and Mr. Rowlette are here to ask the Board for support for a reenactment the
weekend of April 8 & 9, 2005. Staff recommends support of the proposed re-
enactment, conditioned upon IDA approval for use of the site.
Mr. Rowlette provided the Board with an outline of proposed events, for the re-
enactment of the Final Campaign, to be held on April 8 & 9, 2005. This outline
contains two (2) options, Option A & Option B. The basic difference in these two
options is the ceremony at the National Historical Park. They have planned a
meeting with Mr. Reed Johnson of the National Historical Park on May 3, 2004.