663
Development Director to help look for funding alternatives for economi¢
development.
Mr. Carwile then gave a brief report to the other Board members, on the
Juvenile Detention meeting held at Keysville, Virginia.
Mr. Paulette told the other Board of Supervisor members that he was
interested in obtaining a automatic check signer.
Discussion followed as to when this would be used and concerns about
reviewing expenditures.
Mr. Paulette next stated that it appeared Ms. Lindsay, Virginia
Department of Transportation, Resident Engineer, was not going to be
attending the meeting, and asked if anyone had concerns for Ms.
Ferguson to relay to Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Carwile stated he was still waiting for a letter from Ms. Lindsay
concerning a subdivision street located on Route 669.
Mr. Paulette next began with the first Administrative Item, the
Southside Economic Development Commission grant.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette reviewed the need for appointments to the following
committees or boards:
1) Regional Disabilities Service Board;
2) Central Virginia Community Services Board; and the
3) Farmville VASAP Executive Board.
After discussion, the appointments were held over to the August 1995
meeting.
Mr. Paulette next introduced the issue of public participation in
regular Board of Supervisors meetings.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette pointed out the County Code, Chapter 3,
Article II, 3-7 which reads as follows:
"Addressing the Board at meetings; action on matters raised by
nonmembers. (Amended 7-12-1993)
Any orderly person present at a meeting of the Board of
Supervisors, may upon recognition by the presiding officer,
request permission to address the Board; and the presiding
officer may grant such request if he considers it to be in
the public interest so to do, and he shall grant such request
upon demand of any two (2) supervisors. When, as the result
of such an address to the Board, it appears that a subject
should be considered by the Board at a subsequent meeting, the
County Administrator shall place such matter on the agenda for
the next regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors."