431
Mr. Bosiger declared a recess at 8:30 P.M.
At 8:45 P.M. Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Moore explained that a situation had arisen with the Central Virginia Community
Services Board that he and Mrs. Conrad felt was important to share with the Board.
Mr. Moore then asked Mrs. Conrad to explain the situation to the other members of the
Board.
Mrs. Conrad began that she did not have the full story but she had received a telephone
call prior to coming to the Board of Supervisors meeting informing her that Central
Virginia Community Services Board was operating at a $684,000.00 deficit. Mrs.
Conrad continued this would definitely impact services in Appomattox County. Mrs.
Conrad continued that she planned to look into this matter further and would be prepared
to meet with the Board of Supervisors at the July meeting to give a detailed report.
By consensus of the Board of Supervisors, it was agreed for Mrs. Conrad to give a
detailed report to the Board at the July 1998 meeting.
Mr. Moore then made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following
resolution:
WHEREAS, Section 37. 1-194 of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as amended, requires each
city and county to establish, singly or in combination, a community service board for the
provision of mental health, mental retardation, and substance abuse services to its
residents; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors already has established the
Central Virginia Community Services Board pursuant to this statutory provision; and
WHEREAS, Section 37-194 of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as amended, further requires
each city and county to designate, in consultation with its community services board, this
board as an operating community services board, an administrative policy community
services board, or a policy-advisory community services board with a local government
department; and
WHEREAS, the Central Virginia Community Services Board provides a community
mental health, mental retardation, and substance abuse services, directly through its own
staff or through contracts with other providers; and
WHEREAS, the Central Virginia Community Services Board conforms to the definition
of an operating community services board that is contained in Section 37.1-194.1 of the
Code of Virginia, 1950 as amended; now therefore,
BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, Virginia, that the
Central Virginia Community Services Board is hereby designated as an operating