204
document. They want to know structurally how the building was built, what the
foundation was made of, etc., and she feels this will involve a great deal of
someone’s time.
Mr. Conrad suggested that with the logistics of what is involved in this project,
we will have requests that will amount to total gridlock. Ms. Ferguson is
certainly intelligent enough to do this work, but with what she already has to do,
she will not have the time to devote to this. He suggested that in order to grow
and progress in situations like this, we may down the road, have to look at
opening up a position for a Grant Writer that would be a specialist to do just this.
Not only for this project, but also other project such as the Tobacco Commission
Grants, etc. This person would study this stuff and therefore would eliminate
some of the gridlock and overload that would result in the County Administrator's
lap. Sometimes you have to spend money to save money. It appears that the
Board is in agreement that we need to look into a Grant Writer Position. There
are lots of grants available, but the Historic Preservation Grant is the best for this
building, because that is what they are designed for — to preserve old structures.
However, we cannot separate that part of the school building from the rest of it
in the eyes of the Historic Preservation. We will probably run into this same
situation with the Old Courthouse building. If the building is not going to be
used, putting it on the Historic Register would allow access to these funds. By
having a Grant Writing Specialist, we could say, “You take this building and you
tell us where we can get monies to fix it up, what are the best possible uses of
this building”. This person needs to be someone who deals with and can
dedicate their time to working totally on grants.
Mr. Carter asked what the Board's pleasure was on having Ms. Ferguson develop
a Job Description for the Position of Grant Writer. Then the decision could be
made as to whether this would be a part-time or full-time person. The Board was
in agreement with taking this route.
Assistant Commonwealth Attorney Position: Ms. Ferguson explained that
Mr. Puckett would be able to get the salary within a range that his candidate for
the position will consider, if the Board will approve a one time annual increase to
his budget of $4,000.00 to help get this position to a level where this gentlemen
will accept it. Mr. Puckett has been able to work with the Compensation Board
to come up with funding. The position was available on July 1, but he will not
hire someone until September or October. The Compensation Board has also
provided other funds. He is short the $4,000.00. Ms. Ferguson asked Mr.
Puckett about next year and he stated that Mr. Abbitt will help him get the
position reclassified so that the Compensation Board will provide the whole
salary.
There was some discussion about how heavy Mr. Puckett’s work load is and if he
really needs to have another individual. Also, we had to cut funds to other
departments in this year’s budget, so how do we justify this position.