35
Ms. McCoy stated that as a citizen of Appomattox County, where the civil war ended and where
our nation was reunited, I am excited about fulfilling that burning desire to establish a Carver-
Price Legacy Museum here in Appomattox. Think of what a museum would mean to tourist who
visit Appomattox. Appomattox will be a beacon for other towns and counties celebrating their
history.
As we celebrate Black History month and heal from the injustices of the past, it is time that we
educate our youth as to how far we have come by honoring those who made so many sacrifices
and even gave their lives to make our accomplishments possible.
We are counting on our leadersto help pave the wayto this reality.
Not only does Carver-Price Alumni Association want to present accurate history to our children,
we have others with the experience, knowledge, skills and expertise that are willing to assist the
Alumni Association in establishing our Carver-Price Legacy Museum.
Ms. McCoy also read a portion of a letter received from the Virginia Foundation for Humanities.
“In response to your request, I have reviewed the materials you sent from the Carver-Price
Alumni Association, including the history of Carver-Price School. I recommend that you
nominate the Carver-Price site to be included in the African American Heritage database. The
African American Heritage program of the Virginia Foundation for Humanities encourages
organizations, such as your Alumni Association, to preserve and celebrate the history that you
have so clearly identified. The concept of the legacy museum is designed to honor the
educational contributions of Carver-Price School certainly has merit. As you pursue your goal of
establishing the museum, the Foundation may be called upon to support initiatives as follows:
undertaking research, develop interruptive plains, create new promotional and educational
materials, train interruptive players and volunteers, plan and carry out new educational programs
for a lecture series, community forums and radio programs.”
Ms. McCoy introduced Ms. Carolyn Bell and Ms. Sally Goodrich — Randolph Macon Women’s
College.
Ms. Bell stated that a museum always needs more space. This museum could have a place on the
African American Heritage Trail which is sponsored by the Virginia Tourism Commission. By
being a part of this Commission, it would bring in revenue in the form of tourism dollars to the
County. Ms. Bell also described how you create a museum from scratch — start with a committee
group and apply for grant monies. You then use the grant monies to hire museum professionals
such as a designer and a curator. There are people who will come and help with this for free on a
short-term basis. Ms. Bell finished by inviting everyone to visit the Legacy Museum at 4" and
Monroe Streets, in Lynchburg.
Ms. Sally Goodrich stated she was a student at Randolph-Macon College with a major in Art
History. She wanted to make two (2) points tonight. One is that Sweet Briar, Randolph-Macon
and Lynchburg College all have museum study programs and they all provide students to go out
in the field and get practical experience. The second point is that the minority American history
material culture is the fastest growing field in museum work today. The fact that you are