210
Mr. Spencer stated that the $1000 in professional services was added due to not knowing
exactly what will be needed at this time.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Electoral Board budget and the Registrar Budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that each of the Board members received a letter requesting an
increase in salary for registrar.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Electoral Board had explained to him that she had never
received a merit increase in the sixteen years of working for the County.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Board usually does not supplement salaries except with
the exception of the Sheriffs department.
After discussion on the requested increase of salary for the registrar it was decided by the
Board to give a two percent increase in July and then whatever the State approved.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Circuit Court budget and explained that there would be an
increase if we receive a new judge.
Ms. Ferguson next presented the General District Court budget and Juvenile and
Domestic Court budget which have minor changes.
The next budget to consider was the Clerk of the Circuit Court and having no other
discussion from the Board. Ms. Ferguson presented the budget for Sheriff (Civil Process).
Ms. Ferguson presented the Court Services Unit budget and stated that she has projected
an increase by $100,000. Ms. Ferguson explained that this increase is due to Juvenile
Detention and home electronic monitoring. Ms. Ferguson stated that monitoring
juveniles is expensive, but having them incarcerated is even more expensive. Ms.
Ferguson stated that she planned to see the judge about this but feels it will not do any
good.
Mr. Carter asked if any of this money is reimbursable. Ms. Ferguson stated that none of
this money is reimbursed from home monitoring or incarnation. Ms. Ferguson also stated
that we are members of the Lynchburg Detention Center and our fees could be a lot
higher.
The next budget to consider is the magistrate’s budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that this
department is going through many changes at this time so she has asked for some
additional funds.
The Commonwealth Attorney’s budget was presented and explained that he has helped
our office tremendously with office supplies and also his employee Chris Billias is
helping us with some issues which keeps us from having to use Mr. Overstreet.