27
children and their families as they seek a Christian education that is spiritually safe and
academically superior. These are not just the prayers of parents, grandparents, aunts
and uncles, they are also the prayers of children — those enrolled in Cornerstone
Christian Academy. I sat in my church yesterday morning and listened to the prayer of
a young boy. He prayed as he has for the past few Sundays. A simple prayer from his
heart and lips to God’s ears. “God be with our new school”. I ask you to remember this
child and his schoolmates as you prayerfully determine the future facilities for
Cornerstone Christian Academy. She quoted Isaiah 28:16 “So this is what the Sovereign
Lord says: “See I lay a stone in Zion, a tested stone, a precious cornerstone for a sure
foundation; the one who trusts will never be dismayed”.
Miss. Clarissa Hubler, 618 Redfields Road, Appomattox, VA: I have been in a
Christian school environment since kindergarten. This fall I will be in the 10 grade at
Cornerstone Christian Academy. For two (2) years I went to a school that was in a
different county from where I lived. It took 30 to 45 minutes to travel one way. This
was inconvenient for my parents because of the price of gas and having to be in the car
for two to two and one-half hours a day. This was also hard on my siblings and myself.
We were up very early in the morning, we all got carsick, and it was difficult to work
after school and we were not able to see our friends that often. As you can see, it was
not a very joyable experience. Right now, Cornerstone has about 60 students enrolled.
They come from good families so we have a school and all we need is a building. We
have a building that we would like to purchase but we need permission to have a schoo!
there. Thanks to the Vera Church of God, our school also has a place to rent while they
look for our building. We need permission to have our school there too. It would be so
much more convenient, not only to my family, but to the schools parents if we were able
to have our school in Appomattox instead of another county.
Ms. Dorine Loy, 2110 Becham Road, Concord, VA: I would like the Board of
Supervisors to support the Vera Worship Center's Conditional Use Permit as well as the
Lawson Building Variance and Conditional Use Permit. I would like to say, as a parent
that would have a son in that school, I don’t see that building or that area as a threat to
my son or put him in danger in any way. Even at the school we just came from, we had
to do our best to maintain safety on the road from the parking lot to the school building.
I would also like to say that another private school in this area will benefit our
community. I do not see how it could be a detriment in anyway. I would also like to
say that we are not trying to be a threat or be a competitor to any other educational
institution in this area. We would like for our school to have a chance and we need that
building to do it in.
Ms. Millie Drinkard, 1586 Trent's Mill Road, Appomattox, Va: I have been an
educator for 22 years, 16 of those years have been at Appomattox Primary School
teaching kindergarten and first grade. This past year I had the privilege of teaching
first grade at a private classical Christian school and what a difference a year can make.
There is such a need for better education for the children of Appomattox. As we all are
aware, these children will be the future leaders of our county. Many parents of this
county are looking for a safe, well rounded education, where discipline is enforced and
respect for self and others is expressed daily. These parents do not want to travel
outside of the county to have their children educated. Sadly, there are many parents