596
It was the consensus of the Board to not allow non-residents of the County to use the
Appomattox County convenience Center facilities.
There was discussion from the Board on the changes that they felt were needed.
Ms. Ferguson cautioned the Board on allowing all non-profit organizations to use the
convenience sites.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that churches should be treated the same as a citizen.
Mr. Carter made a motion to allow religious assemblies same opportunities in regards to the
garbage disposal as citizens, and asked Ms. Ferguson to come back to the Board with alternatives
with a more defined definition of small business and nonprofit owners. Mr. Craft seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Mr. Tanner called for discussion. Hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye; Mr. Conrad, Absent.
Mr. Craft stated that he is in favor of tabling changing to the convenience site hours of operation
until a later date.
Mr. Tanner asked Ms. Rockefeller to look at what can be done to help the small business owners
in being able to use the convenience sites.
Ms. Rockefeller explained the down side of allowing small businesses to use the convenience
sites. She also stated that she would need some criteria in writing so the attendants will know
exactly what they should be accepting.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to put a time on re-visiting the convenience site operations
hour’s issue.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the first meeting in October staff should be coming back with more
information and the Board can revisit this issue.
The Board thanked Ms. Rockefeller for a job well done .
Vice-Chairman Tanner explained that per the Board’s request Dr. Grasty, William Perrow,
Robert Mitchell and Wes Williams are appearing before the Board to answer questions that the
Board may have related to a supplemental appropriation request from the July 20" Board
meeting.
Vice-Chairman Tanner welcomed Dr. Grasty, William Perrow, Robert Mitchell and Wes
Williams.
Mr. Tanner called for questions from the Board.