479
the payment thereof for the purpose of purchasing land, designing,
constructing and equipping a new public middle school building and
facility in the County.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Being no further business for Mr. Lawson, he was excused, and Mr.
Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator, was called to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Peterson began by providing bids for demolishing the Vera School
building and the dumpster site at the Appomattox Ball Park.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to accept W. Frank Moore, Inc.’s bid for demolition of Vera School in
the amount of $2,250.00. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Discussion followed concerning the dumpster site at the Appomattox Ball
Park.
Mr. Torrence explained that the roadway into the site would go to the
left as you enter the ballpark and the site would not be visible from
Route 460 or from the ballfield. The property is owned by the Town and
we would do the same type of lease agreement as is being used for Route
604 site.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to accept W. Frank Moore, Inc.’s bid to construct a dumpster
site at Appomattox Ball Park in the amount of $21,676.00. (This does
not include purchase of stone). Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Beasley, made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to construct the
Appomattox Ball Park site first; the Oakville site second; and the Vera
site third. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Peterson next explained that we are at a point where we need to
make some decisions whether to phase out the small boxes and go with
the large containers or stay with a mixture of the two (2) types. If
we stay with the two (2) types we will have to consider the purchase of
another truck.
A lengthy discussion followed on the merits of both type container
systems.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
continue to develop the ten (10) super sites using the large garbage
containers. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.