264
Being nothing further for Mrs. Belter, Mr. Jamerson excused Mrs. Belts
and called Mr. Gregg Winston, Regional Forester and Wayne Bowmar
Forester, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Winston began by giving the Annual Report on privately held fore
lands. He explained that there have been less fires this summer th
in the past due to the weather conditions. Mr. Winston praised t
local volunteer fire departments for their response time and he
during any fires that we have had.
PS A
oO5d
Mr. Winston next gave information concerning the dry fire hydr
program. This is a fairly new program but has proven very successf
in fighting fire in rural areas. As funds become available for the
ary hydrants, fire departments will be notified and may apply for the
funds.
tht eS
Mr. Winston continued his report by giving facts concerning th
Southern Pine Bark Beetle damage that is occurring in the County. Thi
is a native pest and depends upon the pines to survive.
In closing, Mr. Winston informed the Board of a new Environmental L
regarding forestry that was passed. This is the first law that h
been attached to forestry practices in the Commonwealth and it de
a
\d
Ooo0rd
Waters from pollution by sediment deposition that result from fores
activity, which would primarily be logging. This deals strictly wilt
surface water in streams.
Ww
Ss
s
with water quality. What it applies to is the protection of State
Y
th
Mr. Winston asked if the Board members had any questions for hi
Hearing none, he asked Mr. Wayne Bowman to give the State Fore
report. Mr. Bowman began by presenting the Board with a check in t
amount of $51,093.42 from Appomattox-Buckingham State Forest. This
one-fourth of their income and is made as payment in lieu of taxe
Mr. Bowman continued by presenting the Board with general informati
on State Forest activities.
Oh Shs
After the forestry report, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Messer
Winston and Bowman and called Mr. Dennis Gragg, Executive Director
Central VA Planning District Commission, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Gragg bagan by discussing the recommendations from the committe
appointed by the Board to study the possible benefits of centre
purchasing for Appomattox County. The following is a report on th
committees findings and recommendations:
REPORT ON CENTRAL PURCHASING - APPOMATTOX COUNTY
ORGANIZATION: At the May meeting of the Appomattox County Board
Supervisors, a committee was appointed to study the issue of Centra
Purchasing for the County. Members appointed were:
0
Gordon L. Rice, Chairman (Resigned)
Bill Slagle