223
assistance. In FY-2008- we have 2496 cases and the amount of employees has stayed the
same. Mr, Elder explained that an employee had not been added to this department since
1990. Mr. Elder states that the case load has grown tremendously.
Mr. Conrad questioned what took place between FY2003- FY 2004 that caused such a big
change? Mr. Elder stated that it was the different categories of Medicaid. Mr. Elder
stated that Medicaid is their big program and that is where the money is and all the big
cases are. They increase the case load to make it easier for people to become eligible for
Medicaid, They changed the categories, now you have the aged, blind, and disabled, you
have expectant mothers, and the families receiving TANIF receive Medicaid as well. In
that year they increased the number of categories of Medicaid causing the case load to
jump about 500 cases in one year. Since this change it has just been the population that
has grown steadily an aging population and the aging poor is growing and they are the
ones that get Medicaid.
Ms. Ferguson questioned Mr. Elder if the Board agrees to fund one or both of these
positions will he continue to ask the State to fund these positions? Mr. Elder stated he
would make that request to State each year. Ms. Ferguson asked if State would look at
the fact that the County is funding these positions at a later date and not fund them
because the County is taking care of them. Mr. Elder responded that if the State comes
through with any funds it will be because the case load across the State has grown and
they say that we need more workers and the money is there it will be divided up across
the state according to case load and they will not consider the fact that the County has
been funding these positions.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there is a possibility that in the future the County could be
reimbursed by the State for these positions, Mr. Elder agreed and said yes and it came
close in the general assembly this year for them to approve more eligibility workers
across the state but failed at the end.
Chairman Craft asked if other jurisdictions are having the same problem and having to go
to the Counties. Mr. Elder said that positions have been approved across the state but no
money is being approved for these positions.
Mr. Elder continued with an explanation of the Service Staff and Operations pass thru
and explained that this department also needs another new social worker. The State has
also approve this position but with no funding. This also includes a three percent cost of
living increase for the service workers and supporting staff and increase in legal fees.
Mr. Elder explained that the Judges have told Social Services not to come into their
Courtroom without an attorney. Mr. Elder explained that in the past you could go into
Court and represent yourself and present the cases and did not need an attorney. It is now
required by the judges to have an attorney and if you appear without an attorney they
state you are practicing law without a license.
Mr. Elder stated that we do have a contract with some local attorneys who work with us
and provide us with a lower fee, however it is still expensive.