273
Mr. Moore has been approached by Tommy Cawthorne regarding a portion of the road
that dead-ends going to his home. This road is maintained by the state and there are a
lot of vehicles coming in and turning around in the drive-way. His wife is concerned
about this traffic. He has talked to VDOT regarding this issue. There are only two (2)
property owners on this road, Mr. Cawthorne and WESTVACO. VDOT has said they
would need a letter from WESTVACO in order to close a portion of this road.
Mr. Craft has some concerns regarding the Emergency Communications Center. He is
particularly concerned about all the switch boxes on the back side of the building.
These are open to vandalism, sabotage, or what-ever. He feels there should be a fence
around this area.
Ms. Ferguson replied that there were several things to be considered in this and if Mr.
Craft would stop by her office, they could discuss this issue.
Also, Mr. Craft would like to have the meeting for Monday, November 20", 2006 moved
to another date. November 20" is the first day of hunting season in Virginia and West
Virginia. Both he and Mr. Conrad like to take vacation and hunt during that period of
time. He is afraid that the Board may not have a quorum to hold their regular meeting
on this date.
Ms. Ferguson suggested that since this is the week of Thanksgiving holidays, the Board
hold only one (1) meeting in November, that being the first Monday of the month.
After a lengthy discussion the Board by consensus moved the November 20" 2006
meeting to November 27", 2006.
Mr. Carter remarked that an anonymous letter (printed article) had been received
regarding the tire operation at the landfill. The article compared the tire operation by
Emanuel Tire to the tire dump that caught fire in Roanoke several years ago, stating this
could possibly take place here in Appomattox County.
There were no other comments or issues for discussion.
At 7:26 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Samuel 2. Con te
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman