227
10. Closed Session: Mr. Carter stated it was necessary for the Board to enter into a
closed session in accordance with §2.2 — 3711 A. 1 of the Code of Virginia to discuss a
personnel issue — (prospective candidate for appointment, and also §2.2 — 3711 A. 7 of
the Code of Virginia to discuss a legal issue — litigation (FOIA and Biosolids).
At 8:15 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motions seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into a closed
session to discuss a personnel issue and legal issue as per the Code of Virginia, §2.2-
3711-A.1 and §2.2-3711-A.7. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
At 9:03 p.m., Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this B oard c onvened in a closed meeting under § 2.2-3711 A .7— ofthe
Code of Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel and briefing from staff for the purpose
of discussing litigation of Aubrey R. Padgett, III vs Board of Supervisors and Tommy
O’Brien vs Board of Supervisors and under §2.2-3711 A .1 — Personnel Matters for the
discussion of prospective candidates for appointment.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALLED VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
11. Action from Closed Session: Mr. Carter stated that at this time he wished to
make a motion that the Board hereby direct the County Attorney to withdraw the Board’s
appeal of Judge Colby’s decision in Aubrey R. Padgett III vs. Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors. (And also state our great appreciation of the Local Government
Attorneys Association for it’s support in this matter.) The motion was seconded by Mr.
Carwile. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then called attention to the Upcoming Meetings:
Monday, March 17, 2003
Regular Board Meeting
Council Chambers — Appomattox Town Office
6:30 p.m.
Monday, April 7, 2003