158
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Vice-Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting at 7:15 p.m. and asked Mrs.
Ferguson to present items for Board consideration.
Mrs. Ferguson began by explaining the Chamber of Commerce had received)
grant funding for tourism, in the amount of $1,590.00. She continued
that the Chamber was requesting funding from the County in the amount
of $5,300.00, which is the required match to receive the grant.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board did not approve the
$5,300.00 match.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from the Historic Railroad
Festival for a permit to display fireworks on October 12, 1996 at 8:00
p.m. Mrs. Ferguson explained everything was in order and requested the
Board to approve the request.
100)
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a firework
permit for the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival, Inc. to be held
on October 12, 1996 at 8:00 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger)
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that due to Hurricane Fran, the leachate
pumping and hauling at the landfill had to be stepped up. She
continued to explain that the Town could not take the leachate due to
the amount of water they received from Fran. Mrs. Ferguson explained
that due to the above circumstances the fees for pumping and hauling
leachate were going to be considerably more than previously approved.
Mrs. Ferguson also explained she felt that a portion of these costs
would be reimbursed by FEMA because they were directly related to
Hurricane Fran.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she would like to have Mr. Martin,
Maintenance Supervisor, join the Board to review maintenance issues
around the Courthouse and on other County owned properties.
Mr. Martin provided a detailed list of carpet, painting, paving, roof
repairs, and other maintenance needs to County owned buildings.
Ss
After considerable review and consideration, Mr. Torrence made a motior
seconded by Mr. Bosiger for Mr. Martin to seek bids on major areas of
needed repairs to County buildings. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called for an executive session to discuss personnel
matters.