27
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation.
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Carter invited everyone present to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to
the American Flag.
At 6:33 p.m. Mr. Carter called for the Setting’of the Agenda.
There were no changes or additions to the agenda.
Mr. Carter next called for the Public Comments Period: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizens.
There were no comments at this time.
Mr. Carter stated the Board at this time wished to recognize Mr. Richard Robinson and
Mr. Danny Moon for their service to Appomattox County as members of the Industrial
Development Authority. Neither Mr. Robinson nor Mr. Moon were present to receive
their Certificate of Appreciation. Mr. Spencer will see that these are delivered.
Mr. Carter then called Mr. William Slagle and Mr. Wayne Lewis of the IDA to give the
Board an update on activities of the IDA and answer any questions the Board may have.
Mr. Slagle thanked the Board for the opportunity to update them on activities of the IDA
for the past year. First, Mr. Slagle introduced the new members of the IDA — Mr. Buddy
Conner and Mr. Winfred Nash.
Mr. Slagle then informed the Board that in 2004, Martin Printwear moved into the
industrial park and is doing quite well. But, the year 2004, overall has seen an economic
downturn. This is not only true for our area, but statewide as well as most areas of the
country. Another industry had expressed an interest in coming to Appomattox and we
are still hopeful this will happen. The State advertising budget was cut this past year as
a part of budget reductions. We are planning for Region 2000 to help us more with
advertising.
This past year, we completed the initial phase of our infrastructure improvements, which
included fully activating the sewerage pumping station which serves the entire park and
can serve the Community Park as well. We hope you have had a chance to visit our
webpage and we are continuing to add information to this site. We are concerned
about overall economic development not just industrial development and we have
supported tourism type activities such as the Civil War Re-enactments. We are about to
enter into a contract with the Re-enactment Committee for this year’s event. The IDA
plans to use a Broad Band Service to link all industrial sites using high speed internet.
This will be done with Tobacco Commission funds. We also have decided to do a Master
Plan & Virtual building concept instead of building a shell building.
Mr. Lewis made a power-point presentation of the Master Plan and Virtual Building
concept, the layout of the entire park, as well as the smaller lots located off Route 26.