375
On a motion by Mr. Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meeting
this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of
the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was
conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore called for action from the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to inform Jester & Jester to continue the
process to clear up the paperwork to free up the property for the Actions Committee. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore next called for discussion on the Administrative Items.
The Actions Committee has received a bill from Jester & Jester in the amount of $1,250 for the
preparation of an opinion concerning the auction property easement. Mr. Carroll has requested an
appropriation from 1101-3002 to cover this bill. Once the property is auctioned, the money will be
returned from the proceeds.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $1,250 from 1101-3002
Professional services to pay Jester & Jester for work done on property easement. VOTE: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carroll is requesting permission to allow Mr. Martin to receive prices on repair to the bricks and
plaster to the Clerk’s Office Building for damage done by weather. The cost of this project should
not exceed $2,500.00 and can be paid out of Courthouse Maintenance.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to allow Mr. Martin to proceed with prices
on repairs to the Clerk’s Office Building and take funds from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund to
cover costs up to $2,500.00. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Landfill is requesting that the County adopt a policy to reimburse landfill employees a portion