118
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
her, and called Mrs. Terri Conrad to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Conrad gave an explanation of the Disability Services Board’s
budget and how the funds are spent. Mrs. Conrad continued by
explaining a particular expenditure that had come to the Board’s
attention at a prior meeting.
Mrs. Conrad then made the Board aware of a new committee that has been
formed named CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocate) for children.
Mrs. Conrad gave a detailed explanation of how this committee operates
and the purpose of this committee.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mrs. Conrad for the information and called Larry
Land, Intergovernmental Relations Coordinator, Virginia Association of
Counties, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Land began by reading VACo’s mission statement in order to explain
VACo’s purpose to the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Land continued by
telling the Board some of the main functions of VACo.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Land and called Tony Bright with
Bright and Associates to explain his proposal for a computer upgrade.
Mr. Bright gave an explanation of his proposal and background
information on the present system.
A lengthy discussion followed with Mr. Bright answering questions asked
by the Board.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Bright was asked to
work up a proposal including five (5) personal computers, software, one
printer and installation and present to the County Administrator as
soon as possible.
Mr. Paulette then thanked and excused Mr. Bright.
Mr. Paulette next asked for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile requested the Board of Supervisors direct the County
Administrator check with the Department of Environmental Quality about
applying septage to the closed out landfill areas.
Mr. Carwile, also, asked the status of the Emanuel Tire Company’s debt
to the County.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she would have a report on this later in
the meeting.
Mr. Carwile then explained he did not want the issue of County vehicles
being driven home by employees to become a dead issue. Mr. Carwile
asked that Mrs. Ferguson check into all County owned vehicles to see
which ones the Board could require to be parked.