290
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to re-appoint Walter Hancock and appoint Ms.
Laurie Harris to the I.D.A. Board. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Slagle reminded the Board that there would be a meeting with the Planning Commission to
present the proposed zoning district for Industrial District specific to the Industrial Parks.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Slagle and called Mr. John Phelps.
Mr. Phelps thanked the Board for allowing him to speak and introduced Ms. Katrina Adkin, his
District Supervisor and stated she would be making the presentation to the Board.
Ms. Adkin gave a brief statement of her background and stated they would like to present the Board
with a plan for County employees to participate in the AFLAC insurance program. They already
represent Campbell, Halifax, Amherst and several other surrounding counties and towns.
She is very familiar with the structure of county governments. They also have local associates who
are available for questions, etc., She is sure most of the Board has seen commercials about AFLAC,
especially the Duck commercials. AFLAC is not a health insurance. It is a supplemental insurance,
they pay regardless of other insurance, directly to the employee. They offer programs for cancer,
intensive care, accident and disability and cover a lot of expenses that other policies do not. Ms.
Adkin presented each of the Board members with a pamphlet on AFLAC. Ms. Adkin thanked the
Board for allowing her to speak.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Ms. Adkin and Mr. Phelps.
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisors Concerns.
The Citizen Forum has asked the Board if they are willing to accept a proposal on the old elementary
school in order that they may proceed with planning.
Discussion followed with everyone in agreement that we should give the Forum the opportunity to
see what they can do.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board send a letter to the Citizen
Forum acknowledging their concept proposals. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mrs. Smith, Registrar is requesting to attend a Registrar’s Workshop and the Board pay expenses in
the amount of $130.00.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve expenses in the amount of $130.00
for Mrs. Smith to attend a Registrar’s Workshop. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce is requesting approval of their application to hold
their annual Banjo Jam at Jellystone Park and that you waive fees and bond.