551
Mr. Phelps then presented the Board with a letter from the Chamber of
Commerce, along with a _ petition from local officials, business people and several
VFW Posts in support of the war memorial proposed for the Courthouse Square.
Mr. Phelps also presented the Board with a brochure containing several examples
of memorials and is requesting $53,000.00 in funding for this project. This
memorial would be placed on the opposite side of the Courthouse yard from the
present memorial statue, near the building housing the Treasurer’s Office and
the Commissioner of Revenue’s Office.
Mr. Armbrust questioned the determination of whose names would be placed on
the memorial wall. Would it be only those veterans born in Appomattox County
or would it include those who moved to the County later.
Mr. Conrad stated he is a veteran. Right now the County is working on the
budget and facing great difficulties. He feels they must meet the needs of the
citizens and how can we justify cutting money from the School’s budget and
funding this project. He is against spending taxpayer dollars at this time.
Mr. Armbrust is also against spending the taxpayers dollars at the present time.
We must look at present and future needs. We need to fund the fire & rescue
units, the sheriff’s office and the schools. We must fund the necessities and we
have some difficult decisions to make regarding the taxpayers money.
Mr. Craft stated he had talked to a lot of people who had signed the petition.
They were not aware that it would be funded by taxpayers money. He has
thought about what he wanted to say for several days. He had written down
some of his thoughts on this issue. He is an army veteran and also a taxpayer.
He has been entrusted to spend the people’s money. He read Mr. C. T. Moses’
request from April 2, 2001 and no where does Mr. Moses ask for money. The
cost of the plaques Mr. Moses proposed was approximately $16,300. He feels
the plaques are the way to go. He feels these can be placed on the outside
courthouse walls for everyone to see. Monuments deteriorate over the years
and require a lot of upkeep. With all the projects the County is facing at the
present time, he is totally against spending taxpayer monies for this memorial at
this time.
Mr. Carter is also against spending County funds for this project. Until such time
the budget is ironed out, he cannot make a decision on this project. He feels our
veterans should be recognized but due to monetary constraints they cannot
make a decision.
Mr. Moore suggested that the people who signed the petition donate towards
this project. He does not at the present time see how they can make a decision
on funding this project.