80
their name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter turned the Public Hearing over to Mr. Stidham.
Mr. Stidham read the first petition:
02-502 - James M. & Deborah L. Purcell. Conditional use permit to operate an auto repair
shop per §170-34 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route
716 between Route 644 and Dead End, Tax Map #118(1)1, and is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Michael Berry of HC16BB, Red House came forward and stated he admired the Purcells for
trying to start a business but he doesn’t feel it is appropriate for the agricultural area. A business
of this type would be detrimental to property values and ecological concern. The property is
already a little bit of an eyesore and the noise is already higher than he would like. He is
concerned about the hours of operation, they already hear racing motors into the evening hours.
He is also concerned about runoff of oils, etc. to his bored well and pond. How would these
materials be contained? Why should they have to endure a business of this type in an agricultural
setting?
Hearing no other comments, Mr. Stidham read the next petition
02-503 - Alexandra R. Glover: Conditional use permit to operate a group home per §170-37 of
the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 654 between Rt. 615
and Rt. 736, Tax Map #13(A)24, and is zoned R-1 Residential.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition.
Ms. Alexandra Glover, P.O. Box 237, Appomattox, Va came forward and introduced Ms. Lisa
Readley of 138 Rockwell Road , Lynchburg, Va. as the lady that would be helping her with this
project. Mr. Glover stated that this house is actually her residence. She lives there now. She
would like to turn it into a group home for the mentally retarded. The residents are mildly
retarded. They can all function on their own, they would not have any severe behavior problems.
The property would be fenced in and the doors would have alarms.
Ms. Readley stated these residents are not mentally ill. They do work and have activities. They
are more likely to be considered individuals with handicaps.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments on this petition. Hearing none, he turned the meeting
back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:12 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Joint Public Hearing and declared a short recess.
At 7:17 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the Meeting and called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: