985
Mr. Sears stated that seemed to be the best solution and that when the Planning
Commission received the letter they would begin review.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused the Planning Commission.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a recess at 10:10 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting back to order at 10:33 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger called upon Mr. Steven Conner to appear before the Board.
Mr. Conner began by explaining that he had come before the Board at some time in the
past about this same issue and he had yet to have anyone explain to him why the
Subdivision Agent had the right to hold a plat for possible rezoning if the lots on that plat
met the requirements of A-1. Mr. Conner continued that when he inquires as to where his
plat is he is told that it has been referred to the committee. Mr. Conner said that he
wanted to know what committee, when do they meet, where do they meet, and by what
authority do they review subdivision plats. Mr. Conner stated that he felt that if you
subdivided land and the lots met a particular zoning size, then that subdivision should be
approved without the Planning Commission having the authority to recommend rezoning.
Mr. Conner stated that he did not feel this committee was a legal committee and wanted
to know by what authority they functioned.
Questions and discussion followed.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to find out the answers to Mr. Conner’s
questions.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary under section 2.1-
344.1 to discuss a personnel matter.
Mr. Bosiger continued that before the Board entered into executive session, he had been
asked to invite the members of the Board to the rescue squad installation of officer’s
banquet on February 6, 1999 at 6:00 p.m. at the new building.
At 10:44 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence at 11:15 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was
adopted: