356
Mr. Moore requested Ms. Barbara Bennett, Regional Renaissance to come forward and address the
Board.
Ms. Bennett talked about the stages that the Regional Renaissance has gone through. She passed out
a presentation for the Board to review. 30% of the people who voted have volunteered to work on
the programs. Ms. Bennett explained the method of collecting the votes, the demographics of the
type of people who voted, - men and women and the ethnic backgrounds. 20% of the voters were
newcomers to the region. Sports/recreation and arts/cultural events were by far the more important
issues. Ms. Bennett invited governments, individuals, volunteers, business to take on any of these
projects. Also all of their findings are available on the Website.
Ms. Bennett gave Mr. Moore the report of the Regional Renaissance process from beginning to end,
including specific Appomattox information.
Mr. Moore thanked Ms. Bennett for all her hard work
Mr. Carter stated his original disbelief in the Regional Renaissance effort and current pleasure with
its success. He also does not understand why Amherst County has it’s fall festival the same dates
that Appomattox has its Railroad Festival.
Mr. Carwile and Mr. Hancock complimented Ms. Bennett on a job well done.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Ms. Bennett.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legal
issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matter.
At 7:22 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:55 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved that the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of