146
Ona motion by Mr. Carter at 9:45 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for other business for the Board.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Board appropriate the
necessary funds for the Sheriff's Department under professional services. Vote: all aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn
at 9:48 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
DrawX/e
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAZAMAN
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on November 15, 1999 at 7:00 P.M.
in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
C-