138
group. She and Mr. David of Amherst County will continue working on this project and
she will pass along new information as it becomes available.
Mr. Conrad commented that we need to find another locality to become involved in this
as our percentage on this project has increased.
5. Lease with Carver-Price Alumni Association: We have received a letter
from Mark Peake concerning the proposed lease agreement with the Carver-Price
Alumni Association. Mr. Overstreet is scheduling a meeting at the request of Mr.
Peake.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Carver-Price group has decided to go ahead and sign the
contract. They are still in need of additional space, but are willing to sign the contract.
They have some other issues of discussion as stated in their letter. A meeting has been
scheduled for the 27" of May. Additional information should be available for the next
Board meeting.
6. Contract for Preliminary Design Work for the old Elementary School:
The interviews have been completed and a recommendation made for the
architectural services for the proposed Workforce Development Center. Prior to
awarding the contract we have to meet with CDBG for a facilitated management
meeting. In order to move the process along we are asking that the Board give
the County Administrator the authority to enter into this contract after the
requirements set forth by CDBC have been met.
Mr. Conrad stated that the group selected to do this work has had prior experience on
old school buildings that have been used for museums, and based on the interview, that
their experience would be advantageous to the process.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to give the County Administrator the
authority to enter into a contract for the architectural services for the Workforce
Development Center at the appropriate time. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7-20)
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes for the Recessed Meeting on
April 25, 2005; Budget Work Session of April 28, 2005; and Regular Meeting on
May 2, 2005.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
9. County Administrator: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $6,343.08 to 1101-2006 for reimbursement from
retirees.
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.