85
should be noted that the decision was supportive of this organization's efforts to
establish a museum in the space requested by the Carver-Price Alumni Association.
Without a doubt, we are all aware that Appomattox County is like no other county in the
State of Virginia. This is the place where our great nation came together, ending the
Civil War. Appomattox has definitely been associated with some of the most significant
events in our Nations history. Board Members, it should be noted that we are obligated
to remember and preserve our history and past it on to future generations with pride.
In closing he borrowed a statement from the late, great Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.- “We
have a Dream” — O, yes, we do have a dream and it is time for that dream to become a
realization. You and the Town of Appomattox, along with the many tourists that will
visit our county, will all benefit greatly from the Carver-Price Museum. Thank you.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Board at this time.
Mr. Carter proceeded with the next item on the agenda: APPEARANCES:
1. Wayne E. Phelps, Museum Director, Historical Society: Mr. Phelps has
requested to meet with the Board to discuss some plans that the Historical
Society has for the museum (old jail), and to get your permission prior to moving
forward.
Mr. Phelps stated they have things on the first floor pretty much completed. The School
Room upstairs is in pretty bad shape, and was not included in the work last year. He is
asking to move ahead with the remodeling of the upstairs for a museum of WWI, WWII,
Korean War and the history of the county men serving. It will also contain uniforms,
newspaper clippings, etc.
The upstairs, tower part which they do not use at present will be used for an office and/
or archives. Basically these two rooms and some painting is what we need to do and
they are estimating a cost of between $5,000.00 and $6,000.00 totally.
2. Christine Yuhas: Ms. Yuhas meets with the Board to request that the County
implement a paid rescue squad.
Ms. Yuhas began by stating she would like to call attention to a very serious problem in
the County. It is not something that should be taken lightly. We do not have a rescue
squad during the day. People work and this is a volunteer organization. If someone has
a medical emergency, it will not wait until after working hours. The Concord Squad has
been very helpful in taking calls, however, sometimes they cannot take our calls. Prince
Edward sometimes take calls in the Pamplin area, and this area is far out of the Concord
region. We need to do something about this problem. Our county needs to be able to
take care of its citizens. She proposes that the Rescue Squad begin charging for
services and create a paid day time squad.
Mr. Craft thanked Ms. Yuhas for taking an interest in this problem and her comments
will be taken under advisement.