082
in.
Mr. Carwile again noted that after the proposed new cell is
full, the County will have no money to open another cell and
to continue operating a landfill. Mr. Torrence asked if Mr.
Carwile felt a private landfill would eliminate the financial
burden to the County. Mr. Carwile replied the language of
any long term contract would have to be carefully analyzed.
Mr. Carwile emphasized he favored whatever was best for the
County. Mr. Jamerson added he felt confident that within
five (5) years a better method to dispose of solid waste
would be developed and that there would be other options
available.
Mr. Carwile wondered if a private collection company could
collect the County’s solid waste more economically. Mr.
Jamerson stated if this were a possibility he felt the Board
ought to consider it. Mr. Peterson said he did not believe a
private company could collect the garbage more economically
than it is currently being done.
Mr. Jamerson stated he was confident of his figures and was
ready to make a decision on this issue, but did not intend to
advocate the Board make a decision tonight. Mr. Torrence
said he was also prepared to decide and made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley that the County continue to operate
its landfill as currently planned, proceed with the
permitting application and construction of the new cell to be
used only to dispose of solid waste generated in Appomattox
County, to notify Nelson and Buckingham Counties of this
decision, and not to enter into any agreement or contract
with Chambers Development Co. to truck the County’s waste to
their privately owned landfill in Amelia County. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr.
Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the condition
of the endloader at the Landfill and called Mr. Peterson to
review the status of this machine.
The existing 1988 model 963 endloader needs a new
undercarriage which will cost $14,000.00 to $16,000.00.
Also, its warranty has expired and its use exceeds 7100
hours.
Mr. Peterson related he had recently talked tO
representatives of Carter Machinery Company from Salem,
Virginia. They have agreed to sell the County a 1992
Caterpillar model 973 endloader for $197,752.00 and finance
it through Caterpillar Financial Services. Using the 963 for
a trade in, payments would be $3,136.00 per month for 56
months and the 57th and final payment would be $60,000.00.
Also, the first payment could be delayed until July, 1993.
Carter would guarantee to repurchase the machine sixty (60)
months from the date of delivery or after 7,500.00 hours use
for $60,000.00. Further, Mr. Peterson believes there are no
other endloaders manufactured comparable to this one because
Caterpillar is the only manufacturer to provide this