064
(op)
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Town had requested the Board of Supervisorsconsider adopting an ordinance pertaining to the condemnation of property.
Mr. Carter explained that the Town has found an avenue to handle this problem and thatno action is necessary at this time by the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that due to the extremely dry conditions farmers had suffered.Mr. Bosiger asked if the Board would like to pass a drought resolution asking theGovernor for assistance for the farmers?
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the drought conditions in the County of Appomattox have severely affectedfarmers; and
WHEAREAS, during the growing season of this year the County of Appomattox hasreceived considerably less rain than normal while experiencing unseasonably hightemperatures; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox Food and Agriculture Council, made up of theFarm Service Agency, the Natural Resource Conservation Service, and VirginiaCooperative Extension has reported that approximately 54,000 acres of farm land hasbeen adversely affected within the County at an estimated loss of $1,670,000.00 ; and
WHEREAS, it is incumbent upon the County of Appomattox Board of Supervisors ofthe County of Appomattox, Virginia, that the County Administrator is hereby instructedto file with the Governor of Virginia a request that the County of Appomattox bedesignated as a drought disaster area.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next asked the Board if they were prepared to proceed with a contract withCraddock-Cunningham for architectural services for the Health Department Roof?
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the contract with Craddock-Cunningham for architectural services for the Health Department roof. Vote: Mr.Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the roof on the County Administration building was alsoleaking and asked if the Board wished to proceed with bids for these repairs?