431
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to see closure to this and feels that everyone would benefit
from this. Mr. Tanner stated that the waterline is crucial to Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter stated that Ms. Beasley has hit the nail on the head tonight in the waterline and
economic development coordinator goes hand in hand. Mr. Carter stated that we are going in the
right direction and it is now time to move on.
Mr. Moore stated that he agrees with Mr. Carter and we should move along with the waterline.
Mr. Craft stated that we have committed to Campbell County and we need to stay with our
commitment.
Chairman Conrad stated that we are in the 21" Century and we as a County are pursuing to
compete and grow. Business and services are a benefit to everyone and businesses are not going
to come here without the waterline.
Mr. Conrad stated that we need to move forward with this project.
Mr. Tanner stated that he appreciated the comments and the unity of this Board.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to start the next stage of the development of the waterline and to
instruct the County Administrator to collect information so we can look into the creation of a
public services authority.
Chairman Conrad stated that adding to the motion he feels it needs to be more pointed and need
to say to get out a RFP for design and development of this waterline and get the information so
that we continue to move forward.
Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing
none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9 -Joint meeting with EDA and Planning
Commission and called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that it had been discussed having a half day session on a Saturday to talk
about a vision with the County and Board. Ms. Ferguson stated that as soon as she has been
given some dates from Mr. Roark and Mr. Spencer she would bring them to the Board.
Chairman Conrad presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Minutes
December 1, 2008 — Regular Schedule Meeting
December 2, 2008 — Joint Meeting with School Board
December 15, 2008 — Joint Meeting with Extension Office