46/
allow truck and trailer storage and repairs and contractor facilities to include sandblasting
pel Steven Connor came forward and gave his address as P.O. Box 1091, Appomattox. Mr.
meen oFMee representing Bobby Moore of BEMCO, Inc. and Mr. Bryant who is selling
y to Mr. Moore, who already has the adjacent property. This i i
the property and the activities on the adjacent property. property. is 1s Just an extension of
Mr. Stidham asked for any other comments.
At 7:05 P.M., hearing no other comments and havi itiP aving no oth iaestared Ghecabligfeeciwloee. g no other petitions to present, Mr. Kendrick
2 erryKefarick, Chairman
On February 5, 2001 at 6:00 p.m., the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regular
meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present: Jerry Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. - Assistant County Administrator
At 6:01 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick called Mr. Hal Craddock of Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partners to appear
before the Board to give an update on the status of the Courthouse Renovation Project. Mr.
Carddock along with Shann Arrington came forward. They have been working with Blair
Construction Company with the estimating costs to keep this within the 2.5 million dollar budget.
Mr. Craddock gave each member a preliminary sketch of the project with estimated costs. The
renovated section with approximately 7000 sq. ft. will cost approximately $85.00 per square foot.
The new addition with two (2) levels consisting of approximately 10,875 square feet will cost around
$120.00 per square foot. Mr. Craddock feels the judge has been very helpful in helping to keep the
cost within budget.
Mr. Craddock, and Mr. Arrington feel we need a contingency fund of approximately 7% on the