| 434
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on May 31, 1994 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, North Court Street,
Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Torrence, Chairman, presiding called the public hearing to order at
6:30 P.M. Mr. Torrence explained the purpose of the hearing which was
to receive public comment on the proposed FY95 budget, and the
procedure for being allowed to speak. Mr. Torrence then asked if
anyone else wished to sign up to speak.
Hearing no further request, Mr. Torrence called the first person on the
list, Ms. Jamie Hall.
Ms. Hall came forward and stated her address as Route 2, Box 21,
Pamplin, Virginia. Ms. Hall began by saying that she speaks for her
husband and herself. Ms. Hall stated that an adequate education must
be provided for our children. Ms. Hall urges the Board of Supervisors
to fully fund the School Budget.
Ms. Renee Hoffman, Route 4, Box 124, Appomattox, Virginia spoke next.
Ms. Hoffman asked the Board of Supervisors to reconsider the decision
to cut the School Boards budget. Ms. Hoffman stressed that our
children’s education was entrusted to the schools and that the Board
must fund the needs. Ms. Hoffman urged the Board of Supervisors not tc
short change the schools and at least level fund.
Mr. John Kidd spoke next. Mr. Kidd gave his address as Route 5, Box
513, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Kidd began by asking the Board to move
forward instead of backwards. Mr. Kidd feels that if it is necessary
to raise taxes in order to move forward, then he favored a tax
increase. Mr. Kidd felt that all County budget requests should be
fully funded and requested the Board reconsider the budget in all areas
Mr. Torrence next called Mr. Franklin Vaughan, Spout Spring, Virginia
to be heard.
Mr. Vaughan began by stating that having served on the Board of
Supervisors in the past, he fully understood the Board’s position. Mr
Vaughan requested the Board fully fund the school’s FY95 budget
request. Mr. Vaughan feels that with the proposed budget cut for the
school this is a step backwards. Mr. Vaughan feels that the Board
should raise taxes, if necessary, to fully fund the School budget. He
asked the Board to rethink their decision.