626
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Gillespie.
Mr. Kendrick next called the Fire Department Committee to appear before the Board. This
Committee has requested to meet with the Board to discuss funding for a new fire truck and a new
department building.
Mr. Watkins Abbitt and John Caldwell came forward to represent the Fire Department. Mr. Abbitt
stated they were here to ask for help. Mr. Abbitt stated the fire department was in dire need of a
new facility. They have answered more than 200 calls so far this year, put in more than 4,000 man
hours on call and 1,200 man hours cleaning up and re-packing equipment afterwards. They also do
500 mandated hours of state training. This will give you some idea of what they go through and we
all know what it would be like if we did not have these volunteers, and the cost involved if we had
to have paid fire and rescue personnel. The proposed building will come in under $400,000. This is
a bare bones building. They realize that now is a tough time for the County, but they are not asking
for money now, but that money be put in the budget next year and around $25,000 for a total of six
years. They need a commitment in order to get financing from the bank
Mr. Kendrick asked when the committee needed an answer.
Mr. Abbitt would like to have a commitment tonight if possible, as there are some things that need
to be done as soon as possible.
Mr. Caldwell spoke of the dedication of the volunteers in the fire and rescue departments. There are
some problems with the present location, the fumes and the noise. The department has out grown
the space, and in some instances, the response is hindered by having to cross the railroad tracks The
Rescue Squad has donated the land next to their building and the fire department is looking to build
a building similar to the one in Pamplin. They would like to break ground within the next six
months if the Board of Supervisors makes a commitment to help fund this endeavor.
There was some discussion and praise of the project and funds the committee feels they can raise.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Abbitt and Mr. Caldwell.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to commit $25,000 a year beginning in
FY2003 for the next six years to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department for construction of a
new fire department building. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bobby Wingfield with the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department addressed the Board
regarding the purchase of a new fire truck as discussed at the joint meeting of the Board of
Supervisors and the Appomattox Town Council on 8-23-2001. The Town has approved the purchase
of this truck on 25%/75% basis with the County. This truck would replace the 1972 pumper now
in service. The new vehicle would be equipped with a mechanical ladder providing more safety to
the firefighters and also cover the two and three story buildings now located in the County and
Town. Pamplin VFD will also be trained in the use of this vehicle for use if the need should arise.