221
Ms. Ferguson began with giving a review of the School budget. Ms. Ferguson explained
that the local increase to get all matches is $8,966 over and above what had originally
been projected. The Board had discussed reducing their budget by all the local program
support which was $161,172, so if you add that $8,966 back you end up a School
reduction of $152,206.
Ms. Ferguson explained that going through all the reductions that were made on the
budget at the March 19, 2008 meeting totals up to $238,465. That is not adding the 9.3
percent to the budget for the two resource officers and the one officer that is on the town
budget to bring those officers up to what the others are making.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if you took the total of reductions which is $238,465 from the
short fall at .46 cent you come up with $493,777. Ms. Ferguson stated that she had
spoken with the Landfill Supervisor trying to make sure of the amount of money we will
need in order to close cell I in June and complete all the manned sites. The figure that
that they came up with is $500,000 to do the six sites with fencing, housing, the
compactor boxes and everything that is necessary to bring them into shape that they need
to be in. Ms. Ferguson explained that not opening the new cell will leave about 2.5
million borrowed on a bond. She proposes to use $500,000 of that money to complete
the manned sites and use the $722,000 out of that to close Cell I and we pay the debt
service this year of $455,041 out of the bond money then you would have a budget short
fall of about $48,000 at .46 cent. Ms. Ferguson stated that whatever is left in the bond
will be paid back into that.
Ms. Ferguson stated that once the manned sites are complete responsibilities will be
changing at the landfill. We will see a lot of shifting around but not a lot of actual change
in required salaries for these sites. Ms. Ferguson stated that our policy states that we will
try to find jobs for everyone and this is our goal.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would recommend that the Board propose a tax rate of 50
cent per 100.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had received the projections from the State on most of the
Constitutional Officers budgets and they are just about what she projected in the revenue.
Changes in the revenue will be minimal.
Mr. Conrad questioned the total amount to be given to the Schools. Ms. Ferguson stated
that the total amount proposed is $21,679,914. Ms. Ferguson explained that she looked at
what was done last year and they have given the school the amount needed to meet the
match for State and Federal standards.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this is proposed and the Board can make any changes that they
see fit. Mr. Conrad stated that he has a problem with the majority of school money going
to at-risk programs. He states that we have children that want to compete with children
in Northern Virginia for colleges and here we are putting the majority of money in at-risk
programs.