BAT
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors offers the following language to replace Article Ix,
Section 2, of the By-Laws of the Virginia Association of Counties to
read;
Section 2. Composition and Election. The Board of
Directors shall consist of the President, The
President-Elect, the First Vice-President, the Second
Vice-President, the Secretary-Treasurer, the Immediate Past
President, the three next most recent Virginia Association
of Counties past-presidents who currently hold office as
elected Virginia county supervisors, and twenty-two members
elected on a "one person - one vote" basis from the member
counties located within the region that Board of Directors
member will represent. The Board of Directors shall
designate one member of the Board who is not an officer to
represent the Association on the Board of Directors of the
National Association of Counties. (The suggested change has
been underlined) .
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors urges other member counties of the Virginia Association of
Counties to pass a similar resolution to ensure that local regions are
represented by their preferred candidate as opposed to an individual
elected by the membership at large.
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The next resolution requested was concerning Virginia Department of
Transportation Funding Formula. After discussion, Mr. Moore made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation is considering
changes in the Department’s Funding Formula; and
WHEREAS, these proposed changes appear to be detrimental to
Appomattox County and rural central Virginia; and
WHEREAS, these proposed changes provide for formula changes based
on population and mass transportation needs; and
WHEREAS, the unpaved road formula is proposed to increase from the
current fifty (50) vehicles per day to one hundred (100) vehicles per
day to qualify for pavement.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE JIT HEREBY RESOLVED: That the Board of
Supervisors of Appomattox County opposes the formula changes hased on
population, and objects highly to the proposed changes in qualification
requirements for unpaved roads; and