673
3. Cowboy “X” Games Festival Permit: Cowdiva Productions, LLC,. has applied
to hold Cowboy “X” games at 3584 Liberty Chapel Road, Appomattox, Va. There
will be approximately 30 competitors and an estimated 250 attendees. The
applicant has requested that the bond be waived.
Recommendation is that this application be reviewed and considered for
approval.
There was some discussion as to this being some of the same people involved in the
Festival Permit request that was approved recently for Cowboy X games to be held on
property owned by John & Vickie Hix on Holiday Lake Road. There are some concerns
that this application is not clear as to where, and the dates to be held.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to table this issue until the next
meeting and more information is received. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
4. Board of Zoning Appeals Reappointment: The term of James Cheatham
on the Board of Zoning Appeals has expired. Mr. Cheatham has expressed the
desire to serve another five (5) year term expiring in 2012. Does the Board wish
to recommend to the Circuit Court Judge that Mr. Cheatham be reappointed for
an additional term.
Recommendation is that the Board nominate Mr. Cheatham to the Circuit Court
Judge as a candidate for reappointment to the Board of Zoning Appeals.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to recommend to the Circuit Court
Judge that Mr. James Cheatham be reappointed to the Board of Zoning Appeals for
another five (5) year term expiring in 2012. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
4A. Resolution to Endorse the Application for Virginia _ Tobacco
Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission Economic
Development Grant Program fund to aid in the Development of Phase
II of the Appomattox Workforce Development Center.
Mr. Spencer made a few comments regarding these funds. We have a carry-over from
last year, plus this year’s allowance to apply for, amounting to approximately
$51,000.00. Last fall, we applied for $250,000.00 from another pot of money at the
Tobacco Commission for CVCC Phase II. We had a budget of project cost based on
the fact that we have a greater understanding of what CVCC wants out of Phase II. We
have the opportunity to apply for this economic allocation by June 1, 2007 which would
help off-set this additional costs. This resolution basically states that we have put a lot
of money into Phase I which has been completed. Phase II has already had
$250,000.00 committed from the Tobacco Commission as well as the County has
committed a large chunk of money.
RESOLUTION TO ENDORSE THE APPLICATION FOR VIRGINIA TOBACCO INDEMNIFICATION
AND COMMUNITY REVIATILIZATION COMMISSION ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT GRANT