493
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Mr. Scott Armey, Denton
County Commissioner, Lewisville, TX. for a resolution supporting
reinstating prayer in public schools.
RESOLUTION URGING THAT PRAYER BE RETURNED TO THE PUBLIC SCHOOL.
WHEREAS, The Constitution of the United States Article (1) states
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, oy
prohibiting the free exercise thereof..."; and
WHEREAS, our nation was founded upon by many different religious
beliefs and ideals of settlers from other countries; and
WHEREAS, the framers of our Constitution sought to protect
everyone from one mandated state religion; and
WHEREAS, our nation was founded on the freedom OF RELIGION and was
not founded on the freedom FROM RELIGION; and
WHEREAS, through time, court decisions and certain interest groups
have contributed to the deterioration of those religious beliefs and
ideals to the extent that prayer has been banned from the public schoo]
system; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors, Appomattox County, Virginia
strongly believes that reinstitution of prayer in the public schools
will move this nation toward those religious ideals and beliefs upon
which this nation was founded; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors, Appomattox County, Virginia
urges all cities and counties across this State to join in an effort t¢
reinstate prayer in the public schools by passing similar resolutions
and uniting in a "grass roots" movement for that purpose;
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors,
Appomattox County, Virginia strongly urges that prayer be returned to
the public school systems of this nation and invites all cities and
counties across this State to join in an effort to reinstate prayer in
the public schools by passing similar resolutions and uniting ina
grass roots movement for that purpose.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
The next request for a resolution was from Benjamin O. Tayloe with the
National Association for a Balanced Federal System, asking support for
the Article V Proposal of the Council of State Governments to restore
the state’s ability to initiate amendments without fear of a "runaway
convention".
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution: