Mr. Bosiger called the work session to order and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Bosiger began by giving a brief explanation of what was discussed at the last work
session and stating that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the present elementary
school site.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Torrence if he would begin with his comments concerning the
present elementary school site.
Mr. Torrence stated that he felt the key to the elementary school decision were with the
problems with the site itself. Mr. Torrence mentioned some of the problems such as the
location, traffic, surrounding industrial area, etc.
Mr. Milton Chambers stated that he was interested in hearing facts concerning why the
engineers felt the site would not work for a school.
Mr. Robert Pankey stated that he was interested in hearing pros and con’s concerning the
site.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he was interested in the costs that have been projected for site
improvements and explanations for these costs.
Mr. Moore stated that he had come up with some suggestions for bus traffic at the present
school and was interested in hearing what everyone had to say.
Mr. Carwile stated that he still had an open mind to listening to the engineer’s address the
concerns that have been brought by many. Mr. Carwile continued that he feels the
concerns can be addressed and accomplished. Mr. Carwile stated that he was curious to
hear what was to be said concerning this issue.
Mr. Dallas Summers began that he feels the traffic pattern could be addressed. Mr.
Summers feels that route 691 is not a good road to run school buses on.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not have anything more than what had already been asked.
Mr. Bill Jamerson said that he did not see a problem with the site. Mr. Jamerson
continued that he would like to see the proposal for traffic patterns that Hurt & Proffitt
would be presenting.
Mr. Tom Schmutz said that he had been on a tour of the school. Mr. Schmutz continued
that he was interested in hearing what would be done with the children during the
renovation process. Mr. Schmutz said that he had toured the Middle School and felt that
a nice job had been done with the renovation and addition. Mr. Schmutz explained that
he had also toured the recently renovated Leesville Elementary School. Mr. Schmutz