108
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Mr. John H. Burks came forward and gave his address as 109 Kingswood Lane,
Lynchburg, Va. 24504. Mr. Burks stated he recently purchased this lot in Spout Spring
and would like to rezone it in order to place another dwelling on this lot. It would not
be a mobile home it would be a modular or better. He would be willing to include this in
the deed if necessary.
Ms. Lois Bartell of Route 2, Box 2335, Spout Spring, Va. spoke nest. She is against the
re-zoning of this property. It is her understanding that in the R-2 district the lot only
has 8 ft. frontage. She is totally against the adding of another dwelling on the road
because it would take away from the rural setting.
Mr. Spencer called for additional comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer read the next petition.
05-553 — Anchor Sales, Inc./Larry Rakes: Request for a Conditional Use
Permit to allow the operation of a ready mix concrete plant on Route 630
between Route 460 and Route 676. Subject property is a portion of Tax Map
#90(7)A and is 3.00 acres in size and is zoned Industrial District M-1.
Mr. Spencer called for comments in favor of this petition.
Mr. Larry Rakes of Rt. 1, Box 711, Appomattox, Va.: Mr. Rakes stated he was in favor of
this petition. Mr. Rakes stated he approached Mr. O’Brien about this concrete plant
when he read in the newspaper that they were having a hard time locating at another
site. When he was zoned M-1, he promised his neighbors that he would be a good
neighbor and keep a buffer zone of about 12 feet. He maintains approximately 18 to 20
feet of tree line. He also deals with a lot of concrete plants and he has seen little dust
and he feels like the new satellite plants are not as hazardous as a fully operational
concrete plant. He purchased his land for an investment. He owns 10 acres and he is
selling 3 acres to Lynchburg Ready Mix. This is an excellent location for this business
and he feels they will be good neighbors.
Mr. Paul Richards, Route 6, Box 1755BC, Appomattox, Va.: He has seen little towns die
constantly because of the lack of businesses. If we want this town to grow and prosper,
we will have to bring businesses into keep the people here and have jobs here. If we
continue to refuse businesses from coming in, we might as well close the doors because
we will not have any tax base, no one working to pay taxes and eventually the town will
fold.
Mr. Bobby O’Brien, 1912 Quarry Road, Lynchburg, Va. 24503.: Mr. O’Brien stated he is
president and owner of Lynchburg Ready Mix. They are hoping to have this petition
approved so they can set up a new state-of-the-art concrete facility. Every part of this
plant would be brand new and all would be up to or beyond standards. Air pollution
equipment that will be attached which will control the dust at the loading point, is to be
built in the next six weeks. It will be a clean operation meeting all necessary air and