032
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on December 18, 1995 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia. 24522.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Absent:
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Garet K. Bosiger - Supervisor Elect
Mr. Paulette called the hearing to order at 6:30 p.m. stated the
purpose of the hearing was to receive public comments on a proposed
Regional Decal Enforcement Ordinance and amendments to Article V,
Section 147-12, A. & C., Appomattox County Code.
Mr. Paulette next read the Proposed Regional Decal Ordinance as follows
ORDINANCE SECTION 168-19
WHEREAS, Virginia Code Section 46.2-752(K), as amended, allows the
governing bodies of any two or more counties, cities, or towns to enter
into compacts for the regional enforcement of local motor vehicle
license requirements; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox has agreed to enter into a Compact
for the Enforcement of Vehicle Decal Ordinances to provide for the
enforcement of such local ordinances; and
WHEREAS, by resolution adopted earlier in this meeting, the Board of
Supervisors resolved to participate in said compact and authorized the
County Administrator to sign said compact on its behalf.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox that the Code of the County of Appomattox is
hereby amended and reordained by the following added section, as
follows:
Appomattox County Compact for the enforcement of vehicle decals.
Pursuant to the Appomattox County Motor Vehicle License Tax:
(a) Any owner or operator of a motor vehicle who is required
to display a local motor vehicle license for that vehicle
by a participating jurisdiction must display such license
at all times which such vehicle is operated or parked
in the County of Appomattox.
(1) Any vehicle exempt in a participating jurisdiction
from imposition of the license tax or fee under