305
15. Landfill: Please transfer by consent $1,230.00 from recycling to landfill budget
for increase in employee salary.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 16 — 24)
16. Letter from Tom W. Fore, Chairman, Amherst County Board of
Supervisors: Chairman Fore writes the Board thanking you for your support
and cooperation throughout the exemption process for the Proposed Regional
Jail Project. He also noted their thanks to Delegate Abbitt for his efforts in the
presentation and support of the bill.
17. Virginia Byway Designation — Route 47: The Department of Transportation
has notified us that the Virginia Byway Designation for Route 47 has been
approved.
18. Department of Transportation: Please find enclosed the construction and
maintenance performance quarterly report for the second quarter FY06.
19. Appomattox County School Board Meeting Calendar — 2006: Enclosed
for your information if the 2006 meeting calendar for the School Board.
20. Department of Health: The Health Department has provided the land
application sites for Nutri-Blend, Inc. in Appomattox County.
21. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Board of
Directors Meeting of the Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District held on
November 17, 2005.
22. Information and Referral Center: Quarterly Information and Referral Center
of Central Virginia’s Problems/Needs Inquiries.
23. Water Supply Planning Grant: As you will remember we joined with other
localities in Region 2000 to apply for a Water Study Planning Grant. Enclosed is
the notification that was posted on the DEQ Website. Our Regional grant was
approved.
24. Construction Costs Provided by Blair Smith: Blair Smith has provided us
with a chart showing how school construction costs have been escalating over
the last several years.
Mr. Conrad commented that the information provided by Blair Smith regarding the
escalating costs of school construction was especially interesting and could be a useful
tool in dealing with the school budget.
Mr. Carter introduced Mr. Johnnie Roark, the new County Planner, and welcomed him as
an employee of the County of Appomattox.
Mr. Carter then called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Conrad is quite concerned about the Lynchburg Ready Mix property on Route 460 at
Concord. They had promised us that they were going to demolish this site. Demolish
means removing the silo as well as the building on the property. The silo has been
taken down but left on the property and the building is still standing. He would like for
Mr. Overstreet to remind them that this needs to be taken care of as promised.