377
Mr. Roark explained that this new ordinance will improve administration, correct
inconsistencies, and update processes. It will guide development to designated areas instead of
development guiding you.
Mr. Roark stated that in April 2006, the Planning Commission voted to take on this challenge as
outlined in the Comprehensive Plan. In July 2006, a committee began meeting setting the
direction and framework. In October 2007, the committee presented the draft ordinance to the
full Planning Commission and they began reviewing it page by page. In October 2008, the
development of a new zoning map began and was finalized in December 2008. In May 2009, the
Planning Commission review was completed and they voted to forward it to the Board of
Supervisors for consideration.
Mr. Roark explained that the Planning Commission has reviewed this plan and are familiar with
the content and changes. He stated that the Planning Commission has held all their discussions
in open session, sought written comments via internet and utilized citizen survey results to
incorporate new standards for landscaping and signage. The Planning Commission has discussed
this matter at each of its last 18 meetings.
Mr. Roark stated that from this point, the Board at its discretion can determine what process to
use to review the draft ordinance. Mr. Roark stated that public comment is still welcome and the
Board will determine when, or if to adopt a revised version of the Zoning Ordinance and what
form that should be.
Mr. Roark stated that the goal of this draft zoning ordinance is to implement the 2003
Comprehensive Plan. Mr. Roark stated that the County has made slow and steady progress in
this effort by adopting the Route 460 Corridor Management Plan in 2006, the adoption of the
Resource Conservation Plan in 2007 and the Revision to Subdivision Ordinance in 2007, by
offering the Citizen Survey in 2008 and the Greenways Master Plan in 2008. Mr. Roark stated
that this is the biggest piece so far and the most important to achieving the goals and objectives
of the plan.
Mr. Roark stated that there is no reason to rush into this, and asked the Board to take their time
and get this ordinance the way they want it. Mr. Roark stated that the ordinance is not perfect
nor will it be perfect when we are done. Mr. Roark stated that all parties involved are needed to
find errors, inconsistencies, unintended consequences and areas for improvement and this will
get the County closer to realizing “The Plan”.
Mr. Roark next briefed the Board on the impact of changes in this ordinance.
Mr. Roark explained that there are 11,403 parcels in the County and 95% of these parcels will
see some sort of change.