375
Mr. Carter agreed with Mr. Conrad’s comment and stated that he felt a subdivision would
be the only place this could possibly be done.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agreed with the Board on their comments and the only thing
was that he asked that if you burn to please burn responsibly. Mr. Tanner stated that out
of respect you could let your neighbor know that you are going to burn, but he feels that
if you want to burn, you should be able to burn.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action on the request to ban burning within
the County of Appomattox.
Chairman Craft called for discussion on the request from Virginians for Healthy Future to
pass a resolution asking the 2009 General Assembly to support a smoke free Virginia.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is against telling people in bars that they cannot smoke,
Chairman Craft stated that he felt it could be up to the citizen as to whether to patronize
businesses that allowed smoking.
Mr. Conrad stated that he feels the same way and if he did not want to go into a restaurant
that allowed smoking, he would go somewhere else.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action on this request.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5 — Virginia United Methodist Housing
Development Corporation and explained that they are requesting a real estate tax
exemption status.
Mr. Overstreet stated that this issue first came up about four years ago. In the past the
State Legislature had set out classifications for tax exempt property. For designation the
General Assembly would adopt a special act saying that certain places were exempt. Mr.
Overstreet stated that in 2003 they allowed by ordinance to exempt by designation. In
2004 the Board was of the opinion then that this was not going to be done. Mr.
Overstreet stated that nothing has changed since then so if the Board wanted to do this
they would have to adopt an ordinance stating that the Board would entertain a request
for tax exempt status by designation and then an application would have to be filed and a
public hearing would need to be held.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt that we needed to stay as we are.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
Approval of Minutes
September 19, 2008 — regular scheduled meeting