213
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, nay; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr}
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice brought to the Board’s attention that there were some funds
that needed to be encumbered from the FY93 Revenue to be paid in FY94.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to encumber $5,000.00
to pay for jail study, $439,300.00 plus $400,300.00 to pay sch
expenses for July and August, and $30,068.00 to pay for two (2) police
cars from FY93 Revenue Funds. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Rice to explain to the Board his proposal for
Central Virginia Planning District Commission to do some work for th
County.
Mr. Rice began by explaining that Appomattox County is entitled to 2
hours of service by Central Virginia Planning District Commission.
Rice went on to explain that the County’s Comprehensive plan was due
be updated. Mr. Rice suggests that instead of using our hours
update the Comprehensive Plan we should have our Zoning Maps updat
and improved at this time. Mr. Rice recommended that the County Zoni
Maps be updated in FY94 and the Comprehensive Plan be updated in FY95.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have Centra
Virginia Planning District Commission update and revise the Count
Zoning Map in FY94 using the County’s allotted hours. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice presented the Board with requests from the Youth Service
Commission, the Community Center Board and the Air Pollution Contro
Board for appointments to serve on their committees and Boards. Mn}
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to reappoint Terri
Conrad and Judy Mawyer to the Youth Services Commission for a three (3
year term ending in July 1996; and to appoint Mr. R. W. Mitchell,
representing Appomattox Town Council, to the Community Center Board to
finish the unexpired term of Mr. Samuel E. Carter. Vote: Mr,
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice brought up the issue of Pregnancy Leave mandated by th
Pregnancy Discrimination Act an amendment to Title VII of the Civi
Rights Act of 1964. Mr. Rice explained that the County Personn
personnel policy in matters of pregnancy leave.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up a request from Mr. Richard Marti
Director of Social Services, to issue Mr. Herbert Richardson
Certificate of Appreciation for his years of service on the Soci
Services Board. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
issue Mr. Herbert Richardson a Certificate of Appreciation for Servi