107
Mr. Jeff Crawford came forward and his reason for requesting this
variance was because his property drops off in the rear and, therefore,
the rear yard was not the ideal location for his garage. Mr. Crawford
asked for a favorable decision on his request.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments on this petition. Hearing none,
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 96-291 of Mr. Charles Griffin for a
Conditional Use Permit for Home Occupation (Sporting Good Sales) within
main dwelling. Property is Lot #15, Cedar Knolls Subdivision located
on Route 1065 between Route 767 and Dead end. Property is zoned R-1.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Charles R. Griffin came forward and gave his address as
Appomattox. Mr. Griffin stated he was a full time employee with
Ericcson and had run a small business in his home for six years,
selling firearms. Mr. Griffin continued that he follows all State
regulations in regards to firearms sales. Mr. Griffin continued that
the majority of his customers were also employees of Ericcson. He
stated that his operation was very "low key" with no signs located in
his yard. Mr. Griffin explained that his business was contained inside
his residence. Mr. Griffin continued that there was relatively little
traffic problem created with this business and that since January 1996
only ten (10) customers had visited his home. Mr. Griffin does not
feel his business adversly effects the neighborhood in anyway. Mr.
Griffin continued that his sales since January 1996 had been equally
divided between safes and guns. Mr. Griffin stated that in his opinion
his business was no different than someone selling tupperware and asked
for the Board to approve his request.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Howard Webb came forward next and stated his address as Amherst,
Virginia. Mr. Webb stated he was 29 years old and work with Mr.
Griffin. Mr. Webb also stated he was a customer of Mr. Griffin’s and
found Mr. Griffin to be considerate and knowledgeable. Mr. Webb
continued that Mr. Griffin promoted safety first when dealing with
firearms and that he was well respected among his clientele.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. Alfred Sharp came forward and stated his address as Cedar Knolls.
Mr. Sharp said that when he was locating here there was no zoning in
the County, so in order to find an area with restrictions he located in
Cedar Knolls. Mr. Sharp said he did not feel that this residential
area was the place for a business. Mr. Sharp also stated their road
was a dead end road which meant if someone purchased a gun from Mr.
Griffin, they would be coming back by their property to exit the
subdivision.
Mr. Sharp said he did not want to be exposed to this situation. Mr.
Sharp said that if this request were granted it is setting a precedent