218
Accessory Buildings; and ยง170-21, Uses Exempt from Zoning Permit. These
amendments are to provide flexibility in the placement of accessory buildings and
structures. No comments were heard.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve
changes to The A ppomattox C ounty Z oning Ordinance, S ection 1 70-81, R equirements
for Accessory Buildings and Section 170-21, Uses exempt from Zoning Permit as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes).
4. Lease Agreement with the School: Lease agreement between the School Board
and County for the use of the old elementary school as a temporary courthouse
facility and community recreation purposes has been drafted. Staff requests that
the Board adopt the lease agreement so work can begin immediately on the
construction of the necessary improvement to serve the court.
Mr. Carroll discussed with the Board the terms of the agreement and what options the
County would have regarding upkeep and maintenance on the building.
There was some discussion regarding repairs and maintenance as opposed to capital
improvements.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the wording in the Lease Agreement as to
upkeep, repairs and equipment replacement. Several Board members felt these monies
were already included in the School budget. Mr. Carroll urged the Board to reach an
agreement so the changes necessary for the building to be used for court purposes could
get started.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept the lease with an
additional contingency clause that states that if maintenance expense is not already
covered as part of the school budget for the old elementary school, we will be willing to
sign this agreement under the condition that we sign it for maintenance expense only and
not for capital expenditures. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then called attention to the Consent Agenda: ( Items 5-9)
5. Approval of the Bills: Please approve bills as presented.
Board Action:
6. Courthouse Project: Please approve bill for Courthouse Project:
$21,693.56 - Billing for 85% completion of Construction Documents.
Transfer of Funds/Supplemental Appropriations:
7. Community Park: Please approve the transfer and supplemental appropriation of
$120.00 from the Sports Complex fund to 7101-3002 Professional Services to pay
for DEQ permit related to land disturbance at the recreational park.