451
Mr. Moore called for comments against this petition.
Mr. Garet Bosiger, Route 1, Box 378, Appomattox, VA. came forward. Mr. Bosiger lives directlyacross from this property. He objects to the conditional use permit because it does not meet thecriteria of Section 170-23 of the Zoning Code.
Mrs. Julie Austin came forward and gave her address as Route 1, Box 382, Appomattox, Va. Mrs.Austin is not an adjacent landowner. She would like to point out that this dwelling is not“grandfathered” because it is not in the same location as it was ori ginally, it was replaced byadoublewide mobile home. She would not have any objection if this property were cut off and deeded to the
Commission is not being effective in enforcing Section 170-23 and assumes that if there is noOpposition to a petition at the public hearing, that the petition is automatically approved. She alsostated that she only knows of one such petition that was denied, one in Concord.
Mr. Moore called for other comments. Hearing none, he asked Mr. Stidham to read the next petitionfor consideration.
Zoning Ordinance Amendment - Amend Section 1 79-97(B)(8) of the Appomattox County ZoningOrdinance to reduce quorum requirements for the Board of Zoning Appeals to three (3) members..
Hearing no comments, Mr. Moore declared the Public Hearing was closed at 7:18 P.M.
Russell H. Moore, BU om
The Organizational Meet 'g of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on January
in;
8, 2001 at 6:00 P.M. at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court StreetAppomattox, VA. 
,PRESENT: Russell H, Moore, Chairman, Piney Mountain DistrictJerry Kendrick, Vice-Chairman, Appomattox River DistrictJesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
This being the Organizational Meeting, the County Administrator called the meeting to order at 6:04P.M. with Mr. Carter giving the invocation,