576
Mr. Mays explained that with the next reassessment land values will double. The
reason for this increase is because the last reassessment was not done properly.
Land values were understated. The farmers and land Owners are going to wantto go to land use. Going to land use will entail a lot of work. The Commissioner's
Office must be prepared for this. He is currently training one of his employees to
help with real estate transfers and new construction. He spends about eight (8)weeks, with the help of a deputy, to do new construction. Taxes can only be
assessed on completed construction projects unless the Board adopts an
ordinance.
There were some questions regarding the necessity of having someone
accompany Mr. Mays when assessing new construction and real estate transfers.
Also is it mandated that the Commissioner's Office fill out State taxes? Why do
Federal taxes?
Mr. Mays explained that he was required to process State tax returns. He also
stated that he does Federal taxes because he inherited it when he took office
and also it was a campaign promise early in his career.
Mr. Mays stated he is requesting a new full time position for his office. He would
then only need $7,500.00 part-time money for FY2005 to have someone answer
the telephone during tax season.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Mays for his input and commended his office for the job
they do.
Mr. Carter next called Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Appomattox County Schools to
address the Board.
Dr. Krug stated that the School Board had worked hard to present a budget that
would start to make some course corrections. The Board of Supervisors has
been very patient with them in trying to understand the plight they were in and
the course they have been going in for the past few years. The School Board
put together a budget they felt would start to address some of the issues and
presented a budget that would do just that. They have a little flexibility now
with the rates for Blue Cross/Blue Shield, with the new rates they will save about
$100,000.00 in this year’s budget.
Ms. Ferguson called attention to a chart that came from the State in which they
talk about funding and what the County has to do in order for the schools to
receive maximum State Funding. In reviewing the last budget presented by the
School Board (dated May 24) she would say that just about everything addressed
on the chart is addressed by this budget. It is exactly as shown except for the
debt service which we have not looked at. You are funding roughly $489,695