006
Ms. Cruthers pointed out the new tower would permit uses of
the Cellular phones in a wider area which’ should be of
benefit especially when using Cellular phones for emergency
services. Mr. Cruthers also pointed out the tower would
provide better Cellular telephone services to tourists at the
National Park.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those in favor of the
petition. Mr. Jon B. Montgomery, Superintendent of the
Appomattox Court House National Historic Park rose and
addressed the Board. Mr. Montgomery read from previously
prepared comments thusly:
The National Park Service would like to go on record as
supporting the petition of the Town of Appomattox #92-168
for the conditional use permit to construct a 250’ tower
on land owned by the town and located off Route 658. This
location already has a water tower and a 200’ transmission
tower utilized by the Sheriff’s Office. A second tower
located here would have little or no impact on Appomattox
Court House National Historical Park and its historical
resources.
Conversely we would strongly object to another proposed
location nearer the park that is being considered. As we
understand it this location is on _ property owned by Mr.
David Nash. From this location the tower would be easily
visible from Appomattox Court House National Historical
Park.
Appomattox Court House National Historical Park is a
national treasure. It belongs to all Americans not just
the people of Appomattox County. Each year thousands and
thousands of visitors come from all over the country and
many foreign countries to see this historic spot.
One of the things that sets Appomattox Court House
National Historical Park apart from most other Civil War
parks is the almost total lack of modern intrusions. The
National Park Service works very hard to maintain this
atmosphere. Visitors can, with only a little imagination,
easily transport themselves back to 1865. They can easily
find the "stillness" about which Bruce Catton has written
so eloquently. It will be difficult, if not impossible,
to maintain this illusion with a 300 foot transmission
tower looming over the horizon, visible from the park.
We are asking that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisorsand the Appomattox Board of Zoning Appeals
support the location off Route 658.
Thank you for your consideration.
Mr. Jamerson asked for any other comments. Mr. Bicking noted
Centel Cellular was no longer considering the site on Mr.
David Nash’s property.
Mr. Jamerson asked for further comments. There being none,