623
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on May 15, 1995 at 7:30 P.M. in the School Board conference room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Mr. Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Absent:
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Also Present:
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting at 7:30 P.M. and called Mr.
McCullem with Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program to appear before
the Board.
Mr. McCullem provided the Board of Supervisors with a handout
explaining the Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program and the services
currently offered. (Handout on file in May 1995 Board file.)
Mr. McCullem started by explaining that VASAP was the type of program
that the governor was looking for. It was self sufficient and did not
require tax dollars to operate. Mr. McCullem continued by saying that
he ran the VASAP like any business. If they don’t make the money, they
don’t spend it.
Mr. McCullem requested that if the Board wants VASAP to provide these
CDI services, he would like to start now, instead of in October or
November.
A lengthy discussion followed with questions being asked of Mr.
McCullem concerning how his program will operate and what he is capable
of handling.
Mr. Torrence stated that a decision had been made to stay with Piedmont
Court Services for July - September 1995 and he felt the Board should
stay with this decision.
Mr. McCullem felt that he could not see what advantage the three (3)
months would give the Board as far as gauging the effectiveness of
either program.
He continued by saying it would only cause him and Ms. Maxey to have to
come before the Board with presentations again.
Mr. McCullem thanked the Board for allowing him to explain his program
and for their time.
Mr. Torrence stated that he is not convinced that VASAP is the way to
proceed.