104
In the County of Appomattox in conjunction with the worldwide celebration of WORLD
TOWN PLANNNIG DAY.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented an invitation from Ray Servis for the Board to attend a
breakfast in honor of Watkins Abbitt, Jr. and Richard Holland at the Moose Lodge on
October 4, 1999 at 8:00 A.M. Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. Servis needed to know
how many members would be attending.
Everyone except Mr. Carter stated that they would be able to attend the breakfast on
October 4, 1999.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from W. M. Caldwell that he be allowed to attend
the annual Virginia Building Code Officials Association meeting.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve for Mr. Caldwell to
attend the annual Virginia Building and Code Officials Association meeting on October
31 — November 2 at an approximate cost of $300.00. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Hurt & Proffitt had submitted their bill for charges for
the work they had performed on the elementary school project.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve $7,510.87 and
appropriate the same to pay Hurt & Proffitt for services provided for the elementary
school project. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented the bids that were received for the work on the Health
Department roof and the County Administration Building roof. Mr. Bosiger explained
that Mrs. Ferguson was recommending the Board except the low bid from J. E. Jamerson
in the amount of $113,950.00 plus the asbestos disposal at approximately $5,000.00.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the bid for replacement
of the roof on the Health Department and the County Administration building from J. E.
Jamerson in the amount of $113,950.00 plus approximately $5,000.00 for asbestos
disposal. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented the contract from Craddock Cunningham Architectural
Partners for services in connection with the addition to the Sheriff's Office.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept Craddock
Cunningham’s contract in the amount of $18,000.00 for architectural services in
connection with the addition to the Sheriff's Department. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.