Mr. Austin stated it may be delayed some but at this point in time, they did not know exactly
what would happen.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Austin.
The next person to address the Board was Robert G. Mitchell, Mayor, Town of Pamplin.
Mr. Mitchell came before the Board to request assistance for disposing of solid waste associated
with the Pamplin Community Development Block Grant project by waiving fees and furnishing a
dumpster or two. They are refurbishing several homes in order to achieve Section 8 status, i.e.
bring these home up to minimum standards. They are also planning to do some clearing away of
deserted home and do some general clean up. They are hoping to receive a grant somewhere in
the amount of one million dollars with 75% of this going into housing and the remaining 25% be
used for septic system work. He has spoken to Ms. Rockefeller at the Landfill and they will
comply with the County’s waste and trash separation policies.
Mr. Mitchell stated they have not estimated the costs but they need approval in advance prior to
March 27", 2002. They will generate the figures for the Board of Supervisors within the next
two (2) weeks.
Mr. Carwile asked they had a completion date in mind and what type of debris would be
generated.
Mr. Mitchell they hoped to be finished within one year, once they get started (Sept. 2003). The
type of debris will be going to the landfill. They will be able to burn some of this with the help
of the fire department. If the County cannot transport the dumpsters to the landfill, then Pamplin
will have to make arrangement to have this done.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to waive fees and provide two (2)
dumpsters for the Pamplin Community Development Block Grant project. VOTE: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 6:56 p.m. Mr. Carter recessed the Board of Supervisors meeting for two (2) open public
hearings.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Joint Public Hearing with the Planning Commission.
PRESENT: (Planning Commission)
Kevin O’Brien - Chairman
Al Sears