18
deputies. These deputies shall be placed on the Authority’s salary schedule as determined by the Authority, and shall
have no right to any specific salary. Such employees will also be entitled to the benefits offered by the Authority, to
the extent those are different from those offered by the counties. Such employees shall be considered new employees
for purposes of a probationary period, and shall have no right to continued employment because of their previous
employment with either of the county sheriff's offices.
10. Payments by Amherst and Appomattox Counties prior to the
Opening of the Amherst County Adult Detention Center.
Ambherst County and Appomattox County agree to be responsible for one-half the cost of the Community-
Based Corrections Plan and Planning Study, payment for which shall be made to the Authority no later than July 31,
2007. In addition, in the event that the Commonwealth does not reimburse the Authority for the other one-half of the
Community-Based Corrections Plan and Planning Study, Amherst County and Appomattox County agree to be
responsible for the amount that is not reimbursed. In addition, Amherst County and Appomattox County agree to make
a payment to the Authority in both fiscal year 2008 and fiscal year 2009 of $50,000 per year to reimburse the Authority
for the time Authority employees and consultants spend on the construction of the Amherst County Adult Detention
Center. Payment shall be made by September 1, 2008 and September 1, 2009. The above payments from each County
shall be based on the percentage of inmates from each jurisdiction as to each other in the previous fiscal year.
11. Provisions of Service Agreement.
The adoption of this Amendment shall not relieve the Original Members from any of their obligations under
the Service Agreement. By agreeing to this Amendment, Amherst County and Appomattox County agree to be bound
by the terms ofthe Service
Agreement, in particular Section 4.3, 4.4, Article V, and Section 6.6. All of the parties agree that they will commit to
the provisions of Section 4.3 until the final payment or defeasance of any Notes, Bonds or other temporary or
permanent financing for the renovation and construction of the Initial Regional Jail Facilities issued or obtained by the
Authority as well as the final payment or defeasance of any Notes, Bonds or other temporary or permanent financing
for the construction of the Amherst County Adult Detention Center.
12. Notices to Amherst and Appomattox.
As set forth in Section 10.2 of the Service Agreement, notices to either Amherst County or Appomattox
County shall be sent to the County Administrator.
13. Withdrawal of Amherst and Appomattox.
1f the Commonwealth of Virginia does not provide funding for 50% of the eligible costs of constructing the
Amherst County Adult Detention Center, the Authority shall have no obligation to construct or operate the Amherst
County Adult Detention Center or to accept inmates from either Amherst or Appomattox, and upon an affirmative vote
of the majority of the Authority members from the jurisdictions other than Amherst and Appomattox, Amherst and
Appomattox agree that they will withdraw as members of the Authority with no right to recover any payments they
have made pursuant to this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed as of date above written.
City of Lynchburg by: L. Kimball Payne, III - City Manager
Bedford County by: Kathleen D, Guzi - County Administrator
City of Bedford by: Charles Kolakowski — City Manager
Campbeil County by; R. David Laurell — County Administrator
Halifax County by: Bryan Foster — County Administrator
Amherst County by: Rodney E. Taylor - County Administrator
Appomattox County by: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion seconded by Mr. Armbrust to adopt
the amended Regional Jail Authority Agreement. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Also, in approving the new agreement you will need to adopt a resolution
appointing members to the Authority. The Sheriff is automatically a member of