505
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsay if she knew anything about the signs that
had been installed at the Oakville container site.
Ms. Lindsay stated that she was unaware of any new signs in this area.
Mr. Torrence explained that the sign in question was put up by the
County, designating the new dumpter site.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused
her.
Mr. Torrence next asked for additions and corrections to the minutes.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the
minutes of a joint work session of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors and the Appomattox Town Council of August 31, 1994; regular
meeting of September 6, 1994; joint meeting of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors and Appomattox County School Board held September
14, 1994; and recessed meetings of September 7, 1994 and September 22,
1994. vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence next explained that Janet Belter, Treasurer, had requested
an executive session to discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette,
aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley, seconded by Mr. Paulette, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye;.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley, seconded by Mr. Paulette the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or