201
school students, a transition program for sixth and ninth grade at-risk students and a
reading specialist in each school.
Dr. Boone explained that Appomattox has a lot of children in dual enrollment classes and
it is a very successful program. Appomattox also is able to offer online courses to middle
and high school children.
Dr. Boone explained that the schools need replacement vehicles, additional vehicles and
maintenance and transportation vehicles.
Dr. Boone explained that the School Board is currently going through a facilities study to
be completed by June 2008. Dr. Boone stated that a CIP 10 year plan listing the
requirements of the school division is in the process of being completed. Dr. Boone
hopes to be able to come together with the two boards and discuss some method of
funding for the plan.
Dr. Boone discussed the need for personnel additions in FY08-09 school year. There is a
need for 4-FTEs (Full Time Equivalent) at K-5; 2- FTEs at AMS; 1- FTE needed in
Special Education; a reading specialist at each school which would be 3- FTE’s and a
custodial supervisor, extend two secondary guidance counselors by one month, director
of personnel, three contract bus drivers and a Special Education bus aide.
Dr. Boone next presented some personnel reductions in the FY08-09 budget. The
Assistant Superintendent for Instruction and Personnel, NCLB Specialist, Testing
Coordinator, 2- Special Education teachers, and the Assistant AD at ACHS.
Dr. Boone explained the projected needs for communication and software which is a 911
telephone upgrade, 5 new Nova Net site licenses, Edline or similar product, $1800 per
school, IEP Online $10,000, Subfinder $5,000, Board Docs Program.
Dr Boone explained that they are requesting five school buses; several pickup trucks are
needing to be replaced and a box truck. They are requesting a used box truck that will be
used for hauling sports equipment or drama sets and equipment. The school currently
uses the maintenance truck and a trailer. The dump truck needs to be replaced, it is used
for various jobs and also snow removal.
Dr. Boone and Billy Perrow presented and explained the proposed teacher salary increase
which is averaged at a 5.9% increase. Dr. Boone stated that they are currently working
ona salary study. Dr. Boone explained that the salary increase for support staff is 5%
unless you are at the top of the salary scale which then your increase would be 2% and a
5% increase is proposed for Administrative staff. The increase proposed for substitute
teachers is a $5 flat rate increasing from $50 to $55 and from $60 to $65.