390
elected officials to interject any thoughts they may have regarding the water system
analysis presented and to further discuss the next steps, if any, in the process of
obtaining an alternate water source. He then introduced Mr. Larado Robinson, of
Draper Aden, Associates.
Mr. Robinson presented a Power Point Presentation. Mr. Robinson stated that the
County and Town are looking to work with the Campbell County Utility Services
Authority to provide for sending water from their system to the County and Town of
Appomattox. There are different alternatives to be looked at and ways to deliver water
from the CCUSA Water System to Appomattox. Mr. Robinson pointed out the different
water lines and in order to serve the region CCUSA has in its plans to start with a plan to
actually serve the area of Concord and what it would take to also serve the Town of
Appomattox. We would need a fourteen (14) inch water line to run from Rustburg to
Concord and also would need a 365,000 gallon water storage tank just to serve
Concord. In essence, what we are looking at is what is needed for Concord and what
additional needs are required for Appomattox. The first thing that would be needed to
deliver water to Appomattox would be a new pumping station located either in Concord
or closer into Appomattox County. If water is supplied to Appomattox, a sixteen (16)
inch water line would be needed. The reason for this is due to the means to assure that
we have an adequate fire flow in the area. In fact, the sixteen (16) inch would extend
somewhat out into Appomattox County and hopefully as time goes on, that area will
become more developed and have light industry and there would be more network of
lines.
Mr. Robinson stated that Wiley & Wilson had previously done a report on delivering
water from Lynchburg to the Concord area. Looking at those numbers and working with
other things from the Town and Appomattox County, they came up with what they felt
was a legitimate number as to what growth they expected to have in the proposed area.
Mr. Robinson suggested that anyone having a question may wish to make them during
the presentation.
Several members of the Board and Council asked questions as the presentation was
being made involving current pricing, Stag Grant in the amount of $700,000.00 and how
the Fire Flow is a critical issue. Also the Town wells would have to be treated if we are
going to mix with CCUSA.
After the completion of the power point presentation, Mr. Spiggle asked for discussion
on what had been presented.
Mr. Carter stated he would like to integrate the two studies to see how we need to
continue. There are still a lot of unanswered questions: Where is the money coming
from? How are we going to pay it back?
Mr. Armbrust would like to look at all the options.
Mr. Spiggle hopes we don’t end up like Charlotte Court House. From the Towns side,
they need to know if the County wishes to continue with this endeavor or not. _ If not,