A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on August
2, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the Appomattox Elementary School Auditorium, Confederate
Blvd., Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and called on Mr. Carter to deliver
the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile stated that on page 6 of the June 28, 1999 meeting, the second paragraph
should read, “...by consensus of the Board, except Mr. Carwile...”
Mr. Bosiger asked Mrs. Ferguson to note the correction.
Mr. Bosiger called for other additions or corrections to the minutes.
Being no further corrections, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
approve the minutes of June 28, 1999 regular meeting as corrected. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for approval of the bills.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the bills dated June 28,
1999 as presented. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Ms. Elizabeth Gilliam to appear before the Board.
Ms. Elizabeth Gilliam came forward and gave her address as P. O. Box 127, Concord,
Virginia. Ms. Gilliam explained that she has been a teacher in Appomattox County for
twenty-eight years, twenty-four of which have been at the elementary school. Ms.
Gilliam continued that she was not in support of any particular site but she did support a
new school on a new site. Ms. Gilliam stated that she did feel that the present Carver-
Price site should be honored and protected however, Ms. Gilliam did not feel that the