304
Being nothing further for Mr. Kruschwitz, Mr. Jamerson thanked and |
excused him.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he would like to see the Board take
action while the ACTIONS committee was in the meeting. He continued
saying that this item has been before the Board before and that
Board has received enough information, had an opportunity to
questions and Mr. Jamerson feels that the School Board should be gi
a decision on which direction to proceed. Mr. Jamerson asked if
members wanted to take action at this time.
that they needed to make some decision on the basic direction for
School Board to proceed. Mr. Torrence continued by stating that he
prepared with a proposal that he would like to present.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like to preface his proposal wi
build a new middle school. However, upon looking at the project
income for the County, and the debt service for the next twenty (2
years, he did not feel that the County could afford a new facilit
Mr. Torrence stated that his proposal would give something to eve
area of need. His proposal will address the immediate need
classrooms at the Elementary School and the Middle School, which nee
to be taken care of now. Mr. Torrence feels that the Board should
able to handle the proposal that he will present without raising
real estate tax rate. Mr. Torrence continued by saying that all n
that he has addressed in his proposal are needs that sooner or lat
will have to be taken care of, including an athletic complex.
Torrence said that an area that he would also address, concerning
sports complex, was that there is a quarter of a million dollars
people are willing to donate and his proposal would put some strings
what the Board would be willing to spend. Mr. Torrence would like ¢
other Board members to keep in mind that the County has not spent ary
money on athletic facilities for the past twenty (20) years.
debt load, over the next twenty (20) years, that the County would
be able ‘to meet it’s reasonable debts, nor give raises to it/s
employees. Mr. Torrence continued by saying that he recognized there
were varying attitudes throughout the County concerning what should |be
done with the Middle School situation. Mr. Torrence feels that it|is
up to the Board to make the wisest decision for all the people that
they represent.
Having considered the information presented, Mr. Torrence madej|a
motion, recommending renovation of and addition to the present Middle
School, rather than construction of a new Middle School.
Mr. Jamerson called for a second to the motion. Mrs. Beasley seconded
the motion. Mr. Jamerson asked for discussion.
Mr. Carwile asked for clarification on the motion, asking Mr. Torrence
to restate the motion.