Compliance with Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968
Whereas, the County of Appomattox has been offered and intends to accept federal
funds authorized under the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as
amended, and
Whereas, recipients of funding under the Act are required to take action to affirmatively
further air housing;
Therefore, the County of Appomattox agrees to take at least one action to affirmatively
further fair housing each grant year, during the life of its project funded with Community
Development Block Grant funds. The action taken will be selected from a list provided
by the Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development.
Signature of Authorized Official Date
LOCAL BUSINESS AND EMPLOYMENT PLAN
1. The Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox designates as its Local
Business and Employment Project Area the boundaries of Appomattox County.
2. The Board of supervisors of the County of Appomattox, its contractors, and
designated third parties shall in utilizing Community Improvement Grant funds
utilize businesses and lower income residents of the Project Area in carrying out
all activities, to the greatest extent feasible.
3. In awarding contracts for work and for procurement of materials, equipment or
services of the project manager, its contractors, and designated third parties shall
take the following steps to utilize businesses which are located in or owned in
substantial part by persons residing in the Project Area are:
(a) The Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox shall
Ascertain what work or procurements are likely to take place
through the Community Improvement Grant Funds.
(b) The Board of Supervisors of the County ofAppomattox shall
Ascertain through various and appropriate sources including:
The Times-Virginian Newspaper
The business concerns within the Project Area which are likely
to provide materials, equipment and services which will be
utilized in the activities funded through the Community Improvement
Grant.
(c) The identified business concerns shall be apprised of opportunities
to submit bids, quotes or proposals for work or procurement contracts
which utilize CIG funds.
(d) To the greatest extent feasible the identified business and any other
Project area business concerns shall be utilized in activities which
are funded with CIGs.