37
He would like to see the County institute a land use tax plan. Some of the reasons are: 1) study
by Dr. Hail of the Virginia Institute of Marine Sciences; 2) we are in the worst drought since the
1930's. The greater concentration of biosolids in the low flow of streams; and 3) Supreme Court
ruling against Virginia regarding garbage being transported into Virginia. It only took ten (10)
years for this court ruling.
Mr. Torrence would like to see the Board adopt this proposed ordinance and if we have to go to
court, so be it.
The next speaker was Ernest Harris of Route 1, Appomattox. He acknowledged the Board of
Supervisors has a tough job, one that he would not want. The Federal Government and the State
Department of Health says it is alright. However, the people in the County say it is not safe.
These restrictions violate the Right to Farm Act. The County is going to get sued, go to court
and lose. This is going to be an expensive procedure.
Mr. Tom Stratton of Route 2, Concord, Va. Mr. Carwile allowed him to review some of the
documentation on biosolids. He has listened to the emotional speeches and accusations from
citizens and he cannot see why everyone is so against it. These same people will go to the
grocery store and buy produce that is grown outside of the Country and some canned gods that
cannot be produced in the United States. He feels that we need someone who really knows the
facts to address both the public and the county before we do anything else.
Mr. Paul Coviella, Route 4, (Police Tower Road). Appomattox, Va came forward and stated his
property borders one of the properties where the owner has applied for the spreading of biosolids.
He has spoken with the gentleman at the Department of Health who approved the permits for the
spreading of biosolids and is not convinced that he has any real grasp on the repercussions that
may occur as a result of the use of biosolids. He doesn’t think they have any idea of what is going
on. If this is so safe, then why is it restricted? He cannot find any evidence that it is safe with no
health risks.
Mr. Bill Hunter of Route 1, Appomattox asked if he could speak from his seat. He has several
questions. Where would most of these biosolids come from? Would most of it come from above
the Mason-Dixon Line? It was 137 years ago that Appomattox was embarrassed by people from
up North, why be embarrassed again. We are known for our historical significance and tourism
is one of our main assets, what affect will this have on tourism.
He has been a farmer all his life and he made it without biosolids. Let each state take care of its
own waste. He is concerned about the health of our citizens and the shortage of water throughout
the state and does not want to have our water systems polluted.
At 7:52 p.m. Mr. Carter declared the Biosolids Public Hearing closed.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore requesting the Board to take a five minute
recess. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.