129
building. The reason for this request is so they can go in this trailer at night to
get equipment that the may need.
There was some discussion regarding the fact that this request had been made
previously and was denied. The Board previously felt that anything needed from this
trailer could be gotten before dark.
Mr. Craft stated he understood this trailer gets very hot and they need electricity in
order to connect a fan.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to table this until further information
can be obtained. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Landscaping/Mowing Contract: The bids have been received for mowing,
mulching, weeding and general yard work for the Health Department, Library
and Courthouse Square.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board that Rob Stewart came by her office today and
withdrew his bid as he felt he already had more work than he can handle. Mrs. Ferguson
also explained the bids, based on one mulching/weeding and twenty-three (23)
mowings: EBF’s bid was $9,025; LF’s bid was $7,615.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to award the Landscaping/Mowing
Contract to Larry Ferguson at a price of $7,615.00. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 8 — 12)
8. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Budget Work Session on
4/7/05; Budget Work Session on 4/14/05; Joint Public Hearing on 4/18/05;
Regular Meeting on 4/18/05; and Budget Work Session on 4/22/05.
9. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
10. Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $797.00 for an overtime grant received by the
Sheriff's Department.
Please appropriate by consent a supplemental appropriation in the amount of
$1,297.35 for reimbursement received from the U. S. Department of Justice.
Please appropriate by consent a supplemental appropriation in the amount of
$1,282.00 to the Triad line in the Sheriff's budget for a donation received.
FUND TRANSFER: