900
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
of the Bonds and the undertaking of the acquisition, construction and equipping of
the Projects are hereby approved and ratified.
The Authority hereby designates the Bonds as "qualified tax-exempt obligations"
for the purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code and represents and covenants
that not more than $10,000,000 in bonds, notes, leases and other obligations of the
Authority (including any subordinate issuing entities) will be issued in calendar
year 1998 and that the Authority will not designate more than $10,000,000 of
qualified tax-exempt obligations pursuant to Section 265(b)(3) of the Code.
The County by acceptance of this financing agrees to indemnify, defend and save
harmless the Authority, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and
against all liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, fines, losses, costs
and expenses in any way connected with the Authority, the issuance of the Bonds
or the acquisition, construction and equipping of the Projects.
Nothing in this Resolution, the Bonds or the Documents shall constitute a debt or
a pledge of the faith and credit of the Authority or the County, and the Authority
shall not be obligated to make any payments under the Bonds or the
Documents except from payments made by or on behalf of the County under the
Financing Lease subject to annual appropriation thereof in accordance with
applicable law. The Underwriter shall acknowledge on behalf of the Bondholders
that any purchase of Bonds pursuant to the Bond Purchase Agreement is made
solely based on representations of the County and no representations of any kind
as to the Projects or the ability to repay the Bonds has been made by the
Authority.
The Authority hereby declares its intent to reimburse itself (through the Board of
Supervisors) with proceeds of the Bonds for "original expenditures" as defined in
USS. Treasury Regulation 1.150-2 (the “Reimbursement Rules’), with respect to
the Projects made on or after the date with is 60 days prior to the date of adoption
of the resolution by the Board of Supervisors on October 6, 1998, which is
incorporated herein by this reference as the declaration of intent of the Authority.
The Authority reasonably expects on the date hereof that it will reimburse the
“original expenditures" as to the Projects with proceeds of the Bonds in
accordance with Section 1.150-2 of the Reimbursement Rules. The maximum
principal amount of the Bonds expected to be issued for the Projects is
$2,500,000.
The Authority, hereby represents that it meets the qualifications as a small issuer
to the arbitrage rebate requirements of the Code pursuant to Section 148(f)(4)(D)
of the Code and represents the following for such purposes: (i) the County is a
governmental unit with general taxing powers and the Authority is a subordinate
entity of that governmental unit, (ii) no "bond" which is part of the issue of the
Bonds is a private activity bond, (iii) 95% or more of the net proceeds of such