053
Mr. Paulette next asked Mr. Bob Bradner, Director, 10th District Court
Services Unit, to come before the Board to explain the proposed
Juvenile Detention Agreement between the City of Lynchburg and other
localities.
Mr. Bradner went over the need for juvenile detention in Appomattox and
explained, at the present time, Appomattox did not have guaranteed
bedspace anywhere. Mr. Bradner continued by reviewing items in the
proposed agreement and stating this agreement would solve Appomattox’
juvenile detention needs for twenty years, according to the needs
assessment.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the County
Administrator was instructed to have the resolution for participation
ready for the Board to consider after the February 20, 1996 public
hearing.
Mr. Paulette then thanked and excused Mr. Bradner.
Mr. Paulette presented the next item on the agenda, the fence requested
by the PIO, between the Elementary School and Advance Auto.
After reviewing the two (2) bids received, (bids on file in February
1996 Board file) the Board excepted low bid from Fence Specialists and
requested Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, write a letter to Mr. Wright
requesting he have this fence installed at his expense.
Mr. Paulette directed the Board’s attention to "Additional Items".
The first item was a real estate tax exemption request from Pamplin
Pipe Factory.
The Board of Supervisors reviewed the information provided by Mr.
Dickerson and by consensus set a public hearing date of March 4, 1996
at 6:30 P.M.
Mr. Paulette next presented appropriation request from the County
Administrator, Sheriff’s Department and Maintenance Department.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $160.00 to pay refund of taxes billed in
error. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $1,000.00 to the Sheriff’s Department to
use for drug buy money. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Maintenance Supervisor for funds
to purchase a snow blower and a trailer to use behind the lawn mower.