457
16. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Board of
Directors meeting of the Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District held on
May 25, 2006.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Craft gave a report on the last meeting of the Rails to Trails in Farmville last week.
The idea is now from Farmville to Rice and Farmville to Prospect. They are having
trouble with the railroad tracks. They are getting ready to hold public hearings with the
adjacent land owners.
Mr. Carter read the following letter of appreciation for Mr. Martin, Appomattox County
Animal Warden from the Humane Society for Campbell County, Inc. We as a Board
should be proud to receive this letter.
June 28, 2006
Dear Mr. Martin
On behalf of the volunteers with The Humane Society for Campbell County, Inc., I wish
to thank you and the Appomattox Board of Supervisors for allowing Animal Control in
Campbell County to board dogs from the county in your new facility for the past two
months while our own facility has been renovated.
It was a pleasure meeting you and helping save several of your dogs, as well as
Campbell County's dogs, while I was there, and I am very grateful that you were willing
to work with me.
As a humane society representative whose main goal is to save the lives of the dogs in
our care, it has not been easy keeping up with the dogs who were housed at
Appomattox, while also watching out for the dogs in foster homes across the area.
However, I think we have done a good job of caring for the dogs who had no other
place to go, through your generosity. I am most appreciative of the fact that we were
using valuable space which can soon be given over to the dogs from your own county.
Many, many thanks. If I can be of assistance to you in the future, please don’t hesitate
to call on me.
Sincerely Yours,
Barbe M. Shackelford
Dog Adoption/Rescue Coordinator
Mr. Carter next reminded everyone of UPCOMING MEETINGS:
July 17, 2006
6:30 p.m.
REGULAR SCHEDULED MEETING
COMMUNITY CENTER
AUGUST 7, 2006
6:30 P.M.