376
of the cost of safety shoes or boots which they are required to wear.
Mr. Carroll will draw up a sample policy for presentation at the next meeting.
The next item presented was the Planned Industrial District Zoning Classification that was tabled
at the last meeting.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the Proposed Zoning Ordinance Addition
- Planned Industrial District Zoning (M-2) as presented.
Mr. Carwile questioned putting this whole tract into Industrial Classification. Discussion followed.
Mr. Moore called for a vote on the motion as presented. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Animal Welfare Action Group is asking permission to use Courtland Field for the purpose of
holding a fund raising event to benefit the animal shelter. This will require a special event insurance
certificate at a cost of approximately $25 - $50.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to allow AWAG the use of Courtland Field
for a fund raising event to benefit the animal shelter. Since this is a non-profit organization, the
County will pay for the insurance. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Does anyone have any issues that they would like to have Davenport consider before their next
presentation?
Mr. Kendrick presented the following:
1. Comparative Analysis (3 cases) only
Consider landfill closure in 2002
Reduce taxes to 65 cents at reassessment
Nothing beyond 20 year debt payment - no 30 year payment
Sports Complex - Cost figures?
Courthouse Compound - Non-renovated items
Price for the School - $11 million
Primary & High School needs for the future (5 year plan)
(800 student elementary and what to primary school)
9. Conservative Operational Budget (Growth)
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to present the above to Davenport & Company,
LLC for a proposal. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
SAAS Se
J. E. Sears & Company has presented a change order regarding the Sheriff Department addition
requesting an extension of 12 days on the contract time from August 26, 2000 to September 8, 2000
due to changes in electrical and communication raceway costing six (6) days and also an excessive