a
360
Mr. Bosiger called for other nominations, Hearing none Mr. Bosiger declared the
nominations closed.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a vote on Mr. Carwiles appointment to the Courthouse
Committee. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence began by stating that he needed a decision on the right-of-way for “Frog
Bottom” road.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to proceed with
obtaining right-of-way deeds for donated right-of -way and authorize the State to proceed
with construction of Frog Bottom road. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile presented the other members of the Board with a handout from the
Community Center Board of Directors with several requests for the Board to consider.
Mr. Carwile explained that he would bring these items back to the Board at a later date
after the members had an opportunity to review the Community Center Boards’ requests.
Mr. Bosiger called for other supervisor concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger explained there were two zoning petitions that required
action.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition 97-332 of
Central Virginia Electric Coop. for a conditional use permit to allow the installation of an
85 foot pole to provide communication capabilities between sub-station and company
office. Property is Tax Map No. 12(A) Parcel 45. Property is located on Route 654
between Route 615 and Route 60. Property is zoned A-1. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve petition 97-335 on
Harry & Curtis Pearson to rezone property from A-1 to R-1. Property is Tax Map No.
75-A-30. Property is located on Route 1049 (Acorn Street/Walton Place) between Route
1047 (Walton Drive) and Dead end. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Terri Conrad’s term on the Central Virginia Community
Services Board had expired and that Mrs. Conrad was agreeable to serve another term.