692
Ms, Evelyn Ferguson- SNAP- Education
Ms June Chenault Extension Leadership Council
Also Present: Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. J.O. Overstreet - County Attomey
Mr. Johnnie Roark - Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the meeting to order at 5:00 PM and called for the Blessing of the Food.
The VPI & SU District Extension Service served dinner at 5:00 p.m.
During dinner, Mr. Bruce Jones welcomed everyone in attendance. Mr. Jones explained that the
Appomattox Extension Office had lost one employee, Wanda Evans with the Expanded Food,
Nutrition and Education Program, which is funded with USDA Funds, due to budget cuts.
Mr. Jones introduced each of the Extension employees and explained their titles of work with the
Appomattox Extension Office and then stated that a power point presentation had been put
together to give updates on the different program areas.
Ms. Tillotson came forward to give a brief update on the 4-H Program.
Ms. Tillotson briefed the Board on some activities that she is involved with such as In School
Programs, After School Clubs, Special Interest Clubs, Interstate Exchange Club, Summer 4H
Camp, Health Rocks, Youth Mile, Public Speaking, and Share the Fun which is a talent show.
Ms. Tillotson stated that during the In School Programs she works with every child in grades 3 -
8. Ms. Tillotson stated that the After School Clubs are working with cooking, sewing.
Ms. Tillotson explained that the Special Interest Clubs include the 4-H Interstate Exchange Club
which is lead by Donna Tolley and they will be traveling to Minnesota this year with this
program. Ms. Tillotson explained the Shooting Education Club which is lead by Robert Tillotson
and the Horse and Pony Club which is lead by Pam Barney and they are hoping to send 4-5 girls
to Horse Camp this summer. Ms. Tillotson then briefly explained Health Rocks Club which has
three parts which includes, Health Lifestyles which is lead by Bonnie; Food and Nutrition is lead
by Evelyn Ferguson and then the Youth Mile which includes Teen Leaders and they have
approximately 90 runners in 2009 from the Appomattox Middle School and Appomattox
Primary School. Ms. Tillotson briefly spoke about the Public Speaking Club which includes
students from the Fourth grade up to High School age and ages 14 and up can participate in the
State Level. Ms. Tillotson explained the Share the Fun Talent Program and stated that we have
some really good talent within this County and explained that the Senior Group can participate at
a State level. Ms. Tillotson next explained that the 4-H Summer Camp we are now camping with
Lynchburg City instead of Nelson as we have done in the past years. Ms. Tillotson stated that a