085
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M. and stated that there were several
items that needed to be discussed concerning the landfill. Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carroll
to go over the bids that have been received for the articulating loader and the roll-off
truck.
Mr. Carroll began by explaining that bids had been received on the two pieces of
equipment that are needed at the landfill and that L. B. Smith Inc. was low bid for the
articulating loader at $55,678.00 and VA Truck Center was low bid for the roll-off truck
at $94,184.00. (A copy of all the bids are on file in the County Administrator’s Office.)
Mr. Carroll continued that Hurt & Proffitt has recommended that we accept the two bids
as presented. Mr. Carroll explained that both pieces of equipment could be leased at a
cost of $945.00 per month for the loader and $1836.21 for the roll off truck for a five-
year term.
Mr. Carroll then answered questions of the members of the Board.
After discussion there was some concerns expressed over the type of tire that was bid on
the articulating loader. The consensus of the Board was that Mr. Carroll inform L.B.
Smith Inc. that the County wanted mining tires on the articulating loader at no additional
cost.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the bids
of L.B. Smith Inc. and VA Truck Center for an articulating loader and a roll off truck and
appropriate $278 12.10 to pay the lease on this equipment for FY2000. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr: Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss the
purchase of property and the hiring of personnel.
At 6:27 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session to discuss a personnel matter and the purchase of property. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 7:05 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and