576
Mr. Torrence continued by asking Dr. McCluskey how the State happened
to be looking in Appomattox to locate a prison?
Dr. McCluskey explained that a realtor had contacted the Department of
Corrections and offered a site. The State will be looking to locate a
facility in the Central Virginia area because they do not have a
facility in this area and they have tapped the job market in other
areas.
Mr. Torrence asked Dr. McCluskey how much of the cost of sewage
disposal upgrades would the State be willing to pay?
Dr. McCluskey explained that the State would pay for the portion of the
upgrade that was necessary for the operation of their facility.
Mr. Torrence next read from a letter from Secretary Kilgore stating
that "we do not plan to force a prison on Appomattox County without the
support of the local governing body". Mr. Torrence continued by asking
if the Board passed a resolution opposing a prison in Appomattox,
would, this insure that there would not be a prison located in
Appomattox?
Dr. McCluskey stated that according to what Mr. Torrence had read there
would not.
Mr. Paulette asked if Dr. McCluskey knew of any facility located ina
historical area?
Dr. McCluskey explained that there was a facility located in Culpeper
where one of the largest infantry battles was fought.
Being no further questions for Dr. McCluskey, Mr. Paulette thanked him
and called Messers. Abbitt and Morris and Rev. Lucas to appear before
the Board.
Mr. Abbitt began by thanking the Board for allowing him to address the
Board on the subject of the correctional facility. Mr. Abbitt
continued by saying that Buckingham County, which has two facilities,
is no better off financially than they were prior to the prison
locating there. He explained that the correctional facilities had
placed an added burden on the Court system, requiring an additional
judge. Mr. Abbitt stated that Mecklenburg County had been mentioned
during the presentation and that Mecklenburg had Smith Mountain Lake
which would keep them drawing tourist. Mr. Abbitt concluded by saying
that the State Forest took 10,100 acres of County property and the
National Park took 1,700 acres that the County received no real estate
taxes from. Mr. Abbitt continued by saying that he felt Appomattox
County has done it’s part. Mr. Abbitt, in closing, appealed to the
Board to make a decision of this matter tonight.
Mr. Morris began by saying that he is a retired Captain with the
Virginia State Police and he wanted to express his concern over a
prison facility locating in Appomattox County.