210
Mr. Carter stated that he had two Supervisor’s Concerns that he would like to bring up at this
time. Mr. Carter first stated that the Social Services Board Chair and Vice -Chair for the coming
year were David Austin and Lacy Webb, respectively. Mr. Carter also stated that the initial
estimates were that the Social Services budget would possibly increase by 8%.
Mr. Moore asked if there was any more business before entering into a closed session to discuss a
legal and personnel matter. At 8:20 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr.
Hancock that the Board enter a closed session in accordance to Sections 2.1-344A(1) and 2.1-
344A(7) Of the Code of Virginia. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick at 9:18 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved that the board
would return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore asked if there was any business from the closed session that needed action at this
time. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock that the Board appropriate $628.33 to
pay Southern Title Insurance for a title insurance policy on the tract of land purchased from
Courtland Realty for the new elementary school and that the Board also appropriate $1,000.00
plus filing fees for the condemnation of the property on State Route 26 that was needed for the
construction of the industrial access road to serve the industrial park. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick aye.
Mr. Moore then asked the Board if there were any other matters to discuss.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that it was time for the Board to get serious before it caused
serious damage to the tax payers of the county. Mr. Carwile continued that he felt that the Board