21]
should ask the community college for a concrete plan of usage for the current elementary school
within a given period of time. Mr. Carwile stated that this was one reason he had suggested only
making monthly appropriations to the school board for architectural fees. Mr. Carwile continued
that he was suggesting that the Board get on the ball and do what was right with reference to the
school. Mr. Carwile concluded that he would like for Mr. Hancock and Mr. Kendrick to state
their views because they had not had a voice in the earlier decision, but they would be held
accountable.
Mr. Carter stated that he was concerned with the proposed cost of the new elementary school at
$13 million. Mr. Carter stated that the Board needed to hold the cost of the project closely to the
$9 million cap previously issued. Mr. Carter pointed to school construction costs in nearby
counties that were considerably less than the projected cost per square foot.
Mr. Kendrick stated that the proposed cost per square foot for the new school was higher than
those of surrounding counties and that he agreed with Mr. Carter that $9 million should be the
cap. Mr. Kendrick also stated that he would like to set a time frame for the development of an
answer to uses for the current elemntary school. Mr. Kendrick further stated that the Board could
go through the bidding process and stop if there was no answer for the continued use of the
current elemantary school. Mr. Kendrick stated that he felt it was the school board’s
responsibilty to find a use for the building. Mr. Kendrick stated that if left vacant there would
still be an added expense for keeping the current elementary school.
Mr. Moore stated that he did not have a problem with the new school, but that he was very
concerned about what was going to happen to the old school. Mr. Moore stated that there were
probably many uses for the old school, but that these would also cost significant money to
renovate for the new uses. Mr. Moore stated that an air conditioning system would have to be
added and that a roof would have to be replaced on the third grade section. Mr. Moore continued
that there are lots of problems at the current elementary school, but that they could be corrected.
Mr. Moore also stated that he would not have a problem using the school for something else, but
that whatever the use it would cost to get it in shape one way or the other.
Mr. Carter stated that he was still 100% for a new school. Mr. Carter stated that he had two
pages of notes of various problems with the current middle school. Mr. Carter stated that he was
an advocate for a new school, but he wanted it to be reasonable.
There was some additional discussion concerning the current problems at the elementary school.
Mr. Kendrick stated that if you can walk into a new school and not have a cost for the old school
then you have done a good thing. If you go into a new school and you have to spend $1.5 - 2
million to fix up the old school to where it would suitable to have someone utilize it, then that
might not be the right decision. Mr. Kendrick stated that he did not have a problem with a new
school, but that the speed with which the Board moves toward a new school needs to be in
agreement with the load that will have to be carried.
The Board continued their discussion regarding the problems with the current elementary school,
the $9 million cap for the new school, and the possible utilization of the old school. The Board