37
ROADS
§ 133-1. Intent.
§ 133-2. Procedure.
§ 133-3. Criteria.
ARTICLE I
Road Naming -Adopted, 1-22-2001
[Amended 02-22-05]
§ 133-1. Intent.
The intent of this ordinance is to establish formal procedures and criteria for naming roads as part
of the county’s Enhanced 9-1-1 (“‘E-911") Program. The ordinance seeks to strike a proper
balance between expeditious selection of road names and providing the general public with ample
opportunity to speak on the choice of names.
§ 133-2. Procedure.
Upon adoption of this ordinance, the governing body shall follow the procedures outlined in
§133-2(A), Initial Road Naming Process. Upon completion of the aforementioned process, the
governing body shall thereafter follow the procedures outlined in §133-2(B), Ongoing Road
Naming Process.
(A) Initial Road Naming Process
qd) Upon adoption of this ordinance, a moratorium shall be placed on all requests to
name or re-name roads in Appomattox County with the exception of requests
introduced in accordance with this §133-2(A). This moratorium is necessary to
expedite the naming of roads in conjunction with the implementation of the
county’s E-911 Program.
(2) The governing bodies of the County, the Town of Appomattox, and the Town of
Pamplin, working in conjunction with the Public Safety Committee, shall appoint
a selection committee for the recommendation of road names. The committee
shall be composed of one member from each of the following voter districts or
governmental jurisdictions:
a. Wreck Island District
b. Piney Mountain District
c. Appomattox River District
d. Courthouse District
e. Falling River District
f. Town of Appomattox
g. Town of Pamplin
(3) The selection committee shall recommend road names according to the criteria
outlined in §133-3. Each member of the selection committee may form their own
subcommittee of not more than three (3) residents from their voter district or
governmental jurisdiction to assist in the research and selection of road names.
The selection committee shall first select names for public roads, then select
names for private rights-of-way that comply with §133-3 of this ordinance.