010
interested in combining the June 21, 1999 regular meeting and the July 6, 1999 regular
meeting and meet on June 28, 1999?
After discussion, it was agreed to combine the June 21, 1999 and the July 6, 1999 regular
meetings into a meeting on June 28, 1999, after the zoning public hearing.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Carroll if he would explain the information presented in the
Board Book concerning the landfill.
Mr. Carroll gave a brief report on landfill activities.
Mr. Bosiger then turned to the Additional Items for June 7, 1999.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mrs. Ferguson was requesting the release of the $30,920.00
from the FY1999 budget that was designated A. L. Philpott Grant. Mr. Bosiger explained
that the County/IDA had met the requirements for receiving this grant and that the funds
needed to be transferred to the I.D.A. in this budget year.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pay the I.D.A. $30,920.00 from
the A. L. Philpott grant. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Bruce Cowan did not wish to serve on the Regional
Renaissance Board of Directors and asked if anyone had a name to submit for this
position.
Mr. Carter stated that he had spoken with Marvin House and Mr. House had shown some
interest in this project.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to contact Mr. House with the details concerning this
appointment.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mrs. Ferguson was requesting approval for she and Mr.
Carroll to attend LGOC and VACO’s Annual Conference.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for Mrs. Ferguson and Mr.
Carroll to attend LGOC in August and VACO’s Annual Conference in November.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mrs. Ferguson had recently attended a seminar on the
Freedom of Information Act and had provided copies of the Act to the members of the
Board and the County Attorney.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was other business.
Mr. Carwile asked if the Central Virginia Commission on Aging was paying rent at the
Community Center.
E