348
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: that the Boardof Supervisors¢
Appomattox County respectfully requests that the Virginia Department
Transportation leave the unpaved road formula as it currently is.
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board of Supervisors next discussed the 1994 Community Development
Block Grant Regional Priorities list. After discussion, the Board by
consensus, agreed that under Group 1 we would put Objective #2 and
under Group 2 we would list Objective #4.
Mr. Torrence continued by asking the other Board members if they would
like to set up a special meeting with Town Council and Dennis Gragg to
discuss water and sewer for the County. All members agreed this would
be productive.
Mr. Torrence next presented the request for additional appropriations.
The first item presented was a request from Sheriff Richardson for an
additional appropriation of $8,000.00 to cover inmate medical
expenses. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $8,000.00 from unappropriated operating reserve to line
item 3301-5404 to cover medical expenses for inmates. Vote: Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
The next request for appropriation was also from Sheriff Richardson to
reimburse petty cash fund. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to appropriate from unappropriated operating reserve $200.00 to
petty cash fund for Sheriff Richardson, Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Torrence presented a request from Mr. Abernathy to appropriate
funds to cover expenses incurred for Health Department addition and
alternation. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appropriate $4,458.03 from unappropriated operating reserve to line
item 4302-5407 to cover expenses for addition and alteration to Health
Department. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, for an appropriation from the landfill Bond account.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to hold D. S. Nash Construction Company’s $5,000.00 final
payment, and give them the opportunity to reseed the area in the
spring, and if Mr. Nash is not interested in completing this work, we
would use this $5,000.00 to have this reseeding done. Vote: Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate from
unappropriated surplus $7,189.97 from the Landfill Bond Account for the
month of January, 1994 for the following bills:
Caterpillar Financial Services Corp. $2,660.00