225
2. Resolution Regarding the U. S. Department of Justice - Equipment Grant
Program: Resolution is needed to authorize the County Administrator to execute
the necessary applications to the state in order to receive approximately $31,000
in federal funds which will be used to purchase equipment and training for first
responders.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve
the following resolution:
DESIGNATION OF APPLICANT’S AGENT
U. S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE EQUIPMENT GRANT PROGRAM
RESOLUTION
BE IS RESOLVED BY the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia, that
Darrell A. Carroll, Jr., County Administrator, is hereby authorized to execute for and
in behalf of Appomattox County, Virginia, a public entity established under the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia, this application and to file it in the appropriate State
Office for the purpose of obtaining certain Federal financial assistance under the OJP,
National Domestic Preparedness Office Grant Program(s), administered by the
Commonwealth of Virginia.
That Appomattox County, Virginia, a public entity established under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, hereby authorizes its agent to provide to the Commonwealth
and to the Office of Justice Programs (OJP) for all matters pertaining to such F ederal
financial assistance any and all information pertaining to these grants as may be
requested.
Passed and approved this 3"? day of March 2003.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes)
3. Courthouse Project:
A. Demolition Bid: A Request for Bid for the demolition of the courthouse
addition has been issued. Bids are due on March 7, 2003. Staff is
requesting that the Board allow staff and the Courthouse Committee to
review and approve the contract for this demolition with the lowest
qualified bidder.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the request for
the Courthouse Committee and staff to review and approve the contract with the
lowest bidder for the demolition of the courthouse additions with the stipulation
that if only one bid is received, it will be necessary for the Board to meet and
discuss this contract. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
B. Meeting Location: Staff has been evaluating possible locations to hold
future Board meetings during the demolition and construction of the new