468
Mr. Dickerson stated that he needs to have by March 27, 2009 a rate structure for the
Department of Health.
Mr. Craft questioned how often do you see an increase in the water rate? Mr. Dickerson
stated that usually you see an increase about every two years.
Mr. Dickerson also identified some other fees that will need to be charged which are
standard fees such as application fee, late fees, and reconnection fees.
Mr. Dickerson gave a recap of the total customers.
Mr, Dickerson stated that at this time we have 32 business or homes that have agreed to
connect along with 16 other that are property owners. There are nine that have declined
and 28 that are undecided at this point.
Mr. Tanner questioned how many more properties are left to be visited. Mr. Dickerson
stated that he did not have an exact figure, but he could tell him that there are 71
properties on the north side and about 27 properties on south side that are fronting Route
460. Mr. Dickerson stated that could vary some.
Mr. Dickerson stated that we need about 51 percent of those numbers that are actual
users. Mr. Dickerson stated that they have until the end of the week to get these numbers.
Chairman Conrad stated that he had several calls wanting to know where the meter would
be placed.
Mr. Dickerson gave an explanation as to where the meter would be placed. Mr.
Dickerson stated that they prefer to stay at the 460 right of way.
Chairman Conrad questioned if the owner should be the one signing the paperwork or
could the person renting the property. Mr. Dickerson stated that it should be the owner to
file all paperwork.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that the Board would need to hold a special meeting on March 25,
2008 at the Conference room in the County Administrators office, to complete the
paperwork needed for the application which needs to be submitted to the Health
Department by March 27, 2008.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that things have moved along faster than anticipated due to the
stimulus money that has been given to the Health Department. We have had to step up
the process to have this done and meet the dead line.
Mr. Dickerson gave an explanation on how water rates should be set and explained that
these rates will be provisional and rates will need to be looked at all times and this is how
the County will be off setting their expenses.