162
15. Cigarette Tax: Letter received from Delegate Watkins M. Abbitt, Jr. regarding
the request for equal taxing authority with that of towns and cities.
16. Animal Shelter Inspection Report: Report from Department of Veterinary
Services on inspection of County Animal Pound on 9-20-02.
17. State Budget: Letter from Secretary of Finance, John M. Bennett concerning
actions that the state plans to take to address budget problems.
18. ‘Festival Update: Update on the results of the End of Summer Festival. T he
Board waived both fee and bond requirements.
19. Chamber of Commerce: Information on planned Reenactment and Banjo
Living History Festival that the Chamber is spearheading for September 2003.
20. Town of Appomattox: Agenda for Council’s meeting of 9-24-02.
21. Regional Dinner meeting: Fall Regional Dinner meeting is scheduled for
October 17. Contact County Administrator if you wish him to RSVP for you. Mr.
Moore and Mr. Carter will be attending at their own expense.
22. Village Garden Green House: E-mail and staff memo concerning the resolution
of this matter. The Hon. Virgil Goode, U. S. Representative was very
instrumental in resolving this matter satisfactorily.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated he has received a lot of complaints regarding Nesbe Cable. Lots of
complaints regarding snowy picture and complete failure of cable system. Mr. Carroll
will pass this information on to Mr. Jobe.
Mr. Moore stated he was glad that the situation with the sign for Village Garden
Greenhouse had been resolved, as it was « very nicely done sign with flowers, etc.
Mr. Carwile is also concerned about Biosolids. He receives numerous calls regarding
this issue. He is also asking that the Cou. \y Administrator write a letter of appreciation
from the Board to Mr. Clayton Bryant {for the withdrawal of his application to spread
biosolids. He wishes more of the farmers in the County would follow his lead,
eliminating this problem.
At 8:34 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, «yo; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman