18. Administrator’s Report: Mr. Carroll has presented the Board with his report for May.
19. DEQ HB1205 Landfill Closure Prioritization: DEQ has submitted its Landfill Closure
Prioritization schedule site score sheet.
20. Housing Assistance Report: Mrs. Jones has submitted the monthly report for the Board’s
review.
21. Timber Harvesting: The School Board reports that the timber harvest from the New
Elementary School Site to be $8,140.92. This has been transferred to the County’s general
fund.
22. Information & Referral Center: Statistics for the first quarter of 2001.
23. Landfill Inspection Report: DEQ has submitted its Inspection Report for the Landfill.
24. School Board Financial Report: The School Board has submitted its financial report for
the month of June, 2001.
The Board was reminded of the upcoming Business Appreciation Week Luncheon on May 15" at
12 noon at the Moose Lodge. Mr. Moore, Mr. Carter, Mr. Hancock and Mr. Carwile have all
expressed their desire to attend.
The Regular Board meeting with a Public Hearing with the Planning Commission and a Public
Hearing on Redistricting Plan is scheduled for May 21*, 2001.
At 9:05 ona motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Carter the meeting was recessed until 1:00 p.m.
on Saturday, May 12, 2001. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Ke @Kendiick. Chairman
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Budget Work Session on Saturday, May 12
2001 at 1:00 P.M. at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courth
ipoumation TA. y , Courthouse Square, Court Street,
PRESENT: _ Jerry G. Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 1:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick asked Mr. Carroll if he like to consider budget items as listed on the Agenda. Mr.