665
Chairman Conrad called the special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to
order at 6:00 p.m. and stated the purpose of this special called meeting would be to enter into
closed session in accordance to Section 15.2-1418 (personnel) of the Code of Virginia as
amended.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into closed session at 6:02 p.m. in accordance to Section
15.2-1418 to discuss personnel matters. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to return to regular session at 6:15 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Certification for Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Chairman Conrad
called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
No action was taken from the Closed Session.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adjourn the special called meeting at 6:16 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
ie red pt 6:16 p.m.
Se TI
Thomas H. Conrad, Chairman