339
Mr. Paulette next explained that Ms. Ferguson was requesting the Board purchase a
check signer.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to purchase a
check signer in the amount of $2690.00 and appropriate the same. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mr. Donald Martin that the Board purchase a
chipper/shredder vacuum.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to purchase a
chipper/shredder vacuum for $665.85 and appropriate the same. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Paulette next presented sealed bids on surplus vehicles at the landfill. Mr. Paulette
explained that only one bid was received from Litchford’s Garage.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the
following bids from Litchford’s Garage.
1962 Ford Fire Truck $ 528.99
1982 Ford Garbage Truck 2,168.99
1986 Mack Garbage Truck 2,628.99
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye;
Mr. Paulette next informed the other Board members of three upcoming meetings and if
they wished to attend any of the meetings to let Ms. Ferguson know.
Mr. Paulette then explained that the Planning Commission District Commission was
requesting additional funding to continue processing the County’s application for Indoor
Plumbing Rehabilitation projects.
Mr. Carroll then presented more detailed information on the reason for needing additional
funding.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger not to
supplement the application for indoor plumbing/rehabilitation grant funds. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented two (2) bids on the County’s insurance.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to continue with Cabell
Insurance for another year.