135
facilities and they drive the finest automobiles, Tahoe's, Suburban’s, etc. This is lost
income that is available to the county. He also agrees with what Mr. Abbitt has said and
hopefully something can be done.
Amy Martin speaks as a member of the School Board. She too knows the Board has a
thankless job. She also realizes that the decisions you make are not easily made. Last
year we made an upward trend for the first time in eight years because the Board
funded the School Division more than minimally. It saddens her to see a downward
spiral again. In a special meeting between the Supervisors and the School Board held
on August 19, 2002, the minutes reflect that during this meeting, as in previous
meetings, both Boards came to a consensus that contributions to the health insurance
be equal for the School Board. For the FY2005-2006 this will not be possible. The
School Board will be maintaining the same contributory amount used in the FY2004-
2005 Budget. To fund employees health insurance as we have in the past several years
would require an additional $127,000. This amount is based on an estimated 12.3
percent increase in health insurance. Therefore, this increase will have to be paid by
the employee. Currently we are working with HRH and Anthem to see if we can re-
structure coverage to reduce costs. This could result in higher deductibles or different
plans which could impact the $127,000 previously mentioned. She passed out an
information packet about the drastic cuts that have been made to the School Board
budget. All salary adjustments to employee's salary scales have been removed with the
exception of teachers. The teachers scale has been increase by $200,000 giving these
teachers an average 2% increase. Buses and substitute bus driver positions have been
removed. For the coming school year you will be funding the School Division $2.8% less
than the 2004 school year. She is respectfully requesting that the Board show their
commitment to the education of our students by revisiting the amount coming to the
School Division. She closed by thanking the Board for their time and their service to the
County.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Budget.
Hearing none, at 6:15 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
Z.
Samuel E. Carter
On Monday, May 16, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office, located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA. 24522
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District