280
Any form ofpedestrian or bike trail parallel with the existing roadway would require that
the speed limit be significantly lowered for the safety and protection of anyone on the
trail. The traffic calming proposal accomplishes this by physically forcing traffic to
comply with the lower speed limit. Reduction of the speed limit has long been a park
management objective. The Virginia Department of Transportation will not lower the
present speed limit under the existing conditions but agrees that traffic calming is a way
to achieve a reduction.
In addition, the aesthetic enhancements included in the traffic calming design serve to
lessen the adverse impact of the highway on the historic scene which will significantly
improve the chances of the trail being approved during the compliance process.
Bicycling represents a significant tourism potential and the park regularly receives
inquiries regarding facilities and biking possibilities. Unfortunately, we must actively
discourage any such usage due to the inherent safety and liability issues created by the
high speeds and traffic volume along SR 24.
A trail linking the park to the Town and other proposed trails in the Central Virginia
area emerged as one of the most popular suggestions from area residents during our
General Management Plan workshops and open house sessions. Planning is already
underway for a trail system within the county and it should be emphasized that the SR 24
corridor within the park is a critical link in this system.
In summary, any trail linking the park to the Town and County must be located in a
previously disturbed area and only the existing highway corridor meets this requirement.
The bike trail concept provides a significant potential for increasing tourism in a market
that might not otherwise consider Appomattox, while also providing recreational
opportunities and increased park access for local citizenry.
As such, we seek your formal endorsement of the traffic calming concept as part of the
larger effort to enhance and promote tourism and citizen recreation in the Town and
County ofAppomattox.
Sincerely,
Reed Johnson
Superintendent
Mr. Johnson discussed the evolving concept, emphasizing speed reduction and safety
issues, but in order to reduce speed limits, the road needs to be re-engineered to force
the lower speed limit. Upon re-examining this whole concept, they realized that one of
the other primary component of this is the concept of a pedestrian or alternative
transportation trail that links the town and county to the park itself. This is one of the
plans included in the general management plan or master plan revision meeting four (4)
years ago. This was one of the suggestions from citizens. There has been several
inquiries regarding a biking trail. This concept is a potential for tourism which he
believes everyone is interested in. The cost of these improvements would be Federally
funded — if the Board endorses these plans.