109
water permits. There will be 2 to 3 trucks and 3 employees at the facility with a
potential of 5 in the near future. He doesn’t feel they will be an eyesore for the
neighborhood. There should be no traffic problems. They will be able to provide ready
mix concrete in a clean and efficient manner. He doesn’t feel they are the enemy, they
are here to be a part of the community.
Mr. Mike Torrence, of Route 1, Box 1462, Spout Spring, Va.: Mr. Torrence stated he
has been a life long resident of the County and has no vested interest in this concrete
plant. He has known the owners of this company for over 20 years. He feels this is a
good business for Appomattox County.
Mr. Bob Parson, Route 2, Box 564F, Appomattox, Va.: Mr. Parsons stated he is one of
the contractors that would be using the services of this business. This facility will have a
faster batch time, faster turn around, making his crews more effective and he will be
able to get much more work done. He feel this will be beneficial to other businesses as
well as those needing concrete.
Mr. Chuck Warner, Route 1, Box 567, Appomattox, Va.: Mr. Warner stated Appomattox
needs this concrete plant. Service will be much better and more efficient. We need
concrete to build houses and other businesses. If it has to be hauled out of Lynchburg,
it will cost him more, which will in the long run cost everyone more. He does not see
where this operation would create an increase in traffic.
Mr. Phillip Jamerson of J. E. Jamerson & Sons, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Jamerson is in
favor of granting this petition. He has worked with Lynchburg Ready Mix for years and
he feels they will be an asset to the community.
Mr. Spencer called for comments against this petition.
Mr. Herbert Hamlett, Route 1, Box 575A, Appomattox, Va.: Mr. Hamlett stated he is a
resident of the community of Evergreen and he is strictly opposed to the approval of this
petition for several reasons. One is the location on Route 630 which is the main
entrance to our community. Even with the buffer zone and the state-of-the-art
equipment, after a year or two, there will be dust and dirt. He is also concerned about
the pollution and restriction of the natural flow of the small stream that flows through
this property. The main reason he is opposed is because it will be directly across the
road from a residential area, where the neighbors keep their property clean and neat.
Mr. William Hodges, Route 1, Box 714, Appomattox, VA.: Mr. Hodges stated that his
home is directly across for the site. They will have to tolerate dust, noise, etc. He is
concerned about property values. This is his home and how would each of you like to
have this business in your front yard. He asks the Planning Commission and the Board
of Supervisors to vote against this request.
Mr. David Mason, Route 1, Box 712, Appomattox, VA: Mr. Mason stated his front door is
about 100 to 150 yards of the proposed site. He is concerned about the dust that will
be created over a period of time. He has spoken with Mr. Smith of Lynchburg Ready Mix
and he feels they are honest and will do what they say they will do. He has 22 years