Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add the street description below and on the attached
additions Form SR-5 (A) to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System for
maintenance the following subdivision road which has been constructed by the
subdivider as a Class “A” subdivision in accordance with the requirements of Section
33.1 — 229, Code of Virginia and the Virginia Department of Transportation’s
Subdivision street requirements, TO WIT:
Fairview Hills Subdivision Section 1:
Towerhill Road — Beginning at Route 658 and running to the Northwest for a
distance of 0.460 mile to a Dead End.
Total Length — 0.460 miles
Right of Way — 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board quarantees a minimum unrestricted 50-
foot right of way with additional width as may be necessary for cuts, fills and drainage
together with easements on adjacent properties.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that appointments were necessary to several VACO Steering
Committees’ representing Appomattox County.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Terri
Conrad to the Community Development and Planning Steering Committee and the
Education Steering Committee representing Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several supplemental appropriation requests from Sheriffs
Department, Comprehensive Services Act, and Commissioner of Revenue.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate the
following:
$9,250.00 to 3102-7001;
17.50 to 5310-3001;
500.00 to 1209-5501.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for $2,000.00 to further study the 460-water project.
Mr. Bosiger explained that this would expand on the previous study that the County had
participated in.