177.
refinance the Bonds without first obtaining the written consent of the
VPSA or the registered owner of the Bonds.
8. Execution of the Bonds. The Chairman or Vice Chairman and
the Clerk or any Deputy Clerk of the Board are authorized and directed
to execute and deliver the Bonds and to affix the seal of the County
thereto.
9. Pledge of Full Faith and Credit. For the prompt payment of
the principal of and premium, if any, and the interest on the Bonds as
the same shall become due, the full faith and credit of the County are
hereby irrevocably pledged, and in each year while any of the Bonds
shall be outstanding there shall be levied and collected in accordance
with law an annual ad valorem tax upon all taxable property in the
County subject to local taxation sufficient in amount to provide for
the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and the interest
on the Bonds as such principal premium, if any and interest shall
become due, which tax shall be without limitation as to rate or amount
and in addition to all other taxes authorized to be levied in the
County to the extent other funds of the County are not lawfully
available and appropriated for such purpose.
10. Use of Proceeds Certificate and Non-Arbitrage Certificate.
The Chairman of the Board and the County Administrator, or either of
them, and such officer or officers of the county as either may
designate are hereby authorized and directed to execute a Non-Arbitrage
Certificate and a Use of Proceeds Certificate each setting forth the
expected use and investment of the proceeds of the Bonds and containing
such covenants as may be necessary in order to show compliance with the
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), and applicable regulations relating to the exclusion from
gross income of interest on the Bonds and on the VPSA Bonds except as
provided below. The Board covenants on behalf of the County that (i)
the proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Bonds will be invested
and expended as set forth in such Non-Arbitrage Certificate and such
Use of Proceeds Certificate and that the County shall comply with the
other covenants and representatives contained therein, (ii) the County
shall comply with the provisions of the Code, except as provided above,
so that interest on the Bonds and on the VPSA Bonds will remain
excludable from gross income for federal income tax purposes.
11. State Non-Arbitrage Program; Proceeds Agreement. The Board
hereby determines that it is in the best interests of the County to
authorize and direct the Treasurer of the County to participate in the
State Non-Arbitrage Program in connection with the Bonds. The Chairman
of the Board and the County Administrator, or either of them, and such
officer or officers of the County as either may designate, are hereby
authorized and directed to execute and deliver a Proceeds Agreement
with respect to the deposit and investment of proceeds of the Bonds by
and among the County, the other participants in the sale of the VPSA
Bonds, the VPSA, the investment manager, and the depository,
substantially in the form on file with the County Administrator, which
form is hereby approved.