337
Supervisor Paulette and nominations for Chairman of the Board for 1994
were requested. Mrs. Beasley nominated Mr. Torrence as Chairman of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1994. Mr. Moore seconded
the nomination. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr. Moore
aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, abstained.
After the vote Mr. Torrence thanked the Board for their confidence and
asked for nominations for Vice Chairman.
Mr. Moore nominated Mr. Carwile for Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Carwile declined the nomination.
Mrs. Beasley nominated Mr. Moore for Vice-Chairman of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors for 1994. Mr. Carwile seconded the
nomination. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Moore, abstained.
Mr. Torrence asked the Board to consider by-laws and rules of order.
Mr. Carwile stated that since the Board does not have a charter they
have been operating under a traditional form of government. Mr
Carwile continued by saying that he felt the Board should establish
that they would continue with this form and what is spelled out in the
Code of Virginia for the traditional form of government. Mr. Carwile
continued that he feels that the Board should get in place a charter
but that it would be too complicated and lengthy to take care of at
this meeting. Mr. Carwile would like to adopt Robert Rules of Order
Simplified.
The Board by concensus agreed to follow the traditional form of
government as defined in the Code of Virginia and to adopt Roberts
Rules of Order Simplified.
Mr. Torrence suggested that the Board set a tenative time to close
their meetings. This time could be flexible. If it would only take
another fifteen (15) minutes to complete the agenda, then the meeting
would continue until the agenda was completed, if not, another date an¢
time would be set to handle the remainder of the uncovered agenda.
After discussion, the Board agreed to set 10:30 P.M. as a tenative
stopping time and evaluate each situation as it occurred as to whether
to continue beyond this time.
Mr. Torrence asked if the second Monday night of the month at 7:00 P.M
was still satisfactory with the other members for the regular meeting.
Mr. Carwile suggested that the Board move their regular meeting night
so as not to conflict with Town Council’s meeting.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore tc
hold the regular meetings of the Board of Supervisors on the first
Monday night of each month in the Board’s meeting room. Vote: Mr
©