361
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that due to safety and
liability issues satellite recreational facilities were not ideal for Appomattox County, at
this time.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Mr. Mark Drinkard for a special exception to
the Subdivision Ordinance to allow him to purchase a five (5) acre parcel of property
from his aunt with no road frontage.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow a Special
Exception to the Subdivision Ordinance for Mr. Mark Drinkard to purchase five acres
from his aunt without the required road frontage, as long as he obtained at least a 25 foot
recorded right of way to Route 608. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next informed the Board the Planning Commission had recommended
approving Mr. O. Wilson Staple’s request for a conditional use permit.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve petition 98-336 of O.
Wilson Staples for a conditional use permit to allow additional mobile home on 1.8 acre
lot with existing mobile home and dwelling, zoned V-1. Property is Tax Map Parcel
#90-A-69 and is located at Dead End of Route 676. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented information from VRS on Harry Lawson’s and William
Kerr’s retirement buyback.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate and
pay the County’s share of the VRS buyback for Judge’s Lawson and Kerr. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to recess
until February 28, 1998 at 8:00 A.M. at the Community Center. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye.
a)Chairman
A joint work session and recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors and the Appomattox Town Council was held on February 28, 1998 at 8:00
A.M. at the Community Center, Route 460 East, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: (Board of Supervisors):
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District