031
This being the Annual Organizational Meeting, the meeting was called to
order at 7:00 P.M. by the County Administrator. The invocation was
given by Mr. Torrence and nominations for Chairman of the Board were
requested. Mr. Carwile nominated Mr. Paulette as Chairman of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1996. Mr. Torrence seconde¢
the nomination. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; and Mr. Paulette, abstained.
Mr. Paulette accepted the appointment, and thanked the Board for their
confidence.
Mr. Paulette, than asked for nominations for Vice Chairman. Mr.
Torrence nominated Mr. Moore for Vice Chairman of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors for 1996. Mr. Bosiger seconded the nomination.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye; and Mr. Moore, abstained.
Mr. Paulette asked the Board to consider rules of order. By consensus
the Board agreed to continue using Robert’s Rules of Order Simplified.
Mr. Paulette next asked the Board to establish meeting time, date and
place for 1996.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
meet on the first Monday in each month at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse
with the Public Hearing for Zoning petitions being held on the third
Monday at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence stated he would like for the board to increase their
travel allowance to $100.00 per quarter.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
increase travel expense under 1101 to $100.00 per Supervisor, per
quarter, and appropriate the same. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then asked if any Board member had instructions for the
County Administrator.
Mr. Torrence suggested that department heads automatically make
quarterly reports to the Board. By consensus, it was agreed that
department heads submit quarterly reports to the Board.
Mr. Paulette next called for additions or corrections, to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the public hearings of December 4, 1995 and December 18,
1995; the regular meeting of December 4, 1995 and the recessed meeting
of December 18, 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.