226
Mr. Gordon Staples came forward and gave his address as Evergreen, Va
Mr. Staples stated he was not sure how he felt about the rezoning
because he didn’t know what they planned to do.
Mr. Paulette invited Mr. Staples to attend the Planning Commission
meeting and maybe have his questions answered.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #97-308 of Hill Crest Associates to rezone
property from A-1 to M-1 with Conditional Use Permit to allow auto
repairs and parts sales in existing building. Property is Tax Map
Parcel 72(A)21 & 23. Property is located on Route 609 between Route
460 and County Line.
wMr. John Slusher came forward and requested the rezoning in order to bh
allowed to sell car parts on this property.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments. Hearing none Mr. Paulette
asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #97-309 for Courtland Realty and Health andj
Wellness for a Conditional Use Permit to allow Used Car Sales.
Property is Tax Map Parcel 63(A)11. Property is zoned B-1 and is
located on Route 460 between Route 613 and Route 732.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Terry Ramsey came forward and stated he would answer any questions
anyone might have.
Mr. Paulette instructed Mr. Ramsey to attend the Planning Commission
meeting in case someone had questions.
Mr. Paulette called for further comments on this petition.
Hearing none and being no further petitions, Mr. Paulette declared the
public hearing closed at 7:12 p.m. y) j h,
‘Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on March 17, 1997 after the public hearing in the Courthouse,
Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present: ; ;
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District