309
Moore to appropriate $49,007.00 for the month of November, 1993 fr
the School Textbook Rental Fund. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented a request from Mrs. Ferguson, Coun
Administrator, to make the vacant part-time position in her offi
full-time and to allow her to proceed with filling this position. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr. Torrence to make the vacal
position full-time and to advertise to fill the position. Vote: M
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; al
Mr. Torrence, aye.
The recommendations from the Planning Commission were considered next.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the
following recommendations from the Planning Commission:
93-209 - Barbara L. Mullins - Conditional Use Permit for single
family dwelling and computer service store within same
building. Property is zoned A-1 and is located on Route 627
between Route 616 and Route 631. Planning Commission voted
to recommend approval.
93-210 - Eugene and Barbara Coyle - Conditional Zoning and Conditiona
Use Permit to allow existing dwelling unit to be used for
Tourist Home. Property is zoned A-1 and is located on Route
631 between Route 662 and Route 634. Planning Commission
voted to recommend approval.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Was
Administrator, for an appropriation from the Landfill Bond Accoun'
Mr. Torrence made a motion, seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropria
$5,930.00 from the Landfill Bond Account to cover the following
expenses for the month of November, 1993:
Central Virginia Lab S$ 1,105.00
Caterpillar Financial Services 2,660.00
Caterpillar Financial Services 2,165.00
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mh.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next presented a request from Regional Education
Training Council for funding. After discussion, no action was taken.
The Board of Supervisors next discussed the upcoming reassessmen
Mrs. Belter, Treasurer, has agreed for the assessors to use the ro
above her office during the reassessment. Discussion continued as
the duties of the Board of Assessors and the rate of pay for this Boar«
Mr. Carwile suggested Mr. R. W. "Bobby" Mitchell be put on the list 1
serve, from the Southside Magisterial District, on the Board
Assessors. Other suggestions will be made at the December 1993 meeting.
me}
o<
>) oa USSD Wa | 7h
fazDis6
ce
ce