160
After the invocation, Mr. Jamerson reported the minutes of previous
meeting were incomplete; therefore, consideration of them would be
postponed.
Mr. Jamerson next called on and welcomed Mrs. Billie Lynch, Director of
Technical Services for the Virginia Association of County Officials.
Mrs. Lynch at the request of the County Administrator appeared to
Giscuss the merits of Central Purchasing. Mrs. Lynch reviewed the
procedures, made several suggestions, ancl answered questions.
Following a lengthy discussion, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs.
Lynch.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mr. Bill Stone a concerned citizen. Mr.
Stone explained there were intimidating dogs in his neighborhood and
asked the Board to consider an ordinance prohibiting menacing dogs from
roaming unchecked throughout the County. Although the two (2) dogs in
question have been confined at the request of the County’s Animal
Warden, Mr. Stone felt other measures were warranted - perhaps an
ordinance. Mr. Stone said he did not think a lease law or confinement
law was necessary, but felt the County could do something else to
control such animals. Mr. Lawson, the County Attorney, reviewed the
legal aspects of these situations and opioned that unless a dog bit
someone, it would not be considered vicious merely because it barked at
someone. Mr. Stone felt people should not have to wait until a bite
before action was taken and alluded to other areas of the State that
had laws preventing such incidences. Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Stone to
furnish the County Attorney copies of such Ordinances for further
review and thanked and excused Mr. Stone.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mr. Charlie Peterson, Landfill Supervisor.
Mr. Peterson reviewed the Landfill Operation for March, 1993 which was
1298 tons and resulted in gate billing of $21,274.00. Mr. Peterson
presented computer generated graphs comparing tonnage and billings for
each month since July, 1992.
Mr. Peterson next reported on progress of the proposed transfer site at
Route 604. He has asked the Town of Appomattox’s permission to use
their property for the site. The Town has agreed to lease the site for
$1.00 per year and furnished a proposed lease for consideration. The
Town also requests the County to furnish a Hold Harmless Agreement for
any accidents or damages caused by the use of the property and a copy
of the County’s insurance showing the Town as additionally insured at
this site.
Mr. Peterson also furnished a sketch of the proposed site for review
and a bid from W. Frank Moore, Inc. for contracted work. The bid was:
1. clearing and grading site including roadway berm.... $2,630.00
2. hauling and applying approximately 1,140 tons gravel $4,560.00
3. prime and double seal roadway surface......-.eeeeee- $5,581.31
TOTAL $12,771.31
Mr. Peterson said Mr. Moore could conclude the work within five (5)
working days.