671
WHEREAS, by virtae of bax FO years of employmant, Ms. Barbara R. Williams has made a significant contrtbagon
to the fair, efficient and compassionate administration of the Coart system of Appomattox County and the State of
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Sapervisors wishas to express tts gratiinds and appreciation to Ms.
Barbara B. Williams for har 40 years of dedicated service to flppomatiox Coanty.
NOW, THEREPORE, BE ITRESOLVED by the Appomattox county Board of Supervisors that the County Board
Aareby expresses its stacere appreciation to Ms. Barbara . Williams for her 40 years of dedichted service to
Appomattox County, with the last 34 yeas of that service 4s Clark of the Cireutt Court of Appomattox County, and
BE LT FORTHER RESOLVED ths the Canty Board further wishes Ms. Barbara 8. Williams a long and happy
reqrement, 4nd
BE LT FORTHER RESOLVED that he County Clerk is hareby directed to send & copy of this Resolution te Ms.
Barbers B. Wiltisans. Vote: Me. Chater, age, Mr. Cratt, aye; Mr Comrad, aye; Mr Moore, aye, Mr. Tanner, aye.
Ms. Williams thanked the Board for their support and stated that it has been an honor and
privilege to serve as the Circuit Court Clerk and to work with the present Board of Supervisors
and also the Board members that she has worked with in previous years. Ms. Williams stated that
she could not thank the Board or County Administration enough for their support over the years
and stated that she could not remember a time when she asked for something that her office
needed that the Board did not come to her rescue. Ms. Williams again thanked the Board.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Bill Barbour and Allan Ritz from Jet Broadband to come
forward and update the Board on Jet Broadband activities.
Mr. Barbour stated that he is new to this position with Jet Broadband and also stated that they
have a new COE and President whe started in May of 2009. Mr. Barbour stated that many
changes have been put forth since that time to improve both the picture quality and the reliability
of the plan. Mr. Barbour stated that since taking over this property from another operator, it has
been noticed that there has been a fair amount of neglect due to a lack of capital. Because of this,
in May they began to enhance the plant and hope to soon be able to offer a phone service in the
next couple of weeks and will enhance other services that they continue to offer. Mr. Barbour
also stated that in May, they increased the internet speed and hopes to increase this again in the
near future.
Mr. Barbour stated that they recognized that this is a partnership and they respect this and they
are determined to provide reliable services and hope to continue picking up the customer base
which will also help the County. Mr. Barbour stated that they are working to get the plant in the
condition that everyone expects. Mr. Barbour next stated that they maintain the call center in