ai?
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter began that he would like to request that someone attend the Economic
Development Seminar in Danville. He continued that he felt this would be a good meeting
for someone to attend.
Mr. Carroll stated that he planned to attend this meeting.
Mr. Carwile then addressed the Board and stated that in one of the Board’s recent meetings
he had brought before the Board the idea of standardized plans for schools. Mr. Carwile
continued that he had given the Board some time to think about this and would like for the
Board to follow up on this if they thought that it would be beneficial to the County.
Discussion followed. Mrs. Ferguson will request VACO to poll other counties to see how
they felt about standardized school plans.
Mr. Carter made to motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve Stonewall Vineyards permit
application for Entertainment Festival on May 13, 200 and waive bond fee. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; and Mr. Hancock, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Hancock to senda letter to the Chairman of the
House Appropriations Subcommittee and the Chairman of the Senate Appropriations
Subcommittee supporting NACo’s request for increased funding to the CDBG and HOME
programs. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; and
Mr. Carwile, abstained.
Ms. Terry Cestaro has resigned her seat on the Library Board and the Board needs to appoint
areplacement. Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mr. Tom
Chalfont to the Library Board. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr Carter, aye; and Mr. Carwile, aye.
Mr. Ryan Jennings has requested to be considered for an internship with the County for this
summer. We have never participated in such a program and there are no funds available in
the budget to pay salary. Mrs. Ferguson will check on liability for volunteers with the
County.
Mrs. Ferguson asked the Board what they wished to do regarding the hiring of bond council
for the County’s upcoming financing needs as discussed at a previous meeting. Mr. Kendrick
made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter to hire Sands, Anderson, Marks and Miller. Vote:
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Sheriff Staples requested a supplemental appropriation of $118.37 for overtime
reimbursement by the schools for officers working basketball games. Mr. Carter made
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $118.37 to 3102-1002 for reimbursement for