069
Mr. Moore asks for a variance to paragraph 801.02-9 of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance regarding side yard set
back. Mr. Moore’s property is zoned A-1 and is located on
Route 626 between Route 24 and Route 692. Mr. Moore proposes
to build a horse barn 75’ from the property line. The Zoning
Ordinance requires a 200’ set back from adjacent property
lines for structures containing livestock.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. Mr. Mike
Roses responded saying he was the son of Mr. & Mrs. Moore and
was speaking on their behalf. Mr. Roses pointed out the lot
was only 412’ wide at its widest point at the road and
tapered to 250’ wide at the rear of the lot some 1550 to 1604
deep. This made it impossible to build the horse barn with
200’ set backs on each side.
Mr. Jamerson next asked to hear from those in favor of or
opposed to the variance. Mr. Rice asked to speak. He
related that Mrs. Clyde Marie Wright, the adjacent property
owner closest to the proposed barn, had reviewed the petition
and informed Mr. Rice she did not object to the variance.
Mr. Roses noted he and his wife owned the property on the
other side of Mr. Moore’s lot and they also did not object to
the variance request.
Mr. Jamerson asked for any other comments. Hearing no
response, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell ‘to read the next
and last petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-178 of Elizabeth C. Phelps.
Mrs. Phelps is seeking a Conditional Zoning Permit to allow
installation of a mobile home on their 0.62 acre lot on Route
656 between Routes 657 and 706. The property is zoned R-1
and has been improved by the Phelps’ residence. A mobile
home had been installed on the lot prior to enactment of the
Zoning Ordinance and remained after as a nonconforming use.
The mobile home was removed in December of 1989 and not
replaced.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. Mrs. Phelps
spoke noting the lot consisted of separate wells and septic
tanks and that the proposed mobile home was for the use of a
relative. Mrs. Phelps said she had no intentions of selling
the lot.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those opposing or in favor of
this petition. Mr. Rice asked to speak and pointed out the
Zoning Ordinance stated that if the nonconforming use is
discontinued for two (2) years any subsequent use shall
conform to all requirements of the Zoning Ordinance for the
district in which the land is used. The discontinued use in
this case was 33 months.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any other comments. Hearing
no response, Mr. Jamerson thanked those attending and
declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:40 P.M.