329
Mr. Wilson also feels that Ms. Dixon should answer directly to the Board of Supervisors,
not the County Administrator. She should be given adequate compensation, sufficient
authority and the freedom to apply her creative skills without interference. Do not get
bogged down on details, a parallel effort does not require cooperation.
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda.- ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
(Items 1-4)
1. Presentation of Draft Tourism Plan: Ms. Anne Dixon, Director of Parks,
Recreation & Tourism will present a draft tourism plan and answer questions the
Board may have about the plan.
Ms. Dixon introduced Ms. Rebecca Mayberry from Richmond, who gave a presentation
on advertising in the Virginia is for Lovers Travel Guide.
Ms. Mayberry stated the Travel Guide is an important tool to getting tourists to come to
Appomattox. They provide this guide to anyone who contacts their agency requesting
information on places of interest in Virginia. Appomattox has in the past advertised
jointly with surrounding counties to promote tourism. It is hoped that the County can do
cooperative efforts with businesses to highlight Appomattox County only. Their
publishing company does an excellent job on design work and will help you along these
lines. They also offer a lead response system where other advertisers will sign up and
receive notices of places of interest in the area. Not only are these guides distributed to
people who are responding to the Virginia for Lovers campaign, they are also distributed
to all of the Commonwealth of Virginia Welcome Centers. They are also taken to a
number of trade shows and other venues to attract more tourists to Virginia.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Mayberry for her presentation.
Ms. Dixon presented a preliminary outline of the direction she would like to see tourism
move in the future. She would like to have some definite plans in place before the spring
tourism season. One of the first things she would like to see done, is open the Museum
and Clover Hill Village using experience workers (retired person) in conjunction with the
Historical Society. She is also preparing a computer data base to capture tour bus groups,
etc. She would also like to add a local attractions list to the website being prepared by
the County. There are lots of things to do in Appomattox, we just have to market them.
After going over her draft tourism proposal, Ms. Dixon asked if there were any questions
the Board would like to have her answer.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt Ms. Dixon had covered everything very well.
Mr. Kendrick suggested billboards on adjacent routes around the county to direct people
in the right direction.
Mr. Moore added he felt there was a lot of confusion regarding the two Courthouses.