581
Mr. Carwile then provided a handout for information purposed for the other members of
the Board in reference to the Planning Commissions participation in the zoning process.
This handout contained a synopsis of several sections of the Code of Virginia but
specifically Code of Virginia Section 15.2-2285. Mr. Carwile stated that after reading
this code section he did not feel that he could be part of the Board, whether he was with
the Board or against the Board, voting or not voting, with what he was reading, he did not
feel comfortable to be with the Board in something based on the Code of Virginia.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carwile if he could be more specific.
Mr. Carwile stated that of a public hearing that had already been held and yet the Board
was to hold a round table discussion with the Planning Commission, Mr. Caldwell, etc.
Mr. Bosiger stated that the way he read this section it said that no zoning ordinance shall
be amended or reenacted unless the governing body had referred the proposed
amendment or reenactment to the local Planning Commission. Mr. Bosiger continued by
asking Mr. Carwile if he thought that that section in any way kept the Board from
discussing this issue with the Planning Commission?
Mr. Carwile stated that the issue that they would be discussing was on what had already
been advertised and the public hearing had passed. Mr. Carwile contended that the Board
was continuing the same issue and his concern was with the continuity of that.
Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Carwile felt that the Board could not discuss this issue any more
because they had already held a public hearing on it.
Mr. Carwile stated that maybe they should get a legal reading from the County Attorney.
Mr. Bosiger again stated how he read the code section.
Mr. Carwile said that the way he saw this was how could you take any action or do
anything other than just waste of time.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt that it was up to the Board to decide if they felt that
discussing this matter further was a waste of time. Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt that if it
went to a vote and anything other than what was in the public hearing was voted on then
it would be improper. Mr. Bosiger continued that he did not know how you could stop
discussion on any issue. Mr. Bosiger called for the opinion of other members of the
Board.
Mr. Carter stated that in the Board of Supervisors Manuel, Sixth Edition, it addresses
somewhat Mr. Carwile just handed out, which he felt was contrary to what Mr. Carwile
just said.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Lawson if he were prepared to give an opinion on what Mr.
Carwile was saying.