323
18. Supervisor Concerns: Mr. Carter asked if anyone had anything to
discuss at this time.
Mr. Kendrick has some questions regarding “Status Reports” on
Welcoming Signs — Route 60 in particular; Websites; Tourism
Recommendations; Waste Management and Water Study Report.
Mr. Carroll stated the refinishing of the Welcoming Signs has been
completed and landscaping has been done. Mr. Carroll will research what
was discussed regarding the signs being placed on Route 60.
The Website was recommended at the last Board meeting and very little
has been done on this.
Tourism Recommendations will be forthcoming at the August 4" meeting.
Water Reports: There will be a committee meeting on Wednesday, July
23", provided the engineer is available to finalize this report so it can be
presented to a joint meeting of the Town Council and the Board of
Supervisors in the near future.
There is nothing new to report on Waste Management.
Mr. Kendrick would also like to receive status reports on a monthly basis.
Mr. Carter called for a brief recess at 6:55 p.m.
At 7:02 p.m Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and stated the next item on the agenda was
a joint Public Hearing with the Planning Commission and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments
by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or against the
petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the
record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham who read the first petition:
#03-521 — Louis Foster: Variance to §170-80 of the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance pertaining to rear yard setback for main building in A-1 Agricultural District.
Property is located on Rt. 627 between Rt. 632 and Rt. 616, Tax Map #66(A)32.