258
Jimmy Mayberry
Steve Lawson
John Wilson
Marvin Mitchell
Joyce Bennett
Lewis McDearmon
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
David Garrett - Town Manager
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Roxanne Mundy — Town Clerk
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mayor Spiggle called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Mitchell to deliver
the invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Spiggle proceeded with the Agenda:
1. Report on Tourism:
Anne Dixon, Tourism Director, gave an update on activities for the past year.
She began by stating what she had been working on this past year. The first
thing she started working on was the designing of a brochure describing the
various things of interest to do in Appomattox along with a map and a yearly
calendar of events. She feels this brochure was a very successful tool in drawing
visitors to the area. They also purchased brochure racks for placement in
various businesses around the County and Town. She also received permission
to place these brochures at the Historical Park. She also joined the Virginia
Hospitality & Travel Association which distributes these brochures along corridors
and visitors centers on Interstate 81, 64 and 95.
Her department also helps bus tour groups set up places to visit, shop and eat
during their tours in the County. They also promote antique shops, bed and
breakfast inns, also help staff the museum and Clover Hill Village with
Greenthumb workers on a part-time basis. They also have set up a website —
Wwww.appomattoxhistory.org.
They are also working on a walking tour of the historic homes in the Town area,
and getting some signs or markers promoting upcoming events.
Ms. Dixon concluded by stating that the Visitors Center needs to be staffed by
energetic and outgoing persons who will offer information on what is available in
our community without having to be asked.
Mr. David Garrett presented the Town’s tourism package, stating they would like
to hire a Tourism Director, to market the Town and County. This is no reflection
on what Ms. Dixon has and is continuing to do. They appreciate her efforts.
They recently visited several surrounding town and/or counties to see what they
were doing. They are presently working on a job description and tourism action
plan.