488
By consensus, the Board members agreed to visit the Vera site on
September 7, 1994 at 10:30 A.M. to review the proposed site location
Mr. Carwile’s final item for discussion was the procedure for
distribution of the landfill scale tickets.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley|jto
adopt the following procedure for issuing landfill scale tickets:
1) The County Administrator will order scale tickets
consecutively numbered;
2) The numbering on these tickets will be verified by the
County Administrator and then issued to the Solid Waste
Administrator ;
3) The Solid Waste Administrator will verify receipt of numbered
tickets issued to the landfill;
4) When the tickets are brought in for billing, the County
Administrator will verify receipt of such tickets.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Moore next asked Mrs. Ferguson to present the Administrative Items.
Mrs. Ferguson began by requesting the Board approve the minutes of
previous meetings.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve the
minutes of the Special Meetings of July 21, 1994 and August 15, 1994
the Public Hearings of July 26, 1994 and August 30, 1994; and the
regular meeting of August 1, 1994, as submitted. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request to allow Cloud Abernathy to attend
the Virginia Animal Control Association Seminar. Mrs. Ferguson
explained that this would be extremely beneficial since Mr. Abernathy
fills in for the Animal Warden when he is off.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to allow Mr.
Abernathy to attend the Virginia Animal Control Association Seminar and
to pay expenses from 1101-5504.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Monte Mays, Commissioner of
Revenue, that he and one (1) deputy be allowed to attend the VALECO
Conference.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to pay expenses from 1101-5504 for Monte Mays to attend the VALECO
Conference. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Tommy Gobble to attend the
Waste Management Facility Operator’s Basic Training Course.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to pay expenses fr
1101-5504 for Tommy Gobble to attend the Waste Management Facility
ic
Dm