687
At 7:13 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Regular Session of the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter called for the next item on the Agenda:
4. Lease Agreement with Carver Price Alumni: A public hearing was held to
receive comments on leasing a portion of the old elementary school to the
Carver Price Alumni to be used as a museum.
There were some additions to the Lease Agreement as submitted:
- Utility costs will be borne by Carver Price Alumni
- One (1) year renewal at the end of each year.
Mr. Craft stated he had visited the facility with the Alumni Association and he is in
agreement with leasing them that portion of the building they are asking for — the front
wing of the building. He feels they are enthusiast about the museum and should be
given the opportunity to proceed with their plans.
Mr. Conrad questioned what was included in the original building. This includes the
Assistant Principals office and two (2) bathrooms.
Mr. Carter stated there was $150,000.00 proposedly earmarked for the school. Ms.
Ferguson stated she had seen various articles regarding this money, but she has
received no direct contact and has no knowledge of these proposed funds. Mr. Carter
further stated that there was a study being conducted to see what use of this building
would be most beneficial to the County as a whole. The museum would be fine and
hopefully other identities would be considered.
After much discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve
the Lease with Carver Price Alumni for the Original Structure, plus the Principal’s and
Assistant Principal’s Office and Alumni to assume cost of utilities. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust
aye, Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye and 1
nay votes)
5. Sister Cities International: Sister Cities International writes asking that you
appoint a representative to join the Virginia Sister Cities Association to learn
more of the benefits of International relationships.
Mr. Carter stated that Lynchburg was engaged in this program with a city in France and
have found it to be beneficial.
After some discussion the it was decided that most everyone involved in this program
are cities as opposed to counties. By consensus, no action was taken at this time.
6. Regional Landfill Solution: The Regional Commission has formed a group to
look into the possibility of some type of regional initiative for handling solid
waste. The group is hiring a consultant and the cost is being divided between
the participating localities. The cost for Appomattox to participate would be
$4,171.00.