83
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye; (5 aye votes)
4. Piedmont Court Services Unit Resolution: As a part of preparing this
report, Ms. Ferguson has scheduled meeting with the various organizations
involved in this matter and should have information available at the September
17, 2007 meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had already met with one director and has appointments with
the other two this week. She will present this information at the September 17, 2007
meeting.
5. Mutual Aid Agreement with Campbell County: We have received for the
Board’s acceptance, the Mutual Aid Agreement between Appomattox and
Campbell Counties. As part of our NIMS certification we must enter into the
agreements with all adjoining localities. (See Board File)
Recommendation: Accepting the Mutual Aid Agreement with Campbell
County.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to accept the Mutual Aid Agreement
between Appomattox and Campbell Counties as a part of our NIMS certification after
approval by the County Attorney. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Parade: We have received the
application for participation in the Railroad Festival Parade on October 13, 2007.
Are you interested in participating in the parade and if so do you wish to ride or
walk.
Recommendation: Is to make a decision about participating in the Railroad
Festival Parade.
Mr. Conrad and the rest of the Board asked Mr. Moore to decide if they were going to
walk or ride.
The consensus of the Board was to walk in the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival
Parade on October 13, 2007.
7. Resolutions concerning illegal aliens: The Culpeper County Administrator is
requesting that we adopt a resolution requesting that the General Assembly
authorize the appointment of a Commission to study and make recommendations
to the General Assembly with regard to legislative solutions to problems caused
by illegal aliens in the Commonwealth.
Recommendation: To consider this request.
Mr. Conrad stated there was an article in the news media recently about Culpeper
County and they are quite concerned with the number of illegal aliens that seem to be