117
the north side of Mountain Cut Road (Route 695) for the location of an automotive
repair garage, mechanical and body shop with the following conditions:
» A forty (40) foot buffer of existing hardwood trees shall remain around the
perimeter of any area cleared for the commercial use.
e In connection with the commercial use, no more than tweive (12) inoperable
vehicles shall be visible from the public right-of-way or from any adjoining
property.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5A. Appointment of Professional Assessor:
Harold Wingate has written informing us of the need to appoint a
professional assessor for the remainder of the reassessment. He has
suggested Mr. Don Thomas and has provided a resume for your
consideration.
Recommendation: Staff recommends appointing Mr. Don Thomas as
professional assessor for the County.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Mr. Don Thomas as the
professional assessor for the County for the remainder of the reassessment process.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5B. VACOQ Voting Credentials:
Virginia Association of Counties has requested that you appoint a
representative of the Board of Supervisors to cast our votes at the Annual
Business Meeting. Mr. Craft fulfilled this responsibility last year. Mr. Conrad
and Mr. Craft will be attending the annual conference this year.
Recommendation: Staff recommends appointing a representative to cast
your vote at the annual business meeting to be held in November, 2007.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to appoint Mr. Craft to represent
and cast the votes for the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors at the annual VACo
meeting in November, 2007.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5C. Virginia Region 2000 Ann i ing:
The Annual Dinner Meeting of Region 2000 will be held October 18, 2007
beginning at 6:00 P.M. The meeting will be hosted by Lynchburg City
Council and the guest speaker will be Dr. Christine Chmura, Chief Economist
of Chmura Economics. Dr. Chmura will present the National, State and
Regional Economic Outlook.
Recommendation: Staff recommends notifying the County Administrator
if you will be attending in order that she can make your reservations.