437
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the Carver-Price Alumni
Association proposal pending any legal issues concerning disposal of said property.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called attention to the Administrative Items: (items 1-8)
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
recommended that for reasons of public necessity, convenience, general welfare
and good zoning practices, the approval of Petition 03-530 — James Nolen,
Thomas Nolen and Ann Coleman to rezone from R-1 Residential to A-1
Agricultural property located on Route 645 between Route 679 and Route 604,
tax map numbers: 87(2)9, 87(2)10, 87(2)11, 87(2)12 and 87(A)24.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, that the Board of Supervisors
accept the recommendation of the Planning Commission to approve for reasons of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare and good zoning practices, Petition 0 3-530—
James Nolen, Thomas Nolen and Ann Coleman to rezone from R-1 Residential to A-1
Agricultural property located on Route 645 between Route 679 and Route 604, tax map
numbers: 87(2)9, 87(2)10, 87(2)11, 87(2)12 and 87(A)24.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Elementary School Committee Recommendations: The Committee has
recommended that the Board pursue grants for the purpose of renovating a portion
of the Carver Price Elementary School to accommodate the needs of CVCC
through the Region 2000 Regional Commission and other means. The Regional
Commission would be able to provide grant writing services and, if the project is
funded, would provide project management for the administration fee associated
with the grant.
Staff recommends that the Board pursue the recommendation as listed and work
to obtain grant funding/historic tax credits through the Regional Commission to
make the necessary improvements to the building for a community meeting place.
Mr. Carter stated that after looking at this proposal in depth, hearing Mrs. McCoy’s offer
to provide her services to help move this project forward, and taking into consideration
that we pay the Regional Commission .15/.16 cents per capita to perform such tasks as
this, as County representatives we need to keep in mind that this can and would be done
entirely through their hands with no extra costs to the County.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, that the
Board pursue the services of the Regional Commission to obtain grant funding/historic
tax credits to make the necessary improvements to the Carver-Price Elementary School
Building for use as a community meeting place. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)