119
By consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was to look into this matter
and return to the Board at the July 1996 meeting with information.
Mr. Paulette then stated he had been approached by Kenneth and Gloria
Richardson concerning a subdivision matter. Mr. Paulette continued
that the issue was whether brother or sister constituted immediate
family under Section 141-6. Mr. Paulette stated the State Code did no’
recognize brothers and sisters as immediate family and he felt this wa
not correct. Mr. Paulette explained he had requested Mr. Lawson,
County Attorney, to seek a ruling, on this matter, from the Attorney
General’s Office.
Mr. Carwile then reminded the other members of the Board about a
request from Dot Davidson for a dumpster to be placed in Sleepy Hollow
Mobile home Park. Mr. Carwile explained he was willing to work with
the County to locate a site, if the Board wished to proceed with this
request.
The need for satellite sites in various areas, of the County was
discussed. Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to have satellite site plans
designed to be presented to the Board, at a later date.
Mr. Paulette next asked if the Board wished to take action on the
Pamplin School property, from the public hearing.
Discussion followed concerning the need for a playground area in
Pamplin City.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
transfer to the Town of Pamplin, the old Pamplin School lot. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
By consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to write the
Pamplin Town Council, urging them to attempt to locate a playground in
the Town of Pamplin.
Mr. Paulette next asked the Board for approval of a road agreement for
Holiday Acres Subdivision. Mr. Paulette explained the Planning
Commission and the County Attorney had reviewed and accepted this
document.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept the road
agreement for Holiday Acres Subdivision. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the May 20, 1996 public hearing.
Mr. Paulette stated the Planning Commission recommended disapproval of
petition number 96-291 of Charles R. Griffin.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence t
accept the Planning Commissions recommendation on petition number
lamLi?)