504
plus travel expenses and pay Craddock-Cunningham on an hourly basis for their
staff's time. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Proclamation Recognizing Victims Rights Week: Mrs. Freshwater,
Victim-Witness Coordinator, is requesting the Board adopt a proclamation
recognizing the week of April 18-24, 2004 as Victims Rights Week.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following
proclamation:
PROCLAMATION
Whereas, we as a nation recognize crime victims’ suffering, struggles and loss, and value
them as our family members and friends, neighbors and co-workers who have been harmed by
crime; and
Whereas, we as individuals and communities value core rights for crime victims that allow
them to participate in justice processes with rights to information, protection, restitution, and to
be heard; and
Whereas, we value the critical assistance and services that provide for crime victims’ basic
needs, such as fair treatment, dignity, respect and information, and the life essentials, such as safe
housing, food, support for their children, transportation, counseling and medical services; and
Whereas, we value those among us who work on behalf of crime victims to not only
improve rights, services and treatment of victims of crime, but to also build a better and more just
community and country; and
Whereas, we value our right to be free from violence, to be safe in our homes and to live in
peace in our communities; and
Whereas, America as a Nation values liberty and justice for all, including efforts to protect,
enhance and expand crime victims’ rights and services; and
Whereas, America has joined together annually for the past 24 years to recognize the needs
and rights of crime victims and survivors;
Therefore, be it resolved, that Appomattox County proclaims the week of April 18-24,
2004 to be Appomattox County, Virginia Crime Victims’ Week and honors crime victims and
those who serve them during this week and throughout the year;
And be it further Resolved, that as individuals, as communities and as a nation, we continue
to value crime victims and survivors, and to value justice in our nation that includes and involves
crime victims.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)