340
Mr. Paulette next informed the other members of the Board that the $250,000.00 was
now available to transfer into the CIP Account.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to transfer
$250,000.00 from the General Revenue Fund into the CIP Account. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Paulette asked if there were any other matters to come before the Board.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette explained an executive session was necessary to discuss two
(2) personnel matters and a legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:05 P.M. seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session to discuss legal and personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 11:04 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence, the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for any action from executive session.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to support Terry Eagles’ position
at approximately $40,000.00 for three years. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.