367
Staff recommends the Board accept the Courthouse Committee’ recommendation
to request the time extension based upon delays associated with the weather.
After some discussion by Mr. Dan Siegel, Attorney for the Project, Mr. Kendrick made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to have Mr. Siegel proceed with the request to Judge
Poston for a time extension on the court order due to the unusually wet weather we have
been experiencing. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Central Virginia Community Services Board: The Community Services Board
is requesting that the Board adopt a resolution allowing them to borrow $126,895
over a five (5) year period to lease telephone equipment. It is estimated this
equipment will generate a savings of $82,205 over the five (5) year period.
As a member of the Community Services Board, Mr. Moore gave an explanation of the
request. This system will allow them to tie all their various locations into one phone
system, not at a cost, but a savings over a period of time.
Mr. Moore further explained that the Board would not be responsible for this
expenditure, but that the Community Services Board needs to have the approval of the
local jurisdictions to proceed with this.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following resolution
regarding the expanded and upgraded telephone system for the Central Virginia
Community Services:
RESOLUTION
EXPANDED TELPHONE SYSTEM
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services wishes to expand and upgrade its
current telephone system at a 5-year lease of $126,895; and
WHEREAS, this amount will save Central Virginia Community Services approximately
$82,205 over the 5-year period; and
WHEREAS, the Executive Committee of Central Virginia Community Services, on
August 27, 2003, approved entering into a lease with Central Virginia Communications
and directed the Executive Director to contact each local jurisdiction to request approval
to enter into a lease purchase agreement with Central Virginia Communications as
documented in the attached Resolution; and
WHEREAS, this lease-purchase arrangement will save Central Virginia Community
Services approximately $82,205 over the $209,100 cost of our current system over the
same period: