Il.
655
c. Approximately one month out the year is dedicated to routine line cleanout.
Any maintenance that is required above and beyond those items listed above
shall be considered unusual maintenance.
AGREEMENT
For and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein, the parties hereto do agree as follows.
A. Sanitary Sewer System:
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
Town will require by ordinance, pretreatment of all industrial wastes that exceed
normal residential strength or that contains constituents regulated under the
Town’s discharge permit. Industrial/commercial enterprises will be required to
perform monthly testing on industrial/commercial waste and reporting to the
Town of all waste streams that enter the wastewater system, unless it can be
demonstrated that testing is not necessary to insure compliance with the
pretreatment ordinance. Individual water meters at service connections may be
turned off if industry does not comply with the pretreatment ordinance.
County agrees to participate on a percentage basis for any capital improvements
projects at the wastewater treatment plant as that capital improvement relates to or
is required by the industrial park (i.e. mandated regulatory improvements).
Percentage will be computed by (146,000 gpd reserved for park/300,000 gpd
total)=.4867 or 48.67%.
Town will maintain ownership and operation of the wastewater treatment facility
and shall reserve a capacity of 146,000 gallons per day (gpd) of capacity for the
Industrial Park.
As long as the industrial/commercial waste produced meets the requirement of the
pretreatment ordinance, and the County’s 146,000 gpd allotment at the wastewater
treatment facility has not been exceeded, any industrial park customer may
connect to the sewer system immediately.
County shall participate in the capital costs of the wastewater treatment plant
upgrade to 300,000 gpd on the basis of the following:
County Cost = (Total Upgrade Cost — Lagoon Closure Cost) divided by
300,000 gallons = per gallon cost x 146,000 gpd
County will pay Town two(2) payments per year for five (5) years to pay off its
portion of the wastewater treatment plant upgrade actual capital costs. The
payments from the County will be at a 0% interest rate. Extra project costs (i.e.
loan closing costs, permit fees, etc.) shall be shared according to the following
formula.
County’s Portion of Cost = (48.67%) x Costs
The Town shall have the option to buy back unused capacity at the wastewater
treatment facility at a cost to be determined by a mutual agreement between the
Town and County.
County shall have the option to purchase additional capacity, if available, at the
wastewater treatment plant at a cost to be determined by mutual agreement
between the Town and County.
Each customer within the Industrial Park will be required to have a water meter on
potable water and a sewage sampling station located prior to it’s connection to the
wastewater collection system.