323
The school building itself, has facilities that the Park Service does not currently have
particularly a larger venue for educational purposes, especially for really large bus
groups. At present, they can only accommodate about 70 people at a time in their
present auditorium and they have to stagger their visitors and this elongates the school
groups visits because they have to take turns viewing the orientation film. This will
provide a better place for the orientation viewing before visiting the Park itself. This is
also an advantage to the County and the Town as it places the visitors in town prior to
coming out to the park. This will be a win-win situation for everyone.
Mr. Carter stated he failed to introduce John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator,
prior to opening the floor for comments.
Mr. Spencer stated that a month ago, we held the first public hearing on the Community
Development Block Grant program. This is the second public hearing which is required
by the Community Development Block Grant program. Last month we introduced you to
Mr. Scott Smith who is with the Region 2000 — Local Government Council. Mr. Smith is
present this evening to talk about the project of the Carver-Price Educational Workforce
Development Center Project and he is also going to talk a little bit about the grant
submission and where we are at this point.
Mr. Spencer then turned the meeting over to Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith began by thanking the Board for having him in attendance tonight. First, he
would like to talk about what the CDBG Community Development Block Grant process is
and why we have to hold two (2) public hearings. The requirement from the Virginia
Department of Housing and Community Development is that we are to do one public
hearing where we introduce the concept of this grant program to the community, that
we might apply for a grant and that the money could come to this community and what
it should be spent on. The second public hearing deals with what the Management
Team has decided to apply for. At the last public hearing we had presentations from
people in favor of a Workforce Development Center as well as an animal shelter. Both
are very worthy projects. In this case the Community Development Block Grant will
fund things like the Workforce Development Center, but not an animal shelter
unfortunately. The Management Team has directed us to go ahead with putting
together an application for the Appomattox Workforce Development Center, which is
supposed to be housed in the former Carver-Price Elementary School. Mr. Smith
distributed a handout that the members of the public received tonight, if anyone wanted
to follow along. The Management Team has already been referred to by Mr. Johnson,
from the National Park Service. Mr. Smith did have a correction to make on the hand-
out — the Appomattox Courthouse National Historic Park. The Management Team over
the past year has consisted of representatives from the County, the Town, Parks and
Recreation, Public Schools, Chamber of Commerce, Carver-Price Alumni Association,
Central Virginia Community College, HDH Associates, National Park Service, Region
2000-Local Government Council, also the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board, the
Virginia Employment Commission and the Virginia Department of Housing and
Community Development. This group was basically formed with the task of looking at
the Carver-Price School and determining what, if any, best uses could be put into that
school. Among the options, a Workforce Development Center came out. Mr. Smith
presented some pictures showing the layout of the school, standing on Confederate