288
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT: (Planning Commission)
Marvin Mitchell
Shannon Dews
Al Sears
Calvin Tanner
Jerry Hughes
Kevin O’Brien
Steve Conner
Barry Morris
Brian Baines
Robert Johnson
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet - County Attorney
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held in the old
J & D Courtroom immediately following the Public Hearing We will begin a hearing of
each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to
speak for and /or against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes
whether speaking as an individual or as representative of a group or organization.
However, should the number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10),
the time will be adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Overstreet requested to make a statement prior to the reading of the petition.
Mr. Overstreet stated that there are several things to look at regarding this petition.
One is, if we are looking to grant a conditional use permit for a new business or new
use, which he does not think is the case, it appears to him this is part of an existing
business because the automobile graveyard is not to be operated as a business, so
probably what should be done, if granted, is amending an existing conditional use. It is
appropriate to go through this procedure to do this. His question to the Planning
Commission is that the County has a couple of ordinances dealing with this issue. 1) On
abandoned vehicles — Chapter 158 of the County Code. 2) A provision for Licensing of
Junkyards. There is also a provision of the State Code regarding screening of junkyards,
with regard to distances from primary & secondary roads, interstates, etc. He would ask
tonight to have the Public Hearing and hear comments on the proposed conditional use
permit petition. He is also asking that before the Planning Commission makes a
recommendation, they allow staff to look into this and report back to them on what we