461
Ms. Rockefeller is presenting the Board with a comprehensive status report on the landfill
operations, including a review of options for future solid waste disposal. The Board
should be aware that several important decisions will have to be made in the near future.
Ms. Rockefeller discussed the Recycle Program and how they use or disposal of brush,
cardboard & mixed paper, metals, oil and oil products, salvage of household items, tires
and wood products.
Ms. Rockefeller also discussed a proposal for the cost of operating manned sites. She
also discussed the costs of landfill operations, the cost of opening a new cell and the
costs of transferring waste by contract haulers.
Mr. Craft thanked Ms. Rockefeller for her presentation.
At 6:58 p.m. Mr. Craft called for a short recess.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Craft re-opened the meeting and called for ADMINISTRATIVE
ITEMS: (Items 1 — 4)
1. Resolution Supporting Regional Commission’s Legislative Agenda:
At the last meeting, the Board directed a resolution be written urging our General
Assembly members to stop unfunded mandates on localities and in general
support the Region 2000 Regional Commission's 2004 Legislative Agenda.
Staff recommends that the following resolution be adopted and forwarded to Senator
Frank Ruff and Delegate Watkins Abbitt.
RESOLUTION IN SUPPORT OF THE
2004 LEGISLATIVE AGENDA
DEVELOPED BY THE
REGIONAL 2000 REGIONAL COMMISSION
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia is experiencing a severe budget crisis that
has caused deep concern among the state’s localities; and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia has long placed educational, environmental,
transportation and other mandates on local governments and has steadily increased the
financial burden imposed on local budgets by said mandates; and
Whereas, the Commonwealth of Virginia has state and local tax structures that fail to
clearly identify the service responsibilities of each level while causing a grave inequality in
the ability of localities to raise revenue; and
WHEREAS, Stanley I. Goldsmith has fostered unique programs that provide services to
existing businesses, engage young adults in defining their community, introduce
teenagers to the industrial work environment, and emphasize and improve the
technological attributes of the region: