026
organization’s 990 tax return was all that was necessary and,
for those not required to file a tax return, a list of the
previous year’s itemized expenses and income should suffice.
After some discussion Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by
Mr. Torrence to require a copy of a 990 tax return or an
itemized list of expenses and income from organization before
County money is’ donated. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Beasley next was recognized and reported she has been
trying for some time to locate a new solid waste transfer
site in her district since the one at Kendal Hunter’s
property has been recently closed. Her latest efforts have
been directed at the Transco Pumping Station property and the
Surrounding area since a site here could be conveniently used
by residents in the Walton Place and Falling River
subdivisions and also by those living in the vicinity of the
Country Club. She reported management at Transco was
reluctant for the County to use their property because of
potential liability. She also talked with property owners
adjacent to Transco’s property, but found no one willing to
participate. A discussion followed and by consensus the
Board authorized Mr. Rice to talk to Transco in another
effort to locate a site there by possibly leasing a site to
eliminate Transco’s liability and point out the corporate
good will to be realized.
Mr. Moore next was recognized and reported on the air
conditioning in the County Clerk’s office. He has conducted
several experiments and is convinced the heat pumps are
oversized and not running enough to control the humidity. It
seems the solution is to disconnect one heat pump system,
connect the duct systems, use only one (1) thermostat for
control, and connect the second heat pump in series for
back-up heating in the winter. Mr. Moore is presently
working with Bohannon Electric and is going to get a cost
estimate to connect the ducts and do the rewiring as
required.
The Board next considered a letter dated August 5, 1992 from
J. Edward Hurt, Service Consultant with Blue Cross Blue
Shield. In this letter Mr. Hurt informed the Board the
current contract (and the one recently proposed) includes no
provisions to cover retirees beyond the period mandated by
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA).
If group health care coverage for retirees beyond the COBRA
limits is to be considered, it must be jointly sponsored by
the County, the Town, and the School Board since all three
entities are participants in the Group. Also, the program
would be open to all retirees as specified by the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Finally, Mr. Hurt in
his letter cautioned the County that adding retirees to the
group would probably adversely affect the rates since the
group’s rate is based on experience and adding an older
segment would tend to increase claim expenses. After
considerable discussion the Board by consensus appointed Mrs.
Beasley and Mr. Rice to talk to Mr. Hurt to clarify Blue