649
Ms. Ferguson stated that when the Board received complaints please contact the County
Administrator and let her know the day and time and what site the situation occurred so
that the complaint can be investigated.
Mr. Carter stated that he is hearing these complaints from all the sites.
Mr. Tanner asked if Ms. Rockefeller could continue to monitor these sites this month to
see if the citizens continue to not come after dark. Mr. Tanner stated that he feels that
citizens have adjusted to this time and we can revisit this issue again next month.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not have a problem with this; however he will start telling
the citizens that are calling him to not call the Landfill Supervisor, but to call their
respective Board member for their district.
Ms. Ferguson questioned if the Board still wanted staff to proceed with trying to get a
lower bid on the lighting of the convenience centers?
It was the consensus of the Board to proceed with getting more bids for the lighting of the
convenience centers.
Mr. Carter questioned what time table we are looking at to receive these bids.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we would have to get an ad in the paper and then receive bids so
we will get this done as soon as possible.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had received a lot of positive comments on the sites.
Hearing no further comments from the Board, Chairman Conrad presented
Administrative Item #1 - VDOT Resolution- Comfield Lane and explained that VDOT
is satisfied that all is in order and is asking the Board to adopt the enclosed resolution
accepting Cornfield Lane, Route 1067 into the Secondary Road System for maintenance.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion. Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the resolution
accepting Corfield Lane (Route 1067) into the Secondary Road System for maintenance.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no comments, Chairman Conrad
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — Resolution of Appreciation for
Barbara Williams upon her retirement. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Rasolution Noting with Appreciation tha Ratiramant, of Barbara R. Wilts fem
Flex Position As Clark of Ciecatt Coar¢ of Appomeattos Coanty
WHEREAS Ms. Barbara &. Williams retired on August 31, 2009 atter #0 years of employment
wath Appomattox County, starting August 4, 1969 as Deputy Clerk of Circutt Court and baing