334
Mr. Siegel thanked the Board stated that he has put together a resolution for the Boards approval.
Mr. Siegel stated that this has been set up just as things have been set up in the past.
Mr. Siegel called for any questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he had looked over the Resolution and the Bond Documents and they
all appear to be in order.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the Resolution as prepared by Sands Anderson Marks and
Miller. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated he has a problem extending loan payoffs.
Mr. Conrad stated not we are not hurting ourselves, with being so far ahead we are giving
ourselves more flexibility. Mr, Sanderson explained the process of restructuring and how it is
changing the amortization schedule.
Hearing no further comments, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
OF THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors (the “Board of Supervisors”) of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia (the “County”) had previously directed Davenport & Company LLC as
financial consultants and underwriter (“Davenport”) and Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller, a
Professional Corporation, as the County’s Bond Counsel (together, the Consultants”), to
evaluate financing options and to recommend a plan of financing (the “Plan of Financing”) for
the costs of (i) refunding of certain County lease obligations, including: the County’s outstanding
School Capital Lease Purchase Obligation, Series 2001, its Public Facility Lease Revenue Note,
Series 2003A, its Public Facility Lease Revenue Refunding Note, Series 2003B, its Public Facilities
Lease Revenue Bond, Series 2005 and its Public Facilities Lease Revenue Bond, Series 2006
(together, the “Outstanding Bonds”) and (ii) to fund certain utility improvements for the County
(the “Project”);
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors adopted a resolution on May 4, 2009 (the “Initial
Resolution”) approving the Plan of Financing utilizing the Selected Option (as defined in the
Initial Resolution) with SunTrust Bank presented by the Consultants to the Board of Supervisors
wherein the Davenport will purchase the Bonds (as defined below) to be repaid by a financing
lease between the County and the Authority and in tum, the Board of Supervisors directed the
Consultants to prepare the appropriate documentation to complete and fund the Plan of
Financing for the costs of refunding the Outstanding Bonds and the costs of the Project;