73
13. Annual Forestry Report: Rick Butler, Appomattox Country Forester, has
provided the annual report for Appomattox County for your review.
14. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: The Robert E. Lee Soil &
Water Conservation District Board of Directors has provided the minutes of their
meeting on January 27, 2005 for your information.
15. Appomattox County Parks, Recreation & Tourism Department: Mrs.
Dixon has provided her report for March, 2005.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Conrad stated he did not have a concern, but last week he had the pleasure of
visiting the Legacy Museum in Lynchburg and Carolyn Bell took him on what was about
a two (2) hour tour of the museum. He found it to be most interesting and informative.
He suggested that anyone having the time, visit the museum to get some idea of what
the proposed Carver-Price Museum would include.
There were no other comments to be made at this time.
Mr. Carter next called the Board’s attention to the UPCOMING MEETINGS:
March 28, 2005 @ 6:30 p.m.
Joint Meeting with the Town Council
Appomattox Community Center
April 4, 2005 @ 6:30 p.m.
Regular Meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
Town Council Chambers
April 7, 2005 @ 7:00 p.m.
Budget Meeting
Upper Level County Administration Building
(Old J & D Courtroom)
At 6:43 p.m. Mr. Carter recessed the meeting until after the Public Hearing.
At 7:37 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the regular Board Meeting.
Mr. Carter welcomed Mr. Ted Cole and Mr. David Rose of Davenport & Company
to the meeting. Mr. Cole and Mr. Rose are meeting with the Board to present a Capital
Funding Analysis and go over some funding sources for upcoming projects.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there had been some discussion on all the projects we have
ahead of us and how to finance them with the least amount of impact on the citizens of
the County. Mr. Rose and Mr. Cole have reviewed the County's finances and developed
an analysis as to the impact of the new projects on the County's financial future which
they will present to the Board.