435
On Monday, February 2, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building,
located at 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ABSENT: Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District-(Illness)
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. and asked Mr. Tanner to deliver the invocation which
was then followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda, having no additional items for the
agenda Chairman Conrad called for public comment.
Having no public comment Chairman Conrad called on Mr, Bobby Wingfield to appear
before the Board as scheduled to discuss a proposal from Roam Secure Inc. for an
Emergency Notification System (Reverse 911).
Mr. Wingfield came forward and explained that basically the Emergency Notification
System is a reverse 911 notification that a lot of other communities have at this time. Mr.
Wingfield explained that this system will enable his office to get a message out to the
public quickly.
Mr. Wingfield explained that this system is a hosted web based system that would not
require the purchase of any computers, hardware or contracts.
Mr. Wingfield explained that Roam Secure currently has a contract with the State of
Virginia where they do all of Virginia Department of Emergency Management, State
Police and State agencies which means it is a blanket contract with the State, so under
procurement, which has been approved by Mr. Overstreet would mean that we would not
have to go out to bid for this program.
Mr. Wingfield explained that he had received a grant in the amount of fifty thousand
dollars that will pay for this program for the first two years. Mr. Wingfield explained that
in the third year a payment of $7,500 would need to be paid by the County.