590
WHEREAS, other proposed budget amendments will negatively impact
certain elderly or disadvantaged local citizens because of reduced
funding for the general relief and to agencies on aging, community
service boards, and community action agencies; and
WHEREAS, a myriad of local government programs are affected by the
proposed budget cuts; and
WHEREAS, the budget amendments also propose the phasing our of a $300
million local license tax on businesses, professionals, and
occupations; and
WHEREAS, VACo has been meeting with the business community to improve
administration of the BPOL tax and to develop other alternatives; and
WHEREAS, the elimination of this important local revenue source would
present an extreme hardship for local governments; and
WHEREAS, local governments have been grappling with state budget
reductions and holding the line on local expenditures since the late
1980’s and local fiscal stress is well documented, so any additional
state cuts will have severe local implications.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the aforementioned budget
amendments proposed on December 19, 1994, will balance the state budgetby shifting costs and responsibilities to local governments who in turn
will have to decide whether to raise taxes, cut local services, cut
funding for education, or some combination thereof; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County expresses its concern about these budget amendments proposed by
the governor on December 19 and conveys to its General Assembly
delegation that the approval of these amendments will have serious
local consequences; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be sent to the
Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, the Honorable George F.
Allen; to the Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Hunter
B. Andrews; to the Chairman of the House Appropriations Committee,
Delegate Robert B. Ball, Sr.; and to Representative, Watkins M. Abbitt,
Jr; and Senator, Richard J. Holland,
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Spout Spring Ruritan Club
that in the event inclement weather would cause them to be unable to
hold Bingo on Friday night, would it be permissible to hold the game on
Saturday night?
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that
Spout Spring Ruritan Club could hold Bingo games on Saturday night, if
Friday night game was cancelled due to weather conditions.