320
Discussion followed.
Mrs. Ferguson will check into this and report at a later date.
Being no other Supervisor Concerns, Mr. Moore called to Mr. Hal Craddock to appear before theBoard.
Mr. Craddock discussed with the Board a change order relating to the window at the Sheriff's
Department at a cost of $387.37.
Mrs. Ferguson also discussed a change in the connection of the roof drains that will dump onto theparking lot. The Sheriff is concerned with this freezing and causing accidents. The price of putting
this under the paved area will be $1,004.30.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approved the expenditures for the corrections
to the Sheriff's Addition. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick asked Mr. Craddock to address some concerns regarding the Courthouse. Somediscussion followed with Mr. Craddock stating that the present Courthouse should be renovated evenif it were not used as a Courthouse. The building definitely should not be torn down.
Mrs. Ferguson reminded the Board that they had approved for Mr. Craddock to proceed with the
drawings for a new courthouse and a contract has been signed. The property has been surveyed andMr. Craddock is working on these drawings. Mrs. Ferguson has spoken to the Judge but he would
not get into any discussion due to the legal litigations that are pending. The only comment he would
make was that the present building is totally unacceptable and something had to be done.
Mr. Carter reminded the Board that according to Roberts Rules of Order that the prevailing side, Mr.
Kendrick or Mr. Hancock, had to bring up this issue before another action could be taken and maybe
we need the opinion of the County Attomey.
Mr. Kendrick stated he would like to have Mr. Craddock proceed with the study on how we could
phase the renovation of the Courthouse in a way that would be pleasing to the Judge and at the same
time would be pleasing to us financially.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to direct Mr. Craddock to make a study on how we could renovate the
Courthouse in phases over a period of three years.
Discussion followed.
This motion does not indicate any stoppage of any kind.
Mr. Puckett will talk with the Judge on Monday to get his feelings on this subject.