280
commitment t hat something w ould be done to benefit all of the citizens of the
County, but so far nothing has been done. He would rather budget more money
and the County be more involved in the dispensing and share in the return. The
present tax structure will never allow this to happen. He continued with the “rules
of investment are you should get a return”. He would like to increase the tourism
budget to $50,000 and direct Mr. John Spencer to oversee the process and hire a
director as a County employee.
Mr. Carter stated that tourism and the Chamber of Commerce are two separate
identities. The Chamber of Commerce is for businesses, largely downtown and
tourism is for all parts of the County. This Board just recently endorsed tourism
and the only way to achieve this to bring it under the realm of the County.
The consensus of the Board is to have staff: 1) Develop some strategy; 2)
evaluate the return of investment; 3) have groups work together to achieve a goal,
this goal b eing monies coming in and reducing tax base. A lso hold money in
budget until that criteria is met.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the next item:
2. Festival Permit: The Lions Club is requesting approval of a festival permit
for their annual Food Festival to be held on Friday, May 16, 2003. They are also
requesting the Board to waive permit and bond fees as in previous years.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the festival
permit for the Lions Club to hold its annual Food Festival to be held on Friday,
May 16, 2003. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile has a concern regarding the Lime Plant. He understands that we
should be able to place a tax or fee on each ton of lime that goes out of the
County, or is sold in the County. If we access a five or ten cents tax per ton, look
at the revenue we could generate.
Mr. Carroll will check on this and report back to the Board.
At 8:45 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adjourn.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
é.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman