236
of how it will impact the County. He feels like this will be a “nightmare” before it is all
over. He will coordinate with Janet and get the figures out as soon as possible.
Janet Belter is requesting that the Board adopt an ordinance to provide for the
implementation of the 2004-2005 changes to the Personal Property Tax Relief Act of
1998. This ordinance is provided in the Personal Property Tax Relief Guide & Model
Ordinance Ms. Belter received at a recent VML meeting (pages 12-14). This must be
adopted by January 1, 2006. Both Ms. Belter and Mr. Mays feel this is a fair and
reasonable approach to take.
Mr. Overstreet explained that you set your tax rate to generate X number of dollars. All
the vehicles are assessed. You set a percentage as to how much money you want to
collect. You get that amount and the State will be giving you money back. The rate
you affixed on everything is applied against $20,000 and up. What you have done is,
the State is giving you money, which you have to apply to those rates under $20,000.
You will get your amount that you set your rate at, it is just a question of how much
relief will be given to those under $20,000. Those people assessed over $20,000 will
have to pay.
Mr. Mays stated that the law states that whatever the State gives you back, for
example; 60%, that means that the taxpayer or the County will have to make up the
additional 10% because last year you got 70%. The legislature passed a law that says if
you don’t abide by this ordinance, whatever you increase your tax rate by, the taxpayers
will pick up 100%.
Mrs. Ferguson and Mr. Overstreet will draw up an ordinance for approval by Ms. Belter
and Mr. Mays.
Mrs. Ferguson brought up the subject of County decals. As everyone is aware, the
newspapers have been carrying articles about doing away with county decals, etc.
Campbell County has done so as well as a lot of surrounding localities. She has
discussed this with Ms. Belter and they have agreed that this would be a time saver and
also save some expenses. We would need to do a couple of things in order to do away
with the decals. We would need to change our ordinance where it says “ issuance of
decals”. Basically the tax would remain the same but the wording “issuance of decals”
would have to be removed. The billing method would be by adding this to your
personal property tax bill. The first year this is implemented, the other localities found
that it is easier just to do a prorated fee for the decal, thus creating a slight reduction in
revenue. After that, it would fall on the calendar year and work out fine. We cannot
get this done in time for the upcoming year, but we would like to get everything in place
by 2007.
There was some discussion regarding how this would be done and how we can check to
see if this tax has been paid. Ms. Belter explained that a hold on registration would be
placed with DMV. There would also be a charge of $20.00 for the stop order.
Ms. Ferguson, Ms. Belter and Mr. Mays will work on this and get back with the Board at
a later date.