114
represented by Central Piedmont Private Industry Council. Mr. Simpkins then offered to
answer any questions of the members of the Board.
Questions and comments followed.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Mr. Simpkins and called on Mr. F. Edward
Williams, Jr., Executive Director for Independent Living to appear before the Board.
Mr. Williams came forward and provided the Board members with handouts that
explained what services the Lynchburg Area Center for Independent Living provided for
the area. Mr. Williams then provided information on the activities of the Lynchburg
Area Center for Independent Living. In closing Mr. Williams explained that his reason
for coming before the Board was to request funding in order that they could provide
services to a broader area.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Board would begin work on the budget after Feburary
2000 and that Mr. Williams’ request would be considered at that time.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Williams and asked Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT,
Resident Engineer to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began that she did not have anything for the Board except to remind them of
a work session that has been scheduled for October 26, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the
Appomattox Residency Office on the Six Year Plan for Secondary Roads. Ms Lindsay
then provided information concerning WATCH FOR CHILDREN signs for the Board to
review.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he would like to start off by asking the Board to look under
Administrative Items, item two. Emergency Operations Plan Supplement. Mr. Bosiger
explained that as Emergency Services Director he was serving on a Public Safety
Committee working with the Y2K problem for Appomattox County. Mr. Bosiger
continued that accordingly a Y2K Contingency Plan had been drafted that needed to be
approved and adopted by the Board as an addendum to the Emergency Operations Plan.
Mr. Bosiger stated that at the last meeting of the Public Safety Committee it was decided
that an emergency number needed to be installed that would be used during emergency
situations that would not tie up regular lines at the Sheriff's Office. Mr. Bosiger
explained that the committee felt this number should be installed immediately in order
for people with questions or concerns that may be caused by the Y2K issue could call to
have their questions answered. Mr. Bosiger stated that this number should be in service
from now until after January 1, 2000. Mr. Bosiger also stated that the Sheriff's Office
was presently serving as the Emergency Operations Center and that he hoped that during