346
William H. Craft, Chairman
On Monday, September 15, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
its regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located on 220 Community
Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and called on Mr.
Conrad to deliver the invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American
Flag.
Chairman Craft called for the setting of the Agenda, Ms. Ferguson added Administrative Item
#7A- Declaration of Local Emergency Resolution and Declaration of the Local Emergency
termination as of 6:00 p.m. today.
Ms. Ferguson also added Administrative Item #7B- Appointment to the Planning Commission.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to add Item #7C- a letter/resolution of appreciation to the
Emergency Responders and citizens who responded to the local emergency.
Chairman Craft commended the County Administrator and County Staff for the excellent
response to the local emergency.
Mr. Tanner stated also it was amazing how people come together during an incident like this and
this County did come together. Mr. Tanner stated that he was so thankful that there were no
fatalities.
Mr. Conrad stated that he also was on the site of this incident from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. and
things went smoothly and was very well coordinated, everyone worked well together. Mr.
Conrad stated that accolades go out to the entire County.
Mr. Tanner stated that he understands that some churches are getting money and things together
for those who lost their homes and he feels the entire County has responded in a very
professional and caring way.