219
Ms. Ferguson next presented the Extension Service budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that this
budget has an increase due to a full time salary with new Extension Agent and not having
vacancies in the office and they are also asking for $2000 for a summer intern. Ms.
Ferguson stated that also they have money in the professional development and money in
mileage. These are areas that we have never budgeted before.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the capital project budget reflects some of the money we
will be spending out of the bond. This is the portion that we have to pay for the Regional
Landfill and Regional Jail.
Ms. Ferguson next presented the School budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that she had cut
what the School Board stated was over and above what is required to get the state and
federal money.
Ms. Ferguson questioned if we are only paying matching funds to get the state money and
the State is only giving a two percent increase in December how is the school going to
give a 5.9 percent increase. Ms. Ferguson stated that there is money in their budget
somewhere that is not needed to match those State standards. Ms. Ferguson stated that
she is going to call Dr, Boone and have him answer this question.
Mr. Ferguson stated that Mr. Tanner questioned why the school is requesting a twelve
percent increase in health insurance when the increase is actually going to be 8.8 percent.
Ms, Ferguson explained that she talked with Mr. Perrow at the School Board and he
explained that he had put that figure in the budget much earlier before the actual 8.8
figure was known, however he had also figured the fuel at $3.10 a gallon and is sure that
fuel is going to be much higher than that and he would move the extra from the insurance
line item to the fuel line item,
Mr. Ferguson stated that the request for local dollars over last year is $266,743 the rest of
the schools increase is in State and Federal funds. Ms. Ferguson stated that the School is
saying that $161,172 is above the local match that is required. Ms. Ferguson stated that
they have a big increase but that is with the State and Federal dollars. Ms. Ferguson
stated that there is no way we can give them additional funding. Ms. Ferguson suggested
cutting the school budget by $161,172 which is the amount that is over and above what is
required to meet the State and Federal match.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in the Social Services budget there was a request for a three
percent increase and she would be contacting Mr. Elder and asking him to cut the
increase to a two percent increase. Mr. Elder has also asked the Board to fund two new
employees for Social Services. Ms. Ferguson stated that the State has completed an audit
and Appomattox Social Services has been approved for two employees, however they
will not fund these employees. Ms. Ferguson stated that the two new employees are
included in the budget submitted by Social Services.
Ms. Ferguson stated that at the next Board meeting the Board would need to establish a
proposed tax rate. Ms. Ferguson stated that she is going to make all the changes as of