126
Recommendation: Staff recommends considering this request. The County
Attorney may wish to comment on this.
Mr. Overstreet stated he had looked through the Policy for the Use of Courtland Field
and he does not see anything in this policy that would give us the authority to waive
this fee. We need to set a policy to that effect or waive it for everyone. We cannot pick
and choose under the Equal Protection Rules of the Constitution. It is his opinion that,
unfortunately, the Board does not have the authority to do this.
The Board by consensus denied the request to waive the $100.00 damage deposit.
Mr. Craft called attention to Section 5.A. - Rules for Use: “No alcoholic beverages
allowed on the grounds at any time.” We need to make some changes or amendments
to this policy, one way or another. With this damage deposit, if there are no damages,
your deposit is refunded.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she, Mr. Overstreet, and Mr. Conrad have had some discussion
on this particular item today. This is a County Policy, it is not an Ordinance, so the
policy itself can be amended as the Board sees fit. She would go so far as to say that
she would personally not like to see you remove this statement in its entirety. It serves
a great purpose and we don’t want people loading up coolers and coming to the ball
park, Courtland Field or wherever. If Mr. Overstreet could invent some proper language
to state that if the beverage is served by the person/organization putting on the event,
that it would be acceptable with permission by the County Administrator or whoever that
may be. You can amend this Policy prior to making a decision about anything else.
Mr. Conrad stated that we could probably put in a statement to the fact that the
alcoholic beverages are provided by the sponsors of the event. For the safety of
everyone involved that it be done by the Board and not placed on the County
Administrator.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the sponsor of the event is distributing the alcoholic
beverages, then they have some control of the amount and so they could cut someone
off and refuse to sell them anymore, if a problem persisted or if they felt the person had
had too many.
Mr. Overstreet suggested that for tonight, there be a motion and vote to amend this
policy to allow the salel of alcoholic beverages by the sponsors of the event under the
terms and conditions established by the County Administrator for this field. This would
take care of this event and in the meantime, we could work up a more comprehensive
policy for the Board's approval amending the current policy.
After further discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to amend
Section 5.A to allow the selling of alcoholic beverages by the event sponsors at Courland
Field. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Department of Conservation and Recreation Inspection: