184
Chairman Craft next called Mr. Wingfield, Public Safety Director to appear before the
Board to update the Board on fires that took place on Sunday, February 10, 2008.
Mr. Wingfield stated that there were three major fires in the County on Sunday, February
10, 2008. The fires were at Poor House Creek, Webb Mill and Forest Chapel.
Mr. Wingfield stated that February 10" was a statewide event, not just local. The fire
department had to depend solely on local resources.
Mr. Wingfield stated that the department worked well together as a team and calling for
mutual aid just did not happen, due to this being a statewide event.
Mr. Wingfield stated that the 911-Center received 354 calls within a ten hour period. Two
additional employees were called in to work.
Mr. Wingfield stated the Trent Hatchery Fire was a dangerous fire. Mr. Wright’s house a
trailer and another old house were at risk. Luckily no occupied structures were lost.
Also, citizens were made aware that there may be an evacuation. Fire Department
wanted to be proactive and let citizens know so they could prepare.
Mr. Wingfield reported that there was one injury in the County which was in Pamplin at
the Forest Chapel fire. Member of Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department lost footing and
fell into fire and has seconded degree burns.
Mr. Wingfield reported that radio traffic was unbelievable, due to ei ght working fires that
lasted all day. The fire that were worked were Poor House Road, Webb Mill, Forest
Chapel Road, Trent Hatchery, Liberty Chapel, South Fork, Hollywood Road and
Buckingham County. Pamplin Volunteer Fire and Appomattox Volunteer Fire responded
to most all fires. There were a few smaller fires that only one fire department responded,
but at the larger fires it was a mutual effort.
Mr. Wingfield stated that Mr. Godsey has assisted in getting the mutual channel up and
Tunning using the tower in the Industrial Park. If this type of emergency should occur
again Pamplin and Appomattox would be able to talk with each other along with the
sheriffs department.
Mr. Wingfield stated that citizens were a tremendous help during this time. Bulldozers
from private contractors donated there time and machinery. The citizens who donated
their equipment and time were Frankie McCormick, Dave Hackett, CW Vandergrift,
Roger Franklin and John Harris. With the help of these private contractors and citizens it
was a big plus for our department that day.
Mr. Moore questioned what started these fires? Mr. Wingfield stated that most of the
fires were started from falling power lines due to the wind.