663
Mr. Brian Selz came forward and stated that he was here on behalf of Mr. & Mrs. Bryant.
Mr. Selz stated that he had spoken to the Board and Planning Commission twice before
and therefore he would make his comments brief. Mr. Selz continued that even though
this proposal was slightly different from the two previous ones it was still not a
reasonable proposal. Mr. Selz contended that this petition was no more reasonable,
feasible, or logical than the previous petitions. Mr. Selz continued that this was still a
request to locate an industrial zone in the middle of a residential area. In closing Mr. Selz
stated that this was something that should not be done and he would submit that this was
probably something that would not hold up if it was done.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Rueben Bryant came forward and gave his address as 247 Station Lane, Concord
Virginia. Mr. Bryant stated that this request had been repackageda little bit and some
conditions had been attached to it but it was still an M-1 zone being placed in an
agricultural setting. Mr. Bryant continued that the proposed use would be degrading to
adjoining property and their quality of life. Mr. Bryant stated that this issue had to do
with their homes and that it had to do with where they lived. Mr. Bryant continued that
he felt that zoning must be enforced uniformly and consistent. Mr. Bryant implored the
Board to render a wise decision. Mr. Bryant provided excerpts from a letter from Mr.
Clingenpeel with Norfolk and Southern Railroad explaining that he had never tried to
purchase this property. Mr. Bryant said that this should dispel rumors that he was only
angry because he had not been able to purchase this property himself. Mr. Bryant also
stated that he had been accused of taking keys from equipment that had been stored on
this property. Mr. Bryant continued that he wanted to assure everyone that he had not
taken keys from anyone. Mr. Bryant thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Gary Martin came forward and gave his address as 177 Station Lane, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Martin began by saying that last month he asked the Board to do the right
thing. Mr. Martin continued that he felt that the Board should defend the quality of life
for the citizens in this area. Mr. Martin then passed to the Board and Planning
Commission some pictures of a mobile home that he said had been pulled onto the
property in question. Mr. Martin stated that these pictures should show the complete lack
of concern that Mr. Moore had for his neighbors. Mr. Martin stated that he and his
neighbors had been forced to live with threats and implied threats. Mr. Martin stated that
he was not reassured by the conditions that Mr. Moore had offered because he did not
feel that Mr. Moore would adhere to these conditions. Mr. Martin in closing asked the
Board to please do the right thing.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. James Jordan came forward and gave his address as General Delivery, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Jordan stated that he had been Mr. Bobby Moore’s neighbor for a number
of years. Mr. Jordan continued that Mr. Moore was the best neighbor that anyone could