501
Mr. Huff began by reviewing what the Board had instructed his firm to
do on September 14, 1994. He then asked Mr. Jacobs to provide the
Board with the revised documents for their review. (Handout in
September 1994 Board file).
After an explanation of the documents, Mr. Torrence questioned whether
the debt service schedule was figured with level payments or
fluctuating payments as would be necessary if the funds were borrowed
from Virginia Public School Authority.
Mr. Huff explained that the examples had been prepared using level debt
service payments.
Mr. Torrence explained that this concerned him because he had
understood that our debt service payments could not be level and he
feared we would not be presenting a true picture to the citizens of the
County.
Mr. Huff explained that if the referendum for a new middle school
passes, the County would have options other than Virginia Public School
Authority to borrow from.
Mr. Paulette stated that he felt that with the information provided by
Robinson, Farmer, Cox the Board could provide fairly accurate
information to the citizens.
Mr. Huff reminded the Board that considering the financial requirements
for landfills they should strongly consider building a fund balance to
take care of this requirement and keep the County from having to
purchase expensive insurance to meet these requirements.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like to have the Board draft a
document with the information provided by Robinson, Farmer, Cox and do
a bulk mailing to all county residents. Mrs. Ferguson was asked to
draft such a document for Board approval on 10/3/94.
Mr. Torrence, also informed Mr. Huff that the Board would schedule two
(2) public meetings to give citizens an opportunity to ask questions
concerning the information provided and Mrs. Ferguson would contact
them with these dates.
Mr. Torrence thanked Messers. Huff & Jacobs and invited Sheriff
Richardson to join the Board for the discussion on the new information
that was provided on the proposed Regional Jail.
Mr. Torrence asked if any Supervisor had comments after reading the
cost projections provided by Ferris Baker Watts.
Mr. Paulette stated that he felt that there was so much information to
consider that it was hard to determine the best route for Appomattox
County to proceed. Mr. Paulette continued by saying that he did not
like Appomattox County loosing control of it’s local facility and if
the State would do their part the County would not need to do anything
at this time.