515
Mr. Carter stated that to help stimulate the project, we could say no compensation for the Board
for this Fiscal Year which would equate to $35,000 dollars this year and then we could revisit
this again next year.
Chairman Conrad stated that our pay is a pittance for the time that is put into this position, and he
is on other boards that requires him to go to three and four days a week with no pay and he feels
it would get tiresome really quick with no compensation.
Mr. Craft stated that he has spent approximately twelve hours this week in Lynchburg on a
committee.
Mr. Carter stated that he is looking for the less pain.
Chairman Conrad stated that if the Board is going to do this they may as well go to the
Constitutional Officers and cut out all travel for anyone all the way down the board. Chairman
Conrad stated that we have saddled ourselves here with some of these projects and they will be
beneficial to the County in the future in helping us to grow, however he is not sure at this point
and time that we keep piling it on. He stated that we need to let things level out and look at this
again later. Mr. Conrad stated that we need an Economic Development Director but not if we
don’t have the money to support it.
Mr. Carter stated that he knows where Mr. Conrad is coming from but he is passionate about this
Economic Development Director and it is the vision of the future for the County and he does not
see where we have a choice,
Mr. Conrad stated again that if we do not have the money to pay for some of this stuff and the
very people you are asking to pay this are already having a hard enough time just feeding their
families to pay for this position after they have lost their jobs and they do not have the funds.
Mr. Tanner stated that last year it was a mistake by not increasing the tax rate even a small
amount, because now we would not be looking at such a huge increase, but it still would not
erase what we are doing tonight. Mr. Tanner stated taking on the water line project is a great
accomplishment and it is going to bring great things to the County, but right now with the
economy the way it is, It’s not necessarily the best time to create a position, but he is in favor of
this position especially if we can do this for only a one cent increase. Mr. Tanner stated that we
do not have to hire a seasoned veteran in this position. Mr. Tanner stated he thinks if we can
bring in a less seasoned but high energy well educated person with the credentials they could be
respected if they bring things to the County. Mr. Tanner stated that we can build some
performance goals into this position.
Mr. Carter questioned what needs to be done about money for the operating reserve for the
unknown expenses in which we might incur.