127
On March 27, 2007 staff from the Department of Conservation and Recreation
conducted an assessment of the County's Erosion and Sediment Control
Program. Results are enclosed. (See Board File)
Recommendation: Staff will be implementing measures in the months ahead
to rectify the problems that have been noted by the Department of Conservation
and Recreation.
Ms. Ferguson wanted to make the Board aware that this is a mandated program by the
State and the purpose is to preserve construction sites, to make sure there is no run-off
or damage done to any streams or adjacent property. We were very nervous about this
inspection because the gentleman did not seem well pleased with our program when he
was here. But as you can see, we really did great. The inspection part was where we
are really lacking and there is nothing we can do about that except personnel. We will
be working on that. They have given us a little time. We will receive a formal notice
after November 15th, and that will give us a set number of days to start taking care of
the problems. Mr. Roark is already working on amending the ordinance which is part of
what we got “gigged” on as our ordinances are not up to date. These will be presented
for your approval at a future date. We were told we looked a lot better than some
localities they have inspected.
4. Resolution Requ ncerning Capping Inter tes on Consumer
Loans:
The Staunton City Council is requesting that you adopt a resolution asking the
Virginia General Assembly to cap interest rates at 36% APR on consumer loans
such as payday lenders and auto title loans.
Recommendation: Staff recommends that you consider the request from the
Staunton City Council.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
TO REQUEST THAT THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
AND
GOVERNOR OF VIRGINIA
TAKE ACTION TO PREVENT EXPLOITATIVE PAYDAY LENDING PRACTICES
IN THE COMMONWEALTH
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia, represents the
citizens of Appomattox County, Virginia;
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia, shares these same
significant concerns wand wishes to express the collective sentiments of the People of the County
of Appomattox, Virginia, that the General Assembly and the Governor of Virginia, ought to take
action to prevent further exploitative payday lending practices; and
WHEREAS, it is vital that the General Assembly and the Governor of Virginia give their
earnest attention to these matters at the next regular session of the General Assembly and enact
laws that will prevent further exploitative payday lending practices.