681
Mr. Mays explained he was coming asking the Board to revise Article V
of the Appomattox County Code - Exemption for Elderly and Disabled
Persons. Mr. Mays explained that this revision was necessary due to
the general reassessment.
Mr. Mays continued by saying one hundred and twenty six people qualify
for this exemption.
The recommended revisions were to Section 147-12.(1); Section
147-12.(2); Section 147-12.(3), and Section 147-13.C(1).
Mr. Mays then answered questions concerning the exemption and the
proposed changes to the ordinance.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs
Beasley to proceed with making the proposed changes to the Appomattox
County Code concerning tax relief for the elderly. Vote: Mr. Paulette
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Mays next asked the Board to pay his expenses to VALECO.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve paying Mr.
Mays expenses to VALECO. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Mays and called for Supervisor
Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated he had received numerous complaints on the Route 648
site. Mr. Carwile continued that if we could not move along with this
site, we need to look for another area for a site.
Mr. Torrence asked how the other Board members felt after the public
meeting on E911.
Mr. Carwile stated he was in favor of moving forward with E911.
Mr. Torrence stated he was also in favor of moving forward with E911.
Mr. Paulette explained the comments he was receiving were negative
toward E911. He also stated that with the proposed rate increase by
G.T.E. he was concerned that people would have to cancel their phone
service because the cost would be too great.
Mr. Moore stated he was receiving negative comments due to the rising
cost of telephone service.
Mrs. Beasley stated she is concerned with the liability involved with
this service.
Mr. Moore stated he would like to see this issue as a referendum on the
ballot in November, 1995.