614
Mr. Paulette stated that he felt Welfare Reform was of major concern to
local government and that this was already an issue that VACO was
working on.
Mr. Paulette explained that the Board of Supervisors needed to take
action from the public hearing of April 24, 1995 to dispose of property
donated to the Athletic Fund. Mr. Paulette explained there were no
comments made at public hearing.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to give Mrs. Belter,
Treasurer, permission to sell the property donated by Courtland Mfg. to
the Athletic Fund. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the April 17, 1995 public hearing.
Mr. Paulette presented petition 95-239 and stated the Planning
Commission recommended approval.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve petition
number 95-239 of George H. Bryan for Conditional Use Permit to allow
home occupation (musical instrument repair). Property is zoned A-1 and
is located on Route 721 between Route 608 and Route 653. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented petition 95-240 and stated Planning
Commission recommended approval with provisions.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve petition
number 95-240 of F. B. Litchford, Jr. to rezone property from A-1 to
M-1 and Conditional Use to allow Trailer Storage lot. Property is
located on Route 460 between Route 667 and Route 648, provided that
screening (pines) is provided on the end of the property closest to
Jellystone Park. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next brought petition number 95-241 before the Board and
explained the Planning Commission recommended approval.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve petition
number 95-241 of Steven T. Conner to rezone property from A-1 to B-1.
Property is located on Route 605 between Route 60 and Buckingham County
Line. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented petition 95-242 of Rosa Huff Guill and
stated the Planning Commission recommended disapproval.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Moore if he could explain why the Planning
Commission recommended disapproval on this petition.