621
Effective Date: This ordinance shall be effective 120 days after certified written
notice of its enactment is received by the registered agent of the service providers
required to collect tax.
REPEAL “C” Section 147-19
The monies raised from the above tax is for the operation of the sanitary landfill
and solid waste disposal.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any comments.
Hearing none, the public hearing was closed at 6:12 p.m.
Z.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, August 16, 2004, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s regularly
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office, located
on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and asked Mr. Conrad to give the invocation.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda: There is one item to be added:
4A — RFP for Cleaning of New Courthouse
Mr. Carter then called for Citizen Comment Period: This time is provided by the Board to
allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to the citizens.
Mr. Robert Hunt came forward. Mr. Hunt stated he was not sure of his address, that was why he
was here. Mr. Hunt’s address was Rt. 5 Box 670, Appomattox for a good number of years when
it changed to 135 Country Estates Road about three (3) years ago. Now it is being changed
again. It costs a lot of money to change an address. He estimates it cost him around $150 the
last time. Now the Streets that were just re-numbered, by your authority, are being re-
numbered again. He wants to know why. He also questioned what was being done with the
$3.00 tax collected on his telephone bill for E-911.
Mr. Carter stated the County was under a state mandated ordinance that dictated that every
street and every road in the County that has three (3) or more houses on it, will be E-911