506
13;
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
other than as governmental unit, as provided in Section 141(c) of the Code;
provided, however, that if the County receives an opinion of nationally
recognized bond counsel that any such covenants need not be complied with to
prevent the interest on the Bonds from being includable in the gross income for
Federal income tax purposes of the registered owners thereof under existing law,
the County need not comply with such covenants.
The Board of Supervisors hereby recommends to the Authority that Crestar Bank
be appointed as Trustee under the Indenture.
All other acts of the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board and other officers
of the County that are in conformity with the purposes and intent of this resolution
and in furtherance of the plan of financing, the issuance and sale of the Bonds and
the acquisition, construction, and equipping of the Projects are hereby approved
and ratified.
Any authorization herein to execute a document shall include authorization to
deliver it to the other parties thereto and to record such document where appro-
priate.
The Board of Supervisors hereby declares its intent to reimburse itself with the
proceeds of the Bonds for "original expenditures" as defined in U.S. Treasury
Regulation 1.150-2 (the "Reimbursement Rules"), with respect to the Projects,
made on or after the date which is 60 days prior to the date of adoption of this
resolution. The Board of Supervisors reasonably expects on the date hereof that it
will reimburse the "original expenditures" as to the Projects with proceeds of the
Bonds, in accordance with Section 1.150-2 of Reimbursement Rules. The
maximum principal amount of the Bonds expected to be issued for the Projects is
$2,500,000.
The Board of Supervisors on behalf of the County hereby designates the Bonds as
" “qualified tax-exempt obligations" for the purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the
Code, allocates to the Authority $2,500,000 of its allocation of "qualified tax-
exempt obligations" for the Bonds for purposes of such Section and represents
and covenants that not more than $10,000,000 in bonds, notes, leases and other
obligations of the County (including any subordinate issuing entities), excluding
private activity bonds, will be issued in calendar year 1998 and that neither the
Board of Supervisors nor the County will designate more than $10,000,000 of
qualified tax-exempt obligations pursuant to Section 265(b)(3) of the Code.
The County hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and save harmless the Authority,
its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all liabilities,
obligations, claims, damages, penalties, fines, losses, costs and expenses in any
way connected with the County, the issuance of the Bonds or the acquisition,
construction and equipping of the Projects.