112
On December 30, 1992, I Gordon L. Rice, as County
Administrator conducted a_ telephone poll of Board of
Supervisors asking for a vote to accept Cabell Insurance
Agency and Cincinatti Insurance Company for casualty
insurance for Appomattox County for 1993.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson - Aye
Mr. Moore - Aye
Mr. Torrence - Aye
Mr. Carwile - Nay
Mrs. Beasley - Absent
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting
Room, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday,
January 11, 1993.
Present:
Dennis Torrence, Appomattox River District
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Gordon Rice, County Administrator
This being the Annual Organizational Meeting, the County
Administrator, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. The
invocation was given by Mr. Carwile and nominations for
Chairman of the Board for 1993 were requested. Mr. Torrence
nominated Mr. Jamerson as Chairman of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors for 1993. Mrs. Beasley seconded the
nomination. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Jamerson, abstained.
After the vote Mr. Jamerson accepted the gavel and
appointment, thanked the Board for their confidence, and
expressed his commitment to chair the Board in the interest
of the citizens of Appomattox County to the best of his
ability.
Mr. Jamerson, then asked for nominations for Vice Chairman.
Mr. Moore nominated Mr. Torrence for Vice Chairman of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1993. Mr. Carwile
seconded the nomination. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
abstained.
Mr. Jamerson asked the Board to consider bylaws and rules of
order. By consensus, the Board agreed to continue the rules
of order established by tradition of previous Boards based on
Robert’s Rules of Order and the County Ordinance.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to establish meeting dates.
By consensus, the Board agreed to meet regularly the second
Monday of each month at 7:00 P.M. in the Board’s meeting room
and at other times as required and agreed upon.