530
The Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority is made up of five (5) localities, Cities of Bedford
and Lynchburg, and the Counties of Bedford, Campbell and Halifax. These localities
must approve the membership of Appomattox and Amherst County through a service
agreement before Appomattox and Amherst can join. Appomattox and Amherst
Counties must also approve the service agreement once approved by the BRRJA
localities.
After a brief discussion period, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Gillespie, Mr. Webb & Mr.
Blackstock for their presentation.
At 7:17 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:20 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Eric Eberly, Extension Agent to address the Board: Mr.
Eberly has requested to meet with the Board to request your support for a grant
application funded by Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization
Commission. Individuals will have the ability to receive cost share reimbursement in the
areas of forage management and utilization, genetic improvement and cattle handling
facilities.
Mr. Eberly stated that in 2002 nineteen counties in Southside Virginia along with the
Economic Director of Halifax County put together a grant proposal to the Tobacco
Commission. At that point in time, it was felt that it was too large an amount to start off
with initially and so it was originally funded at $500,000 for the Counties of
Mecklenburg, Halifax and Mecklenburg Counties. Since then, additional counties have
submitted grant applications. Last year an application was funded for $300,000 to a
group of counties. This year, a group of counties, Appomattox, Buckingham, Campbell
and Cumberland have joined together to form a cattlemen’s association and put
together a grant application for up to $500,000 for a beef improvement project. This
will be a 50% cost share program. The main thing is that producers will be eligible to
apply for the grant. We currently have twenty (20) beef producers that are qualified.
He is asking to Board to endorse this project.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to write a letter in support of the
Central Virginia Value Added Beef Initiative. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson made the announcement that Mr. Eberly had accepted another position
and would be leaving the county, moving to Blackstone, VA.
Mr. Carter moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 3)
1. Voting Credentials for VACO’s Annual Meeting: A member of the Board of
Supervisors needs to be appointed as delegate to attend the VACo’s Annual
Business Meeting and vote on behalf of Appomattox County. The Annual
Business Meeting is being held during the VACo Conference on Tuesday,
November 14" from 10:15 a.m. to Noon at The Homestead in Bath County.