194
6. “No Car Tax” Repeal Resolution: The Farmville Town Council and the Prince
Edward County Board of Supervisors have passed a resolution urging the repeal
of the “no car tax” legislation that was enacted by the General Assembly. Staff is
recommending that the Board consider adopting the resolution with the
understanding that if it does so, it is very doubtful that the General Assembly will
take any action.
Mr. Carwile is glad that someone has taken a stand on this issue. He has been against this
ever since Mr. Gilmore suggested reduction of this tax. He feels it is a fair and just tax.
Mr. Moore feels it is a good idea but it will not pass in the General Assembly. Nothing
will happen. However, he will support the resolution. He feels the need for a review of
the income taxes.
Mr. Kendrick stated we have already adopted a Regional Resolution but he is in favor of
supporting this resolution. He would really rather see a better sales tax system because
the current one is totally inadequate.
Mr. Carter feels it is a fair tax because everyone who owns a vehicle, pays taxes.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the
following resolution of support:
Whereas, elimination of the personal property tax on automobiles currently costs the
Commonwealth of Virginia $825 million a year.
Whereas, Governor Mark Warner has enacted budget cuts to save $858 million over the
next two years.
Whereas, the $858 million budget cuts include, but are not limited to the following:
The loss of funding for tourism promotion
The loss of funding for workforce training
The loss of funding for small business development
The loss of funding for health education programs
The loss of funding for colleges and universities
The loss of funding for economic development
The loss of thousands of jobs
Whereas, the loss of the aforementioned core services, programs and jobs will have a
negative impact on Appomattox County and its environs,
Whereas, the loss of the aforementioned core services, programs and jobs will have a
negative impact on the entire Commonwealth of Virginia and its citizens,
Therefore, let it be resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors did, in
open session on December 16, 2002, unanimously vote to request Governor Mark Warner