125
Mr. Paulette next explained to the Board that the Piedmont Regional
Jail is willing to enter into an agreement with Appomattox County to
hold our inmates for $24.00 per day.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to get with Sheriff
Staples and see what details could be worked out on this agreement.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Mrs. Ferguson for permission to
attend Local Government Officials Conference, August 11-13, 1996.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve expenses
for Mrs. Ferguson to attend Local Government Officials Conference.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
D-
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Appomattox Pentecostal Holiness
Church for the use of the Courtland field for a fund raiser.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Appomattox
Pentecostal Holiness Church the use of the Courtland field. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained the landfill budget has been overextended and
requested the Board allow bills to be paid from 4203 container site
repair and maintenance, for the remainder of FY96.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to pay bills from
4203 container site repair and maintenance for the remainder for FY96
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
D-
Mr. Paulette next called for a motion to enter into executive session
to discuss a legal and personnel matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into executive
session at 10:29 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence, seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 11:20 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; anc
Mr. Torrence, aye.
D-ary
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in