237
who wish to speak for the petition and finally comments from individuals speaking
against the petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and
address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham, who read the first petition.
03-516 — John O. Harrison and C. Douglas Branch: Re-zone property from
M-1 Industrial to B-1 Business. Property is located on US 460 between Rt. 613
and Town Limits, Tax Map #63(A)48.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, he
proceeded to the next petition.
03-517 — Harry C. Pearson, David T. Perkins, & H. Curtis Pearson: Re-zone
property from R-1 Residential to B-1 Business with conditional use permit for a
car wash. Property is located on US460 between Rt. 1045 and Town Limits, Tax
Map #63(A)52.
Mr. Fred Kruschwitz, Rt. 3, Box 178, Appomattox, came forward and gave a presentation
with a site plan for the car wash. A single bay will be putin initially, but they may
expand if demand is great enough. Entry will be from an excess road. Wants to be able to
subdivide the property.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone else wished to speak for this petition. No one came
forward.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 7:10 p.m.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter stated there was be a joint public hearing of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council and the Pamplin Town
Council on the Comprehensive Plan.
Mr. Carter then read the following statement: This joint public hearing held by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council, the Pamplin
Town Council and the Appomattox Planning Commission is the publics opportunity to
comment of this draft. Before any comments were received, the Vice-Mayor of the Town
of Appomattox, Marvin Mitchell opened the Appomattox Town Council meeting. Mayor
Robert Mitchell of Town of Pamplin opened the Pamplin Town Council meeting.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone present wished to speak for or against or have any questions
to be addressed on the Appomattox Community Development Plan.
Having no one to speak, Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing at 7:16 p.m. with the
Appomattox and Pamplin Town Councils adjourning.