186
Courtroom.
Mr. Phelps stated that they were planning on having at least two or three people here at all times.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Carter and stated that going back to his statement that the judges
should be brought in on this, Mr. Carwile continued that he stood to be corrected but it was his
understanding that the judges authority was when he was having court. Mr. Carwile stated that
when the judge was using the courtroom it was under his authority but he understood then it was
back to the Board to control the Courthouse. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not know if he
shared Mr. Carter’s fears as to what might happen. Mr. Carwile stated that life was a gamble
every day with everything that we do and that he was not really sure— Mr. Carwile asked Mr.
Phelps what would be the hours they were requesting?
Mr. Phelps stated the hours would be 10:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Mr. Carwile stated that with the people on Board he was sure that with an event like this the
Sheriff's Department would be in and out looking and so he was not sure. Mr. Carwile asked Mr.
Phelps if he was going to have any of his people there?
Mr. Phelps stated that he would.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would feel that with what was taking place he would feel that the
Courthouse would be the place, a lot of people have not seen the pictures. Mr. Carwile continued
that he really did not have that instilled fear, sure, he knew that everything was a gamble but
maybe he was more optimistic and not as much of a pessimist.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Kendrick how he felt about this request?
Mr. Kendrick stated that he felt this should be run by the Judge to see if he is okay with it and he
feels that someone from the Sheriffs Office should check the facility at least prior to the event
and afterwards. Mr. Kendrick continued that the society that we live in dictates that we have to
make the facility secure. Mr. Kendrick stated that other than that he did not have a lot of
objection but he did believe that it should be run by the Judge.
Mr. Moore began that he had never thought about security being a problem although he realized
that security was becoming a problem everywhere. Mr. Moore stated that he actually had no
personal problems with the Historical Society having tours of the building during the month but
since the issue of security had been brought up that maybe we should do something to make sure
Meat 4}
Lihat Lie ig Was secule.
NIP. FUCIPS Stated tilat provably Uley CoUuId flave Olle O1 Le Gepuly 5 Ol Liei OW] Ue LU be
present with members of the Historical Society. Mr. Phelps stated that he was all for security, it
was a big problem.
Mr. Moore stated that it was now but it used not to be. Mr. Moore continued that maybe the