264
for about 11 years at no charge to the owner. They would appreciate any assistance the
Board of Supervisors can give them financially this budget year.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Lyons and called Mike Johnson, Captain of the Appomattox
Volunteer Rescue Squad.
The Rescue Squad has requested $20,000 to help purchase a new truck. Donations are
down, gas and maintenance costs are increasing. The squad ran about 1,339 calls last
year. They appreciate what the Boards does contribute each year and they try to get along
on donations, but they do have to rely on the Board for assistance from time to time for
large equipment needs.
Mr. Carter next called Gus Fagan, Executive Director of Central Virginia
Community Services.
Mr. Fagan began by publicly thanking Mr. Moore for his long term service on their
Board of Directors. In the last fiscal year, Appomattox gave CVCS $31,435 and this year
the CVCS Board is asking for a 3% increase amounting to an additional $1,267 for a total
of $33,983 for the upcoming year. They provide a variety of services. Last year
approximately 448 people from Appomattox County received services. In July of last
year they moved into the renovated Courtland Building in downtown Lynchburg. In this
building they have medical detoxification for those who need to be dried out before they
can get treatment and then moving into the 28 day treatment program. They also
initiated a new program for women.
They provide a Counseling Center and Group Home in Appomattox County and are
currently w orking with the A ppomattox Elementary School. T hey appreciate the p ast
support and look forward to working with Appomattox County again this year.
Mr. Brett Thompson, President of the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce was the
next person to address the Board.
Mr. Thompson began by stating that the Board has provided the Chamber with $13,000
in the past. When the Chamber received State Certification Standards in 1995 one of the
standards was the operation of a Visitors Center. The Visitors Center has been manned
by volunteers since 1993.
Two years ago the Chamber, the Town of Appomattox and the Board of Supervisors
formed a Joint Committee on Tourism. There was a proposal made to hire a Tourism
Director. The Chamber and the Board of Supervisors approved this plan, Town Council
did not. The Board at that time approved $50,000 toward this plan. Last May, the
Chamber took a step of faith and hired Tina LeValley, as the Executive/Tourism
Director, as a result they have had to sufficiently increase their budget. Some of the
things they have done has past year include: Six “Friday Cheers” events; set up an E-
mail network; developed a “Shop 1 * Appomattox” mailer; improved A ppomattox.com
website; added webpage for IDA and industrial park; established a Corporate