aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Upon returning to regular session, Mr. Carter read the following resolution:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under sections 2.2-3711 A. 1 and
2.2-3711 A. 7, Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing personnel matters and
legal consultation, respectively.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
2. Biosolids Ordinance: The following changes were recommended:
§95-4 Where permitted:
E. Immediately following the land application of biosolids, the property owner shall file an
instrument in the land records of Appomattox County stating the tract and/or tracts upon
which biosolids is land applied and the date of applications. A separate instrument shall
be filed and records for each tract receiving land application of biosolids.
Intent Statement:
Due to ongoing concerns with the safety of biosolids and the apparent lack of agreement
within the scientific community regarding whether biosolids may be safely land applied, it is the
intent of the Board of Supervisors to immediately impose a ban on land application of biosolids,
if the General Assembly or the Virginia Supreme Court modifies current law to grant localities
the authority to enact such a ban.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to hold a Public Hearing on March 18,
2002 to receive comments on the Revised Biosolids Ordinance as rewritten and revised. VOTE:
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile called attention to §95-3. Definitions: “Infrequent land application” means
application to the same tract at a frequency not exceeding once every three (3) years. More
frequent application is prohibited. It is his understanding that the Virginia Department of Health
issues a permit for five (5) years. Basically does this mean that their permit is for three (3) years
instead of five (5).
Also §95-13.B - A Hauling Permit must be obtained for each load of Biosolids to be land applied
within the County. A fee of $100.00 shall be charged per permit.