552
Chairman Conrad called for roll call vote on Mr. Carter’s motion: Mr. Craft, nay; Mr. Conrad,aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5- Animal Control Dog Seizure Update andstated that as of last week the ten day appeal period was up and staff had transferred the animalsthat were seized by Appomattox County Animal Control into the care of Campbell CountyHumane Society. Chairman Conrad called for comments.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she did not have a final total but we have spent approximately $21,000and we still have about fifteen days that would cost approximately another $8,000-10,000 more.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the defendant has one year to pay the county back and at that time if itis not paid back we will see what will be needed to turn over to collections.
Mr. Tanner commended the staff on the handling of this situation which he feels was done in a
very professional manner.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative lItem#6 — Appomattox Lions Club and stated thatthey are asking the Board to make several exceptions to the rules concerning the use of
Courtland Field for their August event.
Chairman Conrad stated that this is basically the same request as they made last year for their
event,
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the request by the Appomattox Lions Club granting
several exceptions to the rules for use of Courtland Field for their August event. Mr. Moore
seconded Mr, Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, ChairmanConrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6A- Town of Appomattox — Chairman Conradexplained that the Town has written a response to the Board’s request concerning the cooperationon the 460 waterline project. Chairman Conrad called for discussion,
Mr. Craft stated that it would be good to have on the Agenda for the June 15, 2009 meeting
which would give the Board time to digest the information that they had been given.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this matter until the June 15, 2009 meeting.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6B- Oakville School Demolition and
explained that three bids had been received for the demolition of the Oakville School which is asfollows: Knights Dirt Diggers, $5,245.00; H.L. Carter, $12,000.00; and TCM $19,600.00.
Chairman Conrad stated that staff is still dealing with a small amount of lead abatement anddemolition will not proceed until the lead issue is resolved, Chairman Conrad called fordiscussion.