384
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for a supplemental appropriation to
be made to the Appomattox County Rescue Squad for the TWO-FOR-LIFE pas!
through funds.
tr
Mrs. Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $5,225.00 to the Appomatttox County
Rescue Squad for TWO-FOR-LIFE pass through funds. Vote: Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Next a request from Court Services Unit for additional funding was
presented. This funding is needed to pay for Court ordered juvenile
detention. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approvs
a supplemental appropriation of $1,630.95 to Court Services Unit’s FY9
budget to pay juvenile detention. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
oo
Mrs. Ferguson requested a resolution officially declaring an emergency)
due to the March 2, 1994 storm.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the followin
resolution:
iG
LOCAL EMERGENCY RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox does
hereby find:
ds That due to the heavy rains, freezing rain and sleet thi
County of Appomattox and its citizens have sustained
considerable loss and damage to property; and
Qn That due to the rain, freezing rain and sleet a
condition of extreme peril necessitates the proclamation
of the existence of an emergency on March 2, 1994 at
12:30 P.M.;
©.
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY PROCLAIMED that an emergency now exists
throughout the County; and
TT IS FURTHER PROCLAIMED AND ORDERED that during the existence of said
emergency the powers, functions, and duties of the Director
of Emergency Services and the Local Emergency Planning
Committee of the County of Appomattox shall be those
prescribed by State Law and the ordinances, resolutions, and
approved plans of the County of Appomattox in order to
mitigate the effects of said emergency.
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested permission from the Board to write a letter
stating that the emergency situation was over. The Board, by
consensus, instructed Mrs. Ferguson to proceed with the necessary
letter.