676
transfer by consent $1,520.00 from the Sports Complex Fund to the General Fund to cover the
listed expenditure.
Courthouse Security Fund
transfer by consent $44,635.00 from the Courthouse Security Fund to the general fund for
Courthouse Security.
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the Consent Agenda as presented. Mr. Craft seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented the information items and called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad called for Supervisor Concerns, hearing no comments, Mr. Overstreet; County
Attorney stated that he may be able to conduct the information on the closed session in open
session. It was the consensus of the Board to allow Mr. Overstreet to continue with this issue in
open session.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the County is involved in some litigation mainly because the County
was named the beneficiary in a will. Mr. Overstreet stated this is the residuary clause of a will.
A gentlemen died in 1992 and left his home and real estate to a couple and the will stated that as
long as the couple remained married and lived together on the property for fifteen years, it would
be theirs, if this did not take place the executor was to sell the property and divide among the
beneficiaries one being the Public Library Fund for Appomattox. Mr. Overstreet stated that he
had filed response on behalf of the County to the law suit and a hearing was held last week and
the County has gained ten percent of the value, but some restorations had been made by the
owner and the judge will be giving credit to the owner towards those restorations. Mr. Overstreet
stated that he would keep the Board abreast of happenings. Mr. Overstreet stated that he is
waiting on more information on restorations that have been made. He stated that he is just
reporting the pending litigation and will report again after more information is received.
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. Bill Gillespie to come and speak with the Board and the
School Board members in attendance (in attendance from the School Board are Dr. Dorinda
Grasty, Superintendant; William Perrow; Bobby Waddell; Stacy Garrett; Amy Martin; Robert
Mitchell; Wes Williams) to explain the PPEA process.
Mr. Gillespie came forward and thanked the Board for allowing him to come and speak. He
stated that he wanted to speak about Public-Private Education Facilities and Infrastructure Act of
- 2002 (PPEA). He stated that he thinks this is one of the most user friendly processes for local
government that he has worked with. He stated that the PPEA gives an opportunity for the
School Board and the Board of Supervisors to work together on a construction project which
usually does not happen. He stated that the PPEA is completely transparent and that means it is
a lot more flexible to the School Board and Board of Supervisors in terms of what you get for