519
Bosiger stated that he would prefer that if this discussion was about a personal conflict
that Mr. Carwile and the County Attorney or Mr. Carwile and his Personal Attorney
would reach that decision on their own and that the Board would not be involved.
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not direct his question to the Board because it was not a
Board decision. He continued that his question was directed to the County Attorney who
gave the Board advice. Mr. Carwile said that he wanted Mr. Lawson to tell him what the
legal is on this matter.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carwile if he felt it was appropriate that this issue be addressed in
a public meeting. Mr. Bosiger asked wouldn’t it be more appropriate for Mr. Carwile and
Mr. Lawson to meet and discuss this conflict and get into the depth of the conflict.
Mr. Carwile stated that it was certainly in public when he was singled out and said, “I
think Mr. Carwile they’re speaking of you.” Mr. Carwile continued that all he was trying
to do tonight was have someone tell him what he was supposed to do as far as the round
table discussion.
Mr. Torrence commented about a conflict of interest that he had recently read about in
the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Lawson and said that he wanted to hear from Mr. Lawson as
to what he would have a conflict of interest in that was being discussed tonight.
Mr. Lawson addressed the Chairman and stated that he wanted to make one thing clear at
this time and that was as the County Attorney he had never told Mr. Carwile that he had a
conflict of interest nor would he tell him that he had a conflict of interest until he was
requested to do so. Mr. Lawson continued that tonight was the first time that he had been
requested that whether in his opinion as Commonwealth Attorney not as County Attorney
to determine whether Mr. Carwile had a conflict of interest or not. Mr. Lawson
continued that in order to make that determination he would have to have some facts.
Mr. Lawson continued that he would be glad to get the facts, that Mr. Carwile would
have to provide most of them, before he could determine if Mr. Carwile had a conflict of
interest or not. Mr. Lawson continued that the first time this issue came up was when
there were persons before the Board talking about trailers out in the Chap area. The
question came up whether Mr. Carwile had any interest in these trailers or not. Mr.
Lawson stated that he did not know if Mr. Carwile had any interest in those trailers then
nor does he know now. Mr. Lawson stated that Mr. Carwile started talking about this
matter that night and Mr. Lawson said that as County Attorney he felt obligated to stand
up and let Mr. Carwile know, because he seemed to be the focus of that meeting that
night, that if you owned some interest in those trailers out in Chap, he didn’t know, but he
was trying to keep Mr. Carwile out of trouble as part of his job as County Attorney. He
felt that he must let Mr. Carwile know that if he had a conflict of interest in the issue
being discussed the land and the trailers they were talking about, that Mr. Carwile should
not participate in that discussion and certainly not in that vote. Mr. Lawson concluded by
saying that that was what he was trying to tell Mr. Carwile that night. Mr. Lawson stated
that Mr. Carwile would have to make the decision as to whether he had a conflict or not