990
Mr. Peterson then answered questions on the program and explained that
he would keep the Board of Supervisors informed as to the program
progress.
Mr. Peterson next informed the Board members that there are quite a few
businesses that have not paid their landfill user fees. Mr. Peterson
provided some examples of overdue accounts.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson and Mr. Peterson were instructed to
gather more information to present to the Board at the meeting on
January 31, 1995.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Peterson and read the next item on
the agenda, the 1995 Virginia CDBG Regional Priorities.
After discussion, it was agreed by consensus, that each member would
review the material and notify Mrs. Ferguson of their order of priority
prior to January 16, 1995.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented information on the Southside Legislative
Consortium and asked if the Board of Supervisors wished to participate.
After review, the Board by consensus, directed Mrs. Ferguson to find
out the anticipated funding amount for FY95 and report to the Board at
the January 31, 1995 meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson presented for adoption an Occupational Safety and Health
Policy Statement for Appomattox County.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following policy:
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH POLICY STATEMENT
The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 requires employers to
provide a safe place to work, a place free from hazards that might
cause injury, disability and even death.
It is the policy of Appomattox County that every employee be entitled
to work under the safest conditions possible. To this end, every
reasonable effort will be made to promote accident prevention for
protection and health preservation.
It is our belief that accidents which injure people, damage equipment
or property, or destroy materials cause needless personal suffering,
inconvenience and expense. We believe that practically all accidents
can be prevented by taking common sense precautions.
Appomattox County, through its appointed managers, will endeavor to
maintain a safe and healthful work place. The County will provide safe