ALSO PRESENT: — Andy Carroll - Acting County Administrator
At 6:10 Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and stated the purpose of the meeting was to hold
interviews for the position of County Administrator for Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 -
personnel matters.
At 6:10 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed session to
discuss personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:20 P.M. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law
were discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii)
only such matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore called for action from the closed session.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to offer the County Administrator’s
position to Mr. Andy Carroll contingent upon a satisfactory agreement. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 9:24 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman