620
Chairman Conrad next called for public comment; hearing no public comment, Chairman
Conrad called on Ms. Rockefeller, Landfill Supervisor to appear before the Board to present
information related to business use of the convenience centers.
Ms. Rockefeller explained that the Board had previously asked her for recommendations on
accepting waste from small businesses at the convenience centers. Ms. Rockefeller first
explained that there was no definition for a small business. She explained that she had done some
research and with the help of the County Administrator went and looked back at the fee schedule
for the County Ordinance in 1992, which is when this ordinance was adopted. What business and
industry brought to the landfill was classified as small user, when less than two cubic yards per
week, and a medium was under twelve cubic yards per week, and then they had a large and extra
large user also. Ms. Rockefeller explained that she used this information to try to define a small
user. Ms. Rockefeller stated that after doing this she is recommending that a small user would be
allowed one standard size, eight foot pick-up truck, minimum per week on solid waste and
unlimited visits on recycles, they should be required to separate and she would like them to be
required to use the convenience center which is closest to their business due to the fact that the
only way to keep track of what is being brought in is to make a daily record and to fax it to the
landfill. Ms. Rockefeller stated that she recommends allowing only licensed businesses dispose
of their waste a the convenience centers and they will be required to show their license or some
form of identification to prove they are a business and also require them to sign in for monitoring
purposes.
Chairman Conrad and Mr. Tanner stated that a lot of work had been put into this and they feel
this will work and satisfy the small businesses.
Mr. Craft stated that he really had not had any complaints on this.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that most of her convenience site attendants are hearing compliments
coming from citizens on the sites.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels things are going a lot better, however he did receive another
complaint on the convenience center at Route 648 being full and not able to accept trash.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she had expected more trash due to the holiday. She continued that
the site was not closed at any time that she is aware of. The compactor was full but they were
able to place their trash in the bulk box and to her knowledge no one was turned away from the
site.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she took trash to that site at about 6:30 p.m. and the boxes were full,
however, she was told to put her trash in the bulk box.
Mr. Carter stated that it was about that time when he was in the grocery store and received the
complaint that they were turned away due to no more room.