329
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore’
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley that funds b
appropriated from unappropriated surplus to give the followin
employees the 3% increase effective December 1, 1993: otti
Conner-Huddleston, Ann Lawson, David Phillips, Rebecca McCormock arm
Aileen Ferguson. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr}
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
orm ()m<© mat)
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile for Mrs. Belter
Treasurer, to go ahead and advertise for the position that will bh
vacant in her office: Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
=o
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate fund
for a 5% increase for the Animal Warden effective January 1, 1994 whe!
his six (6) months probation is over. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ce oe)
Being no further business and with consensus of the other Board
members, Mr. Jamerson adjourned the meeting until December 16, 1993 al
6:00 P.M. in the School Board conference room. —.
Chaiftian,
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held in the Board’s meeting room, Courthouse Square, Appomattox
Virginia, Thursday, December 16, 1993 at 7:00 P.M.
tce
Present:
Mr. William E. Jamerson - Courthouse District
Ms. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Mr. Philip "Gus" Paulette - Supervisor Elect, Courthouse District
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order.