271
citizens to decide by putting this as a referendum on the ballot.
There was some discussion concerning taking a vote on this issue.
Mr. Moore allowed everyone that was in favor to raise their hands.
Mr. Moore then allowed all that were not in favor to raise their hands.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Jesse M. Rosser to appear before the Board.
Mr. Rosser came forward and gave his address as Route 6 box 1415, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Rosser stated that he realized that he was in the minority at this meeting because he was opposed to
the use of rifles in Appomattox County. Mr. Rosser stated that he would like to point out two things.
He asked the Board to pay close attention to the safety issue and investigate the statistics that Mrs.
Jamerson had presented and explore the statements that Mr. Selz had made. Mr. Rosser, in closing
stated that he trusted the Board would do the right thing for the County.
Mr. Moore then asked if anyone else wished to comment?
Mr. Bill Hunter came forward and gave his address as Route 1, Appomattox. Mr. Hunter stated in
opening that he was not against the hunter but was here to speak on behalf of safety. Mr. Hunter
continued that we have had some tragic accidents in Appomattox County in the last few years and
he was very concerned. Mr. Hunter continued that he felt that hunters must identify there targets
prior to shooting. Mr. Hunter stated that he grants permission for hunters to hunt on his property but
he does not allow rifles. Mr. Hunter then quoted Dr. Lyle Babcock, whom he referred to as the
greatest sportsmen in the County, as saying in one of several books that he wrote, “I don’t want to
shoot an elephant”. Mr. Hunter stated in closing that he was opposed to the use of rifles in
Appomattox County because he was concerned with safety.
Mr. Moore then called for other comments.
Mr. Dennis Torrence came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Torrence stated that he had personal reasons for being opposed to hunting with rifles and that one
of these reasons concerned a near accident that occurred with his grand child. Mr. Torrence
encouraged the Board to make Appomattox a safer place to live by not allowing the use of rifles for
hunting. Mr. Torrence explained several things that were taught in hunter safety courses. Mr.
Torrence then stated that it was chilling to him to think that his loved ones could be in the scope of
arifle. In closing Mr. Torrence told the Board to vote what they believed to be the right thing for
the citizens of Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore then asked if anyone else wished to comment?