213
or farm animals or farm equipment and we certainly don’t shoot men, women or children goingabout their daily routine. Mr. Dolan stated that Appomattox County is far more mountainous andfar less populated than a lot of counties in Virginia that allow hunting with high powered rifles. Mr.Dolan stated that only 28 counties in Virginia have ordinances that restrict high powered rifles. Mr.Dolan continued that approximately one month ago he presented a petition to the Board withapproximately 900 signatures of Appomattox County citizens who are housewives, salesmen, truckdrivers, deputy sheriff’s and state police officers and many, many, many, farmers and landowners.Mr. Dolan did not feel that all of these 900 people could be wrong considering that they had theirfamilies, friends and co-workers only a few miles away that have been hunting for years, legally,ethically, and safely with high powered rifles. Mr. Dolan, in closing, asked the Board to look beyondthe smoke screen of deception and misinformed opinions of a few and allow the use of rifles forhunting in Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mrs. Sara Meissner came forward and gave her address as Route 4, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs,Meissner gave several examples of how hunters have abused her and her family. Mrs. Meissnercontinued that she had no problem with hunters who hunted legally but everyone knows that manyhunters shoot from the road, and shoot at night. Mrs. Meissner stated that she felt our efforts shouldbe targeted against those that violate the laws and that she was strongly opposed to the use of highpowered rifles as a mother, wife, school bus driver, and as a taxpayer.
Mr. Moore then explained that Mrs. Ferguson had several letters that were requested to be read intothe record.
Mrs. Ferguson read:
March 30, 2000
Re: High powered-long range rifles
Dear Jerry,
Thave tried to call you many times but your phone is continuously busy. Iam opposed to legalizingthis rifle for hunting deer, etc. in the County of Appomattox.
Iam concerned about the safety of children. Approximately 400 acres of wooded land surround myhome and the homes of my five (5) grandchildren. They enjoy the freedom of playing in their yard,climbing trees, playing in the creek, fishing, playing in their tree houses, hiking, and four wheeling.The high powered long range rifle is dangerous to children who enjoy the outdoors as mygrandchildren do.