299
are about to enter into that time with an already below average rainfall. Mr. Roark stated that it
is forecast to improve for a short amount of time and then when we enter into the fall and early months of
winter the conditions may get worse and we could be entering into a more moderate or severe drought
condition.
Mr. Roark stated that after watching wells that are monitored and normally recharge in November and
they did not start recharging until late January but as it reached the mid point in May it had already started
to decrease.
Mr, Roark stated that it was reported that East of I-95 ground water and surface levels were within normal
range and West of I-95 was below normal range. All monitoring wells and stream flow gages in our area
which are Bent Creek, Buckingham State Forest and Farmville are showing at below normal levels.
Mr. Roark reported that large reservoirs such as Smith Mountain Lake and Kerr Reservoir and Lake Anna
are at full or above full which is good for long term.
Mr. Roark stated that public water facilities were discussed and there are 28 systems in the State right
now that are on volunteer restrictions which includes the Town of Appomattox. Three water systems in
the State are on mandatory restrictions.
Mr. Roark stated that the spring wild fire season is also an indicator of the dryness and since January 1*
there have been 995 wild fires with over 25,000 acres burned.
Mr. Roark explained that this all relates to one of the major projects that the County is working on and
that is the water supply planning project which was one of the local and statewide responses to the 2000
drought where the General Assembly passed legislation that required every locality to have a water
supply plan that looked out 35- 50 years for alternative water sources.
Mr. Roark called for any questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Roark also gave the Board a packet of proposed amendments changes to the County code that he
would like each of them to review and at the next meeting discuss in depth.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4- Assessment of Real Estate Devoted to Agricultural,
Horticultural, and Forest Uses Ordinance and called for discussion.
Mr. Overstreet read a declaration for Mr. Tanner and Mr. Moore to acknowledge that they have a
personal interest in the transaction of adopting Land Use taxation in Appomattox County by
virtue of ownership of real estate in the County which may be eligible for Land Use. Therefore
they are a member of a group that may be affected by this transaction.
Mr. Tanner and Mr. Moore declared that notwithstanding the above, they are able to participate
in the transaction fairly, objectively, and in the public interest. This declaration is pursuant to the
Virginia Code Section 2.2-3112.A.2 and 2.2-3115G.
Mr. Overstreet also made note that the ordinance that was circulated had one small change in it
on the roll back taxes. The ordinance circulated does not provide an interest rate for the roll