294
$59.51 to Law Library
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a line item transfer request from the County
Administrator for Soil Control Plan Review.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to transfer $2,850.00 from
1101-5804 to 8203-5604. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented convention and education requests.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pay expenses for Mr.
Carroll to attend the Virginia Industrial Development Authorities Institute; and
Mr. Caldwell to attend the VBOCA Annual Seminar. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Historic Appomattox Railroad
Festival for a fireworks permit.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a fireworks
permit for October 11, 1997 for the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from the Planning Commission that the
Board of Supervisors adopt an ordinance making contractors responsible for
seeing that the proper zoning setbacks are in place prior to starting construction.
After discussion, this matter was referred to the County Administrator and the
County Attorney for research.
Mr. Paulette advised the other members of the Board that Central Virginia Area
Agency on Aging needed an appointment from Appomattox County to their
Advisory Council. Mr. Paulette asked the Board members to try to have some
suggestions by the September 15, 1997 recessed meeting.
Mr. Paulette next presented supplemental appropriation requests from the
Sheriff's Department and Courthouse Maintenance.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
approve the following supplemental appropriations:
$40.00 to 3301-5407
$25.06 to Courthouse Maintenance to 4302-7010