275
Ms. Ferguson asked that all in favor of Mr. Carter being elected as Chairman of the Board of
Supervisors for 2006, to signify by saying aye. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Ms. Ferguson then turned the meeting over to Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter thanked everyone for their vote of confidence and stated that last year had been a very
demanding year but that everyone had worked very well together.
Mr. Carter then called for nominations for Vice Chairman for 2006.
Mr. Moore nominated William Craft to serve as Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors,
seconded by Mr. Armbrust. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; and
Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next stated that the Board needed to adopt Rules and Procedures for 2006. For the
past year, we have used Robert’s Rules of Order, Newly Revised for Small Boards that allows the
Chairman to make and second motions. He then called for discussion.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to continue with the Policies and Procedures
that were established in 2005 and also to adopt the use of Robert’s Rules of Order, Newly
Revised for Small Boards. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
The Board by consensus appointed Ms. Ferguson as Clerk to the Board of Supervisors for 2006.
Ms. Ferguson commented that Vickie Phelps, Administrative Assistant in her office, is currently
taking the Municipal Clerk’s training and at some time in the future will be attending the Board
Meetings and taking over the role of doing the minutes, etc. This will allow Ms. Ferguson to take
a more active roll in discussions, etc.
Mr. Carter next called for instructions to the Administrator. Mr. Craft stated that Ms. Ferguson
has to spend a lot of time away from the office attending meetings, etc. Hopefully, in the future,
some of these meetings could be handled by someone else, allowing for more time in the office.
Mr. Carter next stated the Board needed to establish the dates, times and place of the meetings for
the next year.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the schedule for meetings to be held
on the first and third Mondays of each month at 6:30 p.m. in Council Chambers of the
Appomattox Town Office. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
The next item of business was Setting of Agenda:
Add: 2A - Extend Planning Commission Terms.
2B — Add Meeting Room