336
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Mike Robertson came forward and stated he lived on High Street directly behind the
Conner property. Mr. Robertson stated he was not in favor of rezoning but he was not in
favor of not rezoning either. Mr. Robertson continued that if the Conner’s do what they
say they’re going to do, he has no problem with their proposal. Mr. Robertson continued
that he does not have a problem with over commercializing the Town. Mr. Robertson
stated if Council would restrict the property to a car dealership, he would have no
problem with the change.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, he stated the Clerk had several letters to read into the record.
Mr. Caldwell read the following letters:
December 15, 1997
Route 5 Box 326
Appomattox, VA 24522
TO: APPOMATTOX COUNTY PLANNING COMMISSION
Dear Planning Commission Members:
This letter is in reference to Steve Conner’s request of his property on Court Street.
I would like to go on record as not opposing this request. Since my brother and I own the
property where my parents live, which is next door to Steve’s office, we have discussed
the request in depth with Steve. He has assured us that if granted this request, he will do
nothing to detract from the value or put anything here that will detract from the residents
and their homes in this neighborhood. Steve has always been honest with us and with my
parents about his intentions for this request. Since he has always in the past had a well
kept and attractive business, I feel that I must take Steve at his word that he will continue
to do so and that he will put nothing on this property that will detract from the
neighborhood. Because he has always been such a “good neighbor” to my parents, I feel
that I must take Steve at his word, and trust him to do nothing that will affect my parents
home.
Therefore, I am not opposing this request at this time, and will continue my position on
this request unless at some time in the future, what Steve has promised me and my
family he will do with his property proves to be false.
Thank you for the opportunity to express my opinion.
Sincerely,