405
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Tommy Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mr. Carter to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carter explained that the minutes of April 6, 1998 regular meeting incorrectly gave
his District as Appomattox River.
Mr. Bosiger called for other corrections.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approved the minutes of a joint
work session and recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and
the Appomattox Town Council held on February 28, 1998; public hearings of March 30,
1998, April 9, 1998 and April 20, 1998; regular meetings of April 6, 1998, and April 20,
1998; and recessed meetings of March 30, 1998, April 7, 1998, and April 9, 1998. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer, to appear
before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by stating that she had not yet received information requested at a
previous meeting concerning speed limit reduction on State Route 26 but that she was
continuing to work on this.
Ms. Lindsay continued that meetings were being scheduled for June 1998 to accept
comments on the U. S. 29 Corridor Study.
Ms. Lindsay then asked if any of the Supervisors had concerns for her.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Lindsay if there was any corrective action that could be taken at the
entrance to the shopping center, to better serve tractor-trailer traffic entering the shopping
center. Mr. Carter continued when tractor-trailers were entering the shopping center from
the eastbound lane, they were blocking traffic exiting the shopping center and creating a
traffic hazard.
Ms. Lindsay explained that she knew of nothing to correct this problem, but would
research the matter further.
Being no further for Ms. Lindsay, she was thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger next recognized Mrs. Robyn Allen, Director, Piedmont Alcohol Safety
Action Program.