J
015
W. Curry as Virginia Association of Counties Second Vice President to
all counties in the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read a request from Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging
for a waiver of landfill fees.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
waive landfill fees for Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging jobs for
Thelma Daniels and Alberta Culpepper. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from the Sons of Confederate
Veterans Garland-Rodes Camp #409 for approval for an Adopt-A-Spot
program.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
Adopt-A-Spot application for the Sons of Confederate Veterans,
Garland-Rodes Camp #409 to adopt Lee’s Rearguard at Vera. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; ard
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Central Virginia Planning
District Commission for three nominees for possible appointment to the
Central Virginia Housing Consortium Board of Directors.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to ask J.
B. Drinkard, Lawrence Tanner and Frank Carwile if they would agree to
serve on the Housing Consortium Board of Directors if chosen. Mr.
Paulette explained that only one person would be chosen from the three
(3) nominees.
Mr. Paulette presented additional appropriation request from Pamplin
Volunteer Fire Department, Virginia Cooperative Extension and the
Landfill.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department was
requesting funding to lease a tanker for approximately six (6) months.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board asked Mrs. Ferguson to
have Mr. Baldwin provide information as to the cost of leasing the
truck for this period of time.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that Mrs. McClenny was requesting the
carpet in her office be replaced and the walls be painted.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was directed to evaluate the need in
the Extension Office.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the landfill for an additional
appropriation to pay for dry weather sampling.