245
Mr. Phelps stated he is appearing before the Board to discuss the condition of the
Museum. (The Old Jail Building). There have been some comments about the Museum
being closed and they wish to get things repaired and re-open the Museum to the public.
The officers of the Historical Society are: Mr. Wayne Phelps, President; Mr. W atkins
Abbitt, Vice-President; with Ms. Ann Dixon & Ms. Betty Drinkard, Secretaries. The
attorneys for the Society are Mr. Robert Carter and Mr. Evans Thomas. The Board of
Directors consists of: Mr. Bill Spriggs; Ms. Ann Giles; Ms. Judy Conner; Ms. Anne
Dixon; and Mr. Clyde Nash.
The Historical Society was formed in December of 1975. The museum opened in 1981.
Mr. Phelps stated they wanted to make some changes in the museum this year, creating a
Confederate Room — containing artifacts and uniforms of that era. Also they want to
establish a Native American Room. He has a large selection of Indian artifacts he would
like to be placed in the museum.
Mr. Phelps presented the Board with facts and figures regarding some of the surrounding
cities and counties: Lynchburg City is renovating it’s facility at a cost of $1.7 million and
has a paid staff. Ambherst County has a paid curator with a salary of $35,000 with
benefits; South Boston receives $2,500 from both the City and the County; Bedford
County receives $25,000 from each the City and the County; Buckingham County
operates with donations and the Town of Scottsville and Campbell County operates
basically the same way, with donations.
Mr. Phelps is asking the Board of Supervisors to award $12,000 a year to the Historical
Society and pay for the remodeling of the Old Jail Building. The Clover Hill Village as
well as the Museum annually would use this $12,000.
Mr. Carwile asked if he was asking for $12,000 and remodeling costs?
Mr. Phelps stated they would like both, but if given the $12,000 they would try to do the
work. They would also make annual reports as to where they spent County money.
Mr. Carwile stated that it was embarrassing that Appomattox is not rallying to the cause.
He also stated that he felt the Board should take some action on this subject but felt they
should wait until all five members are present.
Mr. Carter stated that since the Board was now in the budget process that it would be
appropriate to consider the request as a part of the budget.
After further questions and answers, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Phelps for his comments.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the Administrative Items:
1. Resolution Approving the Comprehensive Plan: A public hearing was held
with the Planning Commission, the Appomattox Town Council and the Pamplin
Town Council on March 17, 2003. No comments were received for or against