166
Shannon Dews
Bryan Baines
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)
Kevin H. O’Brien
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
“This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning
petitions and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before
the Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note
that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the
petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting
immediately following the Public Hearing in the Old J &D Courtroom. We will begin a
hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from
individuals to speak for and /or against the petition. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.”
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Spencer.
Mr. Spencer stated there was only one petition to be heard.
Petition #05-555 — Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County:
The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use Permit to allow the operation of a ready
mix concrete plant on Route 1029 between Route 26 and Route 460 in the Appomattox
Center for Business and Commerce. The subject property, identified as Lot 7 (12.7
acres) in the ACBC Master Plan, is a portion of Tax Map Number 63(A)80 totaling 568.90
acres in size. The property is zoned Planned Industrial Park District (M-IP). If the
permit is granted it would amend the zoning ordinance and the use would become a
conditional use in that zoning district (Sect. 170-25 Appomattox County Code).
Mr. Spencer called for comments in favor of this petition.
Mr. Bill Slagle, of Route 2, Box 400, Spout Spring, Va. came forward and stated he is the
Chairman of the Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County. Mr. Slagle
acknowledged Mr. Buddy Conner of the IDA and Mr. Bobby O’Brien, President of
Lynchburg Ready Mix as being present. Since this petition has been presented to the
Board of Supervisors on two previous occasions, Mr. Slagle stated that if it pleases both
bodies, he would dispense with all the details of this application. Mr. Slagle stated the
IDA has met with Mr. O’Brien and have worked out the details for his location and have
come to an agreement on the conditions that the proper screening be provided and they
highly encourage that this application be approved.
Mr. Spencer called for additional comments.