108
for the entire County. Mr. Sharp urged the Board to give this request
careful consideration.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Abell Coggins came forward and said he was the second person to
build in Cedar Knolls. He felt that this type business locating in a
residential area tended to make people feel intimidated. He continued
that deed restrictions were in place for all the lots in Cedar Knolls.
Mr. Coggins said he was opposed to this request.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Jesse Dillion spoke next. Mr. Dillion said he had spoken to Mr.
Griffin prior to the hearing concerning his request. Mr. Dillion said
he was opposed to this request because of deed restrictions. He
continued that he wanted to feel safe and have a safe place for his
grandchildren to play. Mr. Dillion closed by saying guns concerned him
but the business concerned him more. Mr. Dillion urges the Board to
say "No" in order to continue the integrity of their community.
Mr. Cecil Deaner came forward and stated he lives in Cedar Knolls. Mr,
Deaner said he has grown up around guns and is not afraid of guns. Mr,
Deaner noted that Mr. Griffin has been operating this business for six
(6) years with no complaints. Mr. Deaner closed that he had no problem
with Mr. Griffin continuing his business.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. William Briggs stated his address as Cedar Knolls. Mr. Briggs
stated he operates a telephone business from his home. Mr. Briggs sai
he did not like guns but did not feel his feelings should effect his
neighbors.
bony
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment.
Mr. Howard Webb spoke again. Mr. Webb stated Mr. Griffin promotes gun
safety. Mr. Webb said he has a safe he purchased from Mr. Griffin to
keep his guns in, so they could not be easily stolen.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Linda Kitchell came forward and gave her address as Cedar Knolls.
Mrs. Kitchell noted her concerns: 1) Mr. Griffin lived at the end of
the street, therefore, anyone doing business with him must exit by her
residence while in possession of their purchased gun; 2) several
children live on this street, ride their bikes, and some of the ladies
like to walk; 3) gunshooting goes on day and night and this scares
her. Mrs. Kitchell closed by saying she was opposed to this petition
because she wanted to keep her neighborhood safe.
Mr. Paulette called for further comments.