551
this is not the time to fund this position. Mr. Craft stated that we have got to build the County’s
reserve funds.
Chairman Conrad asked Ms. Ferguson that if 9104 under capital projects is money set aside for
school projects. Ms. Ferguson stated no; Ms. Ferguson also stated that the Board could use some
of that money for that purpose however; Davenport does not recommend doing this.
Mr. Tanner reiterated that the $84,000 is not close to a penny in the tax rate.
Chairman Conrad stated that after hearing the comments tonight, and having discussion with
Board members individually time and time again, and also discussing this with Ms. Ferguson his
concern is that the person we hire must be an individual that is qualified and will get the job
done. Chairman Conrad stated that he is aware that this does not come cheap. Chairman Conrad
stated that he still has a question about what is in the minutes of the action taken at the April 21,
2009. Chairman Conrad stated that even if we vote on making this change tonight we can change
this decision after we find out if we have already agreed or not agreed on this at the next
meeting. Chairman Conrad stated that he would like the minutes prepared and ready by the June
15" meeting so we can determine what was done or not done and be able to make a fair
assessment of the action taken.
Mr. Carter stated that he could tell the Board verbatim what was said because he was the one
who made the motion at the April 21, 2009 meeting. Mr. Carter stated that he had stated that the
Board should remove the funds that were budgeted for meetings, travel, and things of that nature.
At that meeting it was said that there were certain members of the Board that are on several
committees and it would be only fair for them to be reimbursed for their travel. Mr. Carter stated
that he said he did not have a problem with this as long as the economic development
coordinator position is within the realm of this budget. Mr. Tanner stated that he had an excerpt
of the April 21" meeting and he began at the end and stated that Mr. Carter stated lets do a vote
and Ms. Ferguson stated someone needed to make a motion. Mr. Carter then made a motion to
advertise the tax rate at ten cent, Mr. Conrad stated that a motion had been made and then called
for a second, Mr. Tanner made the second, Mr. Conrad called for discussion and then called for a
roll call vote; the vote went as follows Mr. Craft, nay, not at ten cents, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye; Mr. Conrad, nay. Chairman Conrad asked the date of that excerpt
and Mr. Tanner stated that it was April 21, 2009.
Mr. Tanner continued reading the excerpt from the April 21, 2009 meeting discussing the
economic development coordinator position. Chairman Conrad stated that maybe this was not
the meeting that he was thinking about and then there was discussion on what meetings the
Board had discussed the economic development coordinator position.
Mr. Tanner stated that he believed the intent of the position is in the minutes and $84,000 is just
being moved around in the budget and the Board would be deciding the salary of this position.
Mr. Tanner stated that the salary does not have to be absorbent, but we really need this position.
Mr. Carter stated that we at this time do not need all the amenities; we just need to get someone
in this position that is going to market the County of Appomattox.