301
Mr. Jamerson asked to defer this matter until later in the meeting when
the Board discussed parking at the Courthouse. All agreed.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Lawson if he could give information on the cabl
T.V. franchise that serves the Pamplin area.
ce
Mr. Lawson began by stating that M.A.T.E.S. had brought him a_ check
today for Pamplin’s part of the profits. Mr. Lawson is continuing t
work with this company to obtain the County’s portion of the profit, a
required in our franchise agreement.
i-O-*QrBeing nothing further for Mr. Lawson, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excuse¢
Mr. Lawson and recognized Supervisor Carwile, who requested a place or
the agenda.
=
Mr. Carwile began by stating that he wanted to bring the Board up t
date on the status of the Community Center Board of Directors, of whict
he is a member. Mr. Carwile continued that the Community Center Boar
understands their position as an Advisory Board to the Board of
Supervisors. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like for the Board t
know what the Community Center Board is doing and what their on goin
plans are. Mr. Carwile said that the Community Center Board of
Directors, after understanding that they are an Advisory Board, hav
put in place that January 1, 1994 they would go to a quarterly
meeting. Mr. Carwile, added that the Community Center Board o
Directors wanted to do more than what they are presently doing. Mr
Carwile suggested that possibly the Community Center Board could hol
fund raising events at the Community Center to raise funds to improv
the Center and possibly purchase chairs, tables, etc. Mr. Carwil
asked the Board if they raised funds could they he allowed to hav
these funds in a separate account without going through the Treasurer
They would like to create an account and be able to spend the funds in
healthy things.
SO:Phy h(t QO@—P—0—Oz¥
Mr. Jamerson stated that he was aware of how much the Community Center
was being used and that he had a lot of confidence in the Communit
Center Board. He questioned what the Board of Supervisors could allo
and be within legal limits. Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Lawson, Count
Attorney, for his opinion.
Mr. Lawson thought that since the Community Center Board of Director:
is appointed by the County Board of Supervisors the County would ke
accountable for any funds that were raised. Mr. Lawson felt that al
money would have to be deposited with the Treasurer and appropriated by
the Board. Mr. Lawson advised that these funds would need to kg
audited like any other county funds.
<tr
Mr. Moore asked if this money could go to the Treasurer to be deposited
in a special account.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasle'
to allow the Community Center Board of Directors to have fund raiser!
and the funds be deposited in a special account, with the Treasurer, t
be spent at the Community Center Board’s discretion.
me1e)