417
22. Chamber of Commerce: Certificate of Appreciation to the Board for its
contribution to the re-enactment.
Mr. Carter next asked if there were any Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carter addressed the meeting with the Appomattox County National Historical Park
to be held on December 3". T here appears to be a coming together o f all concerned
citizens and things are improving for tourism. Also, there was a meeting of the Water
Committee on November 13, and as the Board’s representative he would like to give a
little update. Things are moving forward for setting goals for the line, measuring where
we are and where we want to go.
Mr. Kendrick stated he would like to see the Public Service Authority placed on the
agenda for the next meeting with joint participation. He would like to see a
recommendation from the Committee.
Mr. Carter stated the need for a closed session in accordance with §2.2-3711 A.1 of the
Code of Virginia, Personnel issue and §2.2-3711 A.5 of the Code of Virginia — Business
and Industry Development.
At 7:27 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed
session for the purpose of discussion of a personnel matter- employee performance-
under §2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia, and the discussion of a prospective
business under §2.2-3711 A.5 of the Code of Virginia where no previous announcement
has been made. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Tom Conrad was invited to attend the closed session as a Supervisor-Elect.
At 8:32 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711 A.1 — of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing a personnel performance issue and §2.2-
3711 A.5 — of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing a prospective business.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)