351
WHEREAS, there is a compelling need for EMS to serve the region in and
around Pamplin and,
WHEREAS, by enabling the formation of an EMS agency, now a First
Responder capability can be established and be operational immediately and,
WHEREAS, this resolution and consequent action is in accordance with the
Community Facilities and Services Objective C, Strategy 4) Task g) of the Appomattox
Community Development Plan adopted by Appomattox County on April 7, 2003 and the
Town of Pamplin on May 1, 2003,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors does hereby resolve that an Emergency Medical Service should be
created as an agency under the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent).
Mr. Carter moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (items 1-5)
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
submitted its recommendations from the Public Hearing of August 18, 2003.
Petition 03-525 — 460 Mini Storage Inc. is a conditional use permit and requires no
special motion.
Petition 03-523 — Courtland Realty/S.L.Ferguson III requires two separate
motions to accept the recommendation as submitted for rezoning and conditions.
Mr. Kevin O’Brien passed out information and made a presentation for the petitioner (03-
523) concerning the development of this project. All the homes in this development will
be owned by the residents on property leased from the landowners. These homes will all
be double-wide mobile home units. There will be no single wide units allowed. There
will be two (2) entrance/exits from the property on Route 26 and will be approved by
VDOT. The property contains approximately 90 acres and will contain around 250 to 300
units when fully developed. The original plan was to hook-up to the Town water/sewer
system. Discussions with the Town have deteriorated and this will probably not happen
at this time. The developer is now requesting to replace wording in the Planning
Commission’s recommendation, item 3 — “shall be served by public water and sewer” to
“may be served by public water and sewer”. Private wells and private septic systems
would be used until such time public water and sewer becomes available. There was also
some thinking that the Town would adjust the boundaries so as to incorporate this sub-
division into the town limits. The owners have not opposed this, but there are not
necessarily in favor of it either.
The County would derive more revenue if it were left as it is. The water and sewer lines
would be paid for by the homeowners thereby being no cost to the County or the Town.
The streets will also be maintained by the owners, and will be approved by VDOT.
351