399
It was the consensus of the Board to send a letter of support to have this office remain
in Appomattox County for the benefit of our farmers.
Before this letter is written, Mr. Conrad will talk to the County Executive about this
program.
3. CDBG PRE-Contract Documents: The Virginia CDBG Program requires that a
locality adopt four documents — Local Business & Employment Plan, Anti-
displacement Plan, Non-Discrimination Policy, and Fair Housing Agreement —
before a construction grant contract can be signed with that locality. All localities
that submitted a CDBG grant application in March must adopt these documents
by June 30, 2006. Grant decisions and award notification are expected in June.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following documents as
required by the Virginia CDBG Program:
RESIDENTIAL ANTI-DISPLACEMENT AND RELOCATION ASSISTANCE
PLAN
CERTIFICATION
The County of Appomattox will replace all occupied and vacant occupiable
low/moderate-income dwelling units or converted to a use other than as low/moderate-
income dwelling unit as a direct result of activities assisted with funds provided under the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended. All replacement
housing will be provided within three (3) years of the commencement of the demolition
or rehabilitating relating to conversion.
Before obligating or expending funds that will directly result in such demolition or
conversion, the County of Appomattox will make public and advise the state that it is
undertaking such an activity and will submit to the state, in writing, information that
identifies:
1. A description of the proposed assisted activity;
2. The general location on a map and approximate number of dwelling units by
size (number of bedrooms) that will be demolished or converted to a use other
than as low/moderate-income dwelling units as a direct result of the assisted
activity.
3. A time schedule for the commencement and completion of the demolition or
conversion;
4. The general location on a map and approximate number of dwelling units by
size (number of bedrooms) that will be provided as replacement dwelling
units;
5. The source of funding and a time schedule for the provision of replacement
dwelling units;
6. The basis for concluding that each replacement dwelling unit will remain a
low/moderate-income dwelling unit for at least 10 years from the date of
initial occupancy; and