682
Mr. Craft questioned if we could partner with Prince Edward County instead of Amherst, Mr.
Casale explained that Prince Edward does not have pretrial services, you would only get local
probation and then you would be in a position of having your local probation in Prince Edward
and then you would have to establish your own pretrial services with Amherst County. Mr.
Casale explained that the Board should consider all options before making a decision.
Mr. Craft asked if we have to establish these pretrial services. Mr. Casale stated yes, but not
until funding has been provided. Mr. Casale stated that he suggested that the Board start
working on a plan, but then again the County will not have to do anything until funds are
provided.
Chairman Conrad called for other questions from the Board, hearing none, he thanked Mr.
Casale and he then called on Mr. Jimmy Sanderson with Davenport & Company and Dan Siegel
from Sands Anderson Marks and Miller to come forward and discuss the Capital Funding Needs
and Profile that they have prepared for the County.
Mr. Sanderson stated that he did have two new items for discussion tonight that had not been
discussed previously.
Mr. Sanderson provided the Board with a handout (Board File) and then explained the goals and
objectives would be to pursue the opportunity to refinance the County’s outstanding debt. He
stated that annual debt service savings is currently at favorable interest rate levels.
Mr. Sanderson suggested that the County pursue getting a bond rating which Appomattox
County currently does not have which is something that will be very beneficial to the County
when discussing capital projects and also when refinancing.
Mr. Sanderson stated that they would be going through the County’s future school needs and the
potential impact to the County and provides insight as to the County’s financial status when
compared to other Virginia localities, which were done previously, but this time it has been done
a little differently.
Mr. Sanderson next discussed the potential refunding opportunities.
Mr. Sanderson stated that Davenport continually monitors the County’s debt portfolio for
refunding opportunities. They strategically structured the 2009 financing to allow the County to
ptepay the debt anytime without penalty and based on existing interest rates, the County has the
opportunity to refund the 2009 bonds at a lower interest rate with no extension of maturities and
exchanging a higher interest rate for a lower interest rate. Mr. Sanderson stated that the County’s
total debt outstanding with refunding potential! is at $14,553,500.