224
explained that this was a similar application to the one just presented except that the tower height
would be 190-feet. Ms. Figgatt continued that the property was owned by Scott King and located
on Route 460 west. Ms. Figgatt presented pictures and drawings on this site. Ms. Figgatt stated
that they had received one concern from a property owner about fencing this site and that they
had agreed to install a higher fence than normal to address this concern.
Mr. Moore called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Franklin Vaughan came forward and stated that he was there on behalf of Spout Spring
Ruritan Club and that he had a question concerning their closed circuit TV. Mr. Vaughan asked
if the tower would interfere with the Ruritan Club’s closed circuit TV which was used for bingo?
Ms. Figgatt explained that this issue had arisen before and that their towers did not interfere with
closed circuit TV operation.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 00-413 of Birch E. Johnson for a variance to paragraph 170-
80A of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance pertaining to yard setback. Property is part of
Tax Map Parcel No. 77-A-20 zoned A-1 and is located on Route 695 between Route 460 and
Route 635.
Mr. Moore called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Joe Giles came forward and gave his address as Dillwyn. Mr. Giles explained that he
worked for the mobile home company that was setting this unit up. Mr. Giles stated that he
would like to add that when they made the application they contacted the adjoining property
owners and that no one objected to this request. Mr. Giles continued that they had attempted to
move the location of the drain field but there was no site available. Mr. Giles also explained that
they had attempted to purchase a strip of property from Westvaco but they were not interested in
selling. Mr. Giles in closing explained that they feel that they have exhausted every avenue to
resolve this issue and asked that the Board approve the variance.
Mr. Moore called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none and being no further petitions Mr. Moore declared the public hearing closed at 7:20
P.M.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman