404
This resolution shall take effect immediately.
* OKOK
The undersigned Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia hereby certifies that the foregoing constitutes a true and correct
extract from the minutes of a meeting of the Board of Supervisors held on November 17,
2003 and of the whole thereof so far as applicable to the matters referred to in such
extract. I hereby further certify that such meeting was duly held and complied with all
requirements of law.
Series 2003 B Local Issuer: County of Appomattox
CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
[This Continuing Disclosure Agreement will impose obligations on the
Local Issuer if and only if the Local Issuer is or has become and
Remains a “Material Obligated Person”, as defined below]
This Continuing Disclosure Agreement (the “Disclosure Agreement”) is executed
and delivered by the undersigned local issuer (the Local Issuer”) in connection with the
issuance by the Virginia Public School Authority (the “Authority”’) of $74,850,000
aggregate principal amount of its School Refunding Bonds (1997 Resolution) Series 2003
B (the “Series 2003 B Bonds) pursuant to the provisions of a bond resolution (the “1997
Resolution”) adopted on October 23. 1997, as amended and restated. The Series 2003 B
Bonds and all other parity bonds heretofore or hereafter issued under the 1997 Resolution
are collectively called the “Bonds”. A portion of the proceeds of the Series 2003 B
Bonds are being used by the Authority to provide funds to refund in advance of their
maturity certain bonds of the Authority. The proceeds of the refunded bonds were used
to purchase general obligation school bonds (the “Transferred Local School Bonds”)
issued by certain Virginia counties and cities (the “Transferred Local School Bond
Issuers”) that have used the proceeds thereof for capital projects for public schools.
SECTION 1. Purpose of the Disclosure Agreement:_This Disclosure Agreement
is being executed and delivered by the Local Issuer for the benefit of the holders of the
Series 2003 B Bonds and in order to assist the Participating Underwriters (defined below)
in complying with the Rule (defined below). The Local Issuer acknowledges that it is
undertaking primary responsibility for any reports, notice or disclosures that may be
required under this Agreement.
SECTION 2. Definitions: In addition to the definitions set forth in the 1997
Resolution, which apply to any capitalized term used in this Disclosure Agreement unless
otherwise defined in this Section, the following capitalized terms shall have the following
meanings:
“Annual Report” s hall mean any Annual Report provided by the Local Issuer
pursuant to, and as described in, Sections 3 and 4 of this Disclosure Agreement.
“Dissemination Agent” shall mean the Local Issuer, acting in its capacity as
Dissemination Agent hereunder, or any successor Dissemination Agent designated in