49]
and appropriate the same. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked the girls for the information and expressed the Board’s pride in the
girl’s accomplishments.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger moved to the next item on the agenda which was a report
from Dr. Krug on the repairs to a portion of the High School roof and the School Boards
desire to proceed with the next phase in replacing the High School roof system.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow the
School Board to proceed with the second phase of High School roof replacement. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Stan Goldsmith, Program Manager, Region 2000,
had requested a resolution supporting the proposed constitutional amendments #3 & #4.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, Section 2, Article VII of the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Virginia
may be amended by Question #3 on the November 1998 ballot, and
WHEREAS, Section 10 of Article VII of the constitution of the Commonwealth of
Virginia may be amended by Question #4 on the November 1998 ballot, and
WHEREAS, the passage of these two amendments make it possible for participating
localities to enter into agreements to develop joint regional industrial parks by sharing the
costs and the revenues related for establishing a joint park, and
WHEREAS, the passage of these amendments give’s the participating localities the
option to work together on a voluntary basis, and
WHEREAS, the passage of these two amendments is intended for the primary purpose of
creating higher paying jobs by attracting larger industries to the region , and
WHEREAS, counties now do not have the same authority to act as do cities and towns
thereby creating significant delays in attracting new prospects to a joint site, and
WHEREAS, passage of the amendments will require that county Boards of Supervisors
and City and Town Councils are still accountable to their voters, and