121
W. H. Carson
PRESENT: (Pamplin Town Council)
Robert Mitchell - Mayor
Marvin Hamlett
Ronald E. Franklin
Susan Hudson
Debbie Happel
ABSENT: (Pamplin Town Council)
Deloris H. DeMuth
Ruth Williamson
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
John Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. O’Brien opened the joint meeting and asked each governing body to call their
meetings to order. Mayor Spiggle opened the meeting of the Appomattox Town Council, Chairman
Samuel Carter opened the meeting of the Board of Supervisors and Mayor Bob Mitchell opened the
meeting of the Pamplin Town Council.
Mr. O’Brien gave a brief overview of the meeting agenda and process of developing the draft
Comprehensive Plan. He then asked those present whether there were any comments or questions
about the draft Plan. Hearing none, he noted that if anyone had comments later to direct them to Mr.
Spencer or Mr. Stidham.
Mr. O’Brien then asked whether anyone had comments on the public input process. Mr. Carter
noted that the proposed work plan distributed by Mr. Spencer looked reasonable. Mayor Spiggle
added that it might be a good idea to make presentations before civic groups such as the Lions’ Club
or Farm Bureau. The Mayor also suggested that we look into printing up inserts to go into the
Times-Virginian advertising the public input process. Mayor Spiggle asked Marvin Hamlett of the
Times-Virginian about pricing for the inserts. Mr. Hamlett replied that inserts on 8 %" x 11" paper
would cost $240, and that 4,000 copies would have to be provided to cover the full circulation.
Mr. Kendrick inquired as to whether the Plan and associated information would be available on the
Appomattox.com website. Mr. Stidham replied that it is something that we would definitely look
into. He added that the Plan files could be made available in a common format for download from
the website as well as copied onto CD-ROMs. Mr. Wilson asked whether the size of the files would
be too large and cumbersome to download, and Mr. Stidham said they should be relatively small.
Mr. O’Brien moved to a discussion of mapping, and drew the attention of those present to the draft
maps and charts displayed that had been prepared by the Region 2000 Regional Commission. He
then asked for comments on the maps and charts, and Mr. Carwile asked what the margin for error