. 17
The Board by consensus decided to move discussion of this item to Saturday, March 9, 2002.
3 Planning Commission Recommendation: The Planning Commission has recommend the
approval of Petition #02-492 - Stephen King for Harvest Homes . Conditional Use
permit per §170-34(A)(11) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance to allow a home
for adults. Property is located on U. S. 460 east between Route 707 and Route 695, Tax
Map #77(A)118, and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Planning Commission’s
recommendation to approve Petition #02-492 - Stephen King of Harvest Homes.
5. Tobacco Indemnity Grant: Staff has contacted the Tobacco Commission to determine if
the funds initially designated for replacement of the gateway signs could be diverted to
another qualifying project. A letter will be written to the Executive Director of the
commission requesting permission and outlining the changed scope. There is
approximately $30,000 remaining in the fund for use on a new project. $15,000 is
designated to construct an entrance sign at the industrial park and for expenses incurred to
date.
Also these funds may be used to finance a water study with the Town of Appomattox.
Discussion centered around landscaping around the present gateway signs. Also establishing
funds for upkeep and beautification of these signs.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to request the Tobacco Grant money be
used to: 1. Beautify the signs with landscaping and materials.
2. Refurbish signs
3. Remainder to go to water study.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter stated it was necessary for the Board to enter into closed session to discuss a legal
matter.
At 6:45 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session as
per §2.2-3711 A. 7 and §2.2-3711 A. 1 of the Code of Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel
(Courthouse litigation) and Personnel Matters, (maternity leave and Facilities Foreman)
respectively. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:49 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore, the Board came out of closed
session and returned to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,