44
Mr. Overstreet stated that the two sections we were looking at were the Citizen’s Public
Comments and the Personal Appearances of persons representing a corporation or organization.
If we stay with the three (3) minute time limit, we need some type of timer to ensure we stay
within the time limit. These rules are appropriate according to Federal Court cases and
Constitutional Law. One thing we have to remember in applying these rules is we have to be
“content neutral” when we have a speaker to come up.
On Public Appearances we don’t have a time period and we may not need to establish one. It
appears that these appearances are placed on the agenda in increments of fifteen (15) minutes and
it may be good to continue in this manner. There seems to be some concern regarding the
disclosure of dues, etc. for some organizations that may wish to appear before the Board.
The Board will reconsider this issue at the March 7, 2005 meeting.
5. Daytime Pre-hospital Emergency Medical Care for Appomattox
Citizens: Representatives of the County of Appomattox, the Town of Appomattox,
the Appomattox County Rescue Squad, the Appomattox Sheriff’s Department and
various businesses in the community have been meeting to come up with a solution
to the problem of getting emergency medical service provided during the day. Some
very good ideas have resulted. However, they do not have a recommendation at this
time. Hopefully, a Memorandum of Understanding will be developed and presented
for approval at the next Board meeting.
Mr. Conrad stated we have a continuing situation here which seems to elevate itself and he
doesn't see where there will be a decline in this and he feels it is incumbent upon the Board to
certainly do what is necessary to ensure proper emergency medical care to the citizens of the
County.
Mr. Armbrust and Mr. Craft both agree with Mr. Conrad that the Board needs to move forward
with providing some medical assistance during the day.
6. Board Meeting Place: There has been considerable concem about a set meeting
place for the Board of Supervisors that would also provide a place for the Planning
Commission to hold its meetings in the same location. There are several alternatives,
one of which is the Old Elementary School. However, there are some drawbacks to
this building — heating, cooling and electrical problems. Another location would be
the upper level of the County Administration Building, however there is a space
limitation. It was also suggested that the Administration Office be moved to the
upper level and renovate the lower level for this purpose. Estimates have been
received as to the cost of this plan.
Ms. Ferguson explained to the Board what needs to be done in order to renovate the upper level
of the Administration Building at an estimated cost of $12,000.00. This would still not give the
adequate room needed for a meeting room. It has been suggested that the upper level be