188
required research being put on the agenda?
Mr. Kendrick stated that was correct, anything that would be a major public concern that would
more than likely require a public hearing or some research or some preparation to understand the
issue, should be put on the agenda. Mr. Kendrick continued that his issue was that he did not
want to make decisions in a hasty manner. Mr. Kendrick stated that he wanted to make sure that
he made a fully researched decision based on all the facts that he had and that he felt each Board
member owed that to the citizens.
Mr. Moore stated that he had to fully agree with Mr. Kendrick on this matter.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Kendrick and stated that with Mr. Kendricks’ concerns how would
the Board actually get these things out? Mr. Carwile continued that there were going to be times
that concerns should be voiced that maybe you wouldn’t have the time to go through all this
process. Mr. Carwile stated that this would be one of his concerns. Mr. Carwile stated that he
thought that there may be things that should be addressed because of the essence of time and he
felt they could be put out for evaluation and then if they wanted to move them on in to Mrs.
Ferguson then she could research, etc. Mr. Carwile continued that he thought the concept was
good but he was just questioning if they were going to throw a monkey wrench in things.
Mr. Kendrick began that his thinking is that the Board needs to allow the time to research to
make a fully informed decision. Mr. Kendrick stated that in his life whenever he made a hasty
decision it usually turned out to be a wrong decision that he regretted. Mr. Kendrick continued
that unless the Board was in an emergency situation they should always have the time, they should
allow that time, they should demand that time. Mr. Kendrick stated that is really why he wants to
see it on the agenda so he could have that time and so that everyone else has the same time.
Mr. Moore stated that if anyone has a concern there was nothing wrong with contacting Mrs.
Ferguson and having it put on the agenda.
Mr. Carwile stated that he agreed with Mr. Kendrick wholeheartedly, but that there were
concerns out in the community that had been brought on by the Board that was beyond their
control and that is the reason that he felt that Mr. Hancock should be back in the meeting for what
he really wanted to open tonight, not that it would be a decision made tonight but for that concern
to be put out and then evaluate it as to what direction they wanted to go in. Mr. Carwile
continued that what he was hinging on was that this Board was faced with things that have come
upon them that they are aware of that is making concerns and time is of essence. Mr. Carwile
stated that he was speaking of the Courthouse and whatever might fall into that the Board needs
to kind of get the direction because of what the commitment had been made by the past Board.
Mr. Carwile continued that was where he was coming from, he was not trying to that the
Supervisors should not have time and be better informed but he asked if Mr. Kendrick’s
suggestion was not ruling out that something could not be brought up, as kind of a let’s throw it
out there and look and see what’s the best for it.
Mr. Kendrick again stated that his suggestion was that under Supervisor Concerns, that things of
C