244
Mr. Carter asked if there were any comments:
One member of the Legion stated his thanks to the Board for working with the
committee.
Another member stated he would like to speak on behalf of all the veterans of
Appomattox County and the people who will actually be putting this together. You will
be amazed by the support of the general public- there will be a lot of pride when people
can come and see Grandpa’s name, their son and other loved ones names on this
monument. For the American Legion, its all about honor and integrity. They are here to
do something and to do it right.
Mr. Carter asked for a motion on the Memorandum of Understanding after the edits are
completed.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
Memorandum of Understanding:
THIS MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING MADE AND ENTERED
INTO THE 7" DAY OF NOVEMBER, 2005, BETWEEN THE
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS (“COUNTY”) AND
THE AMERICAN LEGION POST NO.104 (“LEGION”)
WHEREAS, several organizations within Appomattox County (i.e. American
Legion Post No. 104, Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars, American
Legion Auxiliary Unit 104, Sons of Confederate Veterans, etc.) have asked the
Appomattox Board of Supervisors to establish a “Wall of Honor” to include a number of
monuments within the Courthouse Square, memorializing all eligible servicemen as well
as “first responders” (i.e., all law enforcement an all fire and rescue/EMT employees and
volunteers); and
WHEREAS, said organizations have graciously offered to provide the funding to
develop said monument with the American Legion Post No. 104, “Legion” herein, being
the lead organization; and
WHEREAS, this Memorandum of Understanding has been approved by the
membership of the Legion after a called meeting for that purpose; and
WHEREAS, the parties hereto have entered into this Memorandum of
Understanding to set forth the parameters and role of each in developing the monument.
THEREFORE, the parties agree to this Memorandum of Understanding, as
follows:
1) The first phase of development will be construction of a concrete pad
within an area of 20 feet X 40 feet and a thickness of 8 inches. The County
Administrator will stake out the four corners of the area within Courthouse
Square. The County Administrator shall be notified 10 days in advance of the
pouring of the pad. Legion will arrange for and lead and oversee construction of
this pad. County Administrator reserves the right to object to the proposed sub-
contractor.