146
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the following petitions:
02-507 - William Edward Walker: Amend conditional use permit to construct addition to existing
business building. Property is located on US460 between Rt. 622 and Rt. 628, Tax Map
#102(A)21A, and is zoned R-2 Residential.
02-508 - John K. Barksdale: Conditional Use Permit for sale and display of prefabricated accessory
building at an existing business per ' 170-51 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property
is located on US 460 between Rt. 609 and Rt. 667, Tax Map #60(4)B and is zoned M-1 Industrial.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
5: Road Viewers Report: The Road Viewers Committee consisting of Claude A. Moore, W.
H. Craft and John Fitch have recommended that Brandonwood Lane Road be accepted into
the state secondary road system at a 50/50 rate. The Landowners would be required to fund
50% of the necessary cost to improve the road to state standards. A resolution needs to be
approved by the Board.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Board of Viewers on August 2, 2002, viewed the following requested section of
road for eligibility as a new addition to the Secondary Road System and recommends to the Board
that it be added to the Secondary Road System.
BE IT RESOLVED, this Board does hereby accept the Board of Viewers report and will request the
Virginia Department of Transportation to add the following section to the Secondary Road System of
Appomattox County when the necessary unrestricted fifty (50) feet of right of way is obtained,
required utility adjustments are completed and funding is available.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board establishes that the following street be eligible for
acceptance under Section 33.1-72.1 Paragraph AC@ of the Code of Virginia. .
BRANDONWOOD ESTATES
Brandonwood Lane - Beginning at Route 669 and ending at a cul-de-sac, a distance of approximately
0.61 mile
Estimated cost - $73,200 50/50/ funding
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
6. Board Appointments:
a. Regional Renaissance: Ms. Barbara Bennett has requested that the Board appoint an
individual to the Regional Renaissance Board. Mr. Fred Underwood has agreed to serve in
this capacity and represent Appomattox if appointed by the Board.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mr. Fred Underwood to represent
Appomattox County on the Regional Renaissance Board. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.