392
13. School: Please approve the following supplemental appropriations as requested
by the school.
Temporary Courthouse $ 36.41
Employee Insurance Fair 1,000.00
Mutual of Omaha — Dental 1,010.90
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda as
approved. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
14. Appomattox Town Council Agenda: Town Council agenda for
meeting/workshop held on October 14, 2003.
15. Monthly Update: Monthly updates on County projects.
16. Comprehensive E conomic D evelopment S trategy (CEDS) minutes: Minutes
for CEDS committee meeting held on July 15, 2003 (Adopted 10/1/03).
17. School’s Monthly Financial Report: Financial Report for School for month of
November 2003.
18. VACo Conference: VACo Conference will be held November 9 — 11 at the
Homestead. Ifany Board member is interested in attending please inform Mr.
Carroll regarding registration and hotel reservations.
19. Severance Tax: Staff contacted the Department of Taxation concerning the
question that Mr. Carwile posed regarding taxing limestone. Response has been
received from Mr. Thomas Morelli of the State Department of Taxation stating
that it is not possible for Appomattox County to impose a severance tax on
limestone. The value of the limestone is already taxed through the real estate tax.
Mr. Carwile questioned the rate at which the limestone was being assessed. Are we
receiving the assessed value? Mr. Carroll will check with the Commissioner of Revenue
to see at what rate this is assessed.
At 8:10 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 8:20 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the meeting and called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated he had several things to discuss, the first being Mr. Stewart Robinson
of the Carver-Price Alumni Association. He has talked to me and asked that the
committee of Earl Pickett, Lannis Selz, Sammy Carter, Jerry Kendrick, and Walter Krug
notify him when they will be meeting so he can be in attendance.