235
Now Therefore, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors do hereby recognize
April 2003 as CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION MONTH in Appomattox County and
call this observance to the attention of all our citizens.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Oakville School Site: At the last meeting Mr. Moore raised a concern from a
citizen complaint regarding cars and trucks parked at the Oakville school site.
Since this property belongs to the School Board, this may be a topic of discussion
at the next committee meeting regarding the old elementary school.
Mr. Carwile questioned what this building was being utilized for at this time. He also
suggested that the Board should consider all the property throughout the County
belonging to the School Board that is not being utilized but still being a tax burden to the
County residents.
The Board by consensus agreed that this will be discussed at the next School Board
Committee meeting.
Mr. Carter explained that the Consent Agenda (items 8-18) was next on the Agenda:
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve payment of bills as presented.
9. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular meeting held on
March 3, 2003.
Board Actions:
10. Building Permit Fee: The Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department has requested
that the Board waive the fees associated with improvements to their current
station to accommodate the new fire truck.
11. Courtland Field Improvements: The Appomattox Garden Club wishes to
purchase dogwood trees for placement in Courtland Field. Staff is requesting the
Board approve this request with the condition that the location of the trees be
coordinated with Ms. Ann Dixon, Recreation Director, so they will not interfere
with the use of Courtland Field for Railroad Festival, soccer and other
recreational and community uses.
12. Courthouse Project: Please approve the following bill for Courthouse project:
$25,139.10 for 100% completion of Construction Documents.
Supplemental Appropriations:
13. Sheriff’s Department: Please approve supplemental appropriations as follows:
3102-5408 Vehicle Power Equipment Supplies $100.00
14. Electoral Board: Please approve the following supplemental appropriation for
reimbursement received from the cellular phone company:
1301-5203 — Telephone $27.51