452
Mr Carroll called for nominations for Chairman of the Board for 2001.
Mr. Carwile made a statement that he was not a candidate for the Chairman and that he wasnominating Mr. Jerry Kendrick for the Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Carroll asked for other nominations.
Mr. Carter stated that during the past year the Board had been through a lot of difficult projects andhaving to pull together for a lot of team work that the past Board’s had not seen and with that inmind, he would like to nominate Mr. Russell Moore to continue as Chairman.
Mr. Carroll closed the nominations and asked for motions on the nominations. Mr. Carroll statedthere were two nominations for Chairman of the Board and he was asking for a motion so thesecould be voted on.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to nominate Mr. Kendrick as Chairman, seconded by Mr. Hancock.
Mr. Carroll asked for discussion. Hearing no discussion, Mr. Carroll called for a vote on thenomination. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carter, nay; and Mr.Kendrick, abstained.
Mr. Carter made some comments on the nominating process but that he was in agreement with thefinal outcome.
Mr. Carroll then turned the meeting over to Mr. Kendrick
Mr. Carwile expressed his appreciation to Mr. Moore for the job he had done during the past year
in his capacity as Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Kendrick commented on the number of things that the Board worked through last year and how
each of the members had worked to accomplish the difficult tasks put before them. He also thanked
Mr. Moore for his leadership last year.
Mr. Kendrick asked for nominations for the Vice-Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Moore nominated Samuel Carter for the Vice-Chairman of the Board seconded by Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Kendrick called for discussion. Having no discussion Mr. Kendrick then called for a vote:
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
abstained.
The next order of business was to adopt the Rules of Order.
Mr. Kendrick suggested the Board continue with “Robert’s Rules of Order, Newly Revised”
allowing the Chairman to make a second motion.
Mr. Carwile made a motion that the Board adopt “Robert’s Rules of Order, Newly Revised” with the