484
Ms. Taylor stated she would like to re-cap for the Board where the Committee is in
planning for this upcoming event. Ms. Taylor reported on the financial status of the
Committee at the present time. They are receiving some suttlers fees and some
registration fees from the re-enactors. Their biggest concern is Insurance. It appears
that no one can take them on as a rider, and they cannot place a rider on their present
insurance. Insurance last year cost them $1,380.38 and this did not include rain
insurance as they did not meet the deadline. They would like to purchase rain insurance
this year which will cost between $1800 -— $2,500. This would cover a certain
percentage of the anticipated proceeds in the event this re-enactment if rained out. The
rain insurance has to be issued 60 days in advance of the event. Ms. Taylor thanked the
Board for any support they can give them.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Ms. Taylor.
Mr. Carter called for action on the Administrative Items: (Items 1 — 8)
1. Chamber Request for Reenactment Assistance: The Appomattox County
Chamber of Commerce has request that the Board of Supervisors contribute
$3,000 to the Civil War reenactment scheduled for June 19-20, 2004. Also, the
Chamber has requested that the Board provide insurance for the weekend event
by adding a rider to the existing County policy. Last year, the previous Board
made what was described as a “one-time” contribution of $5,000 to the 2003
reenactment. Also, last year, the re-enactors were asked to provide their own
insurance, which they, in fact, did.
Staff is working with our insurance carrier to determine the cost of such a rider.
Mr. Carter stated that we now know that a rider cannot be placed on the County’s
insurance under the conditions of our existing policy. Also, the re-enactment was a
great asset to the community last year. The attendance was excellent. Due to the
present budgetary restraints, Mr. Carter is in favor of paying for the insurance with the
additional rain insurance up to approximately $3,000/$3,500 or, as an alternative,
giving the Chamber a contribution.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to provide
the Re-enactment Committee $3,500.00 for the purchase of the needed insurance.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes, 1 absent)
2. Courthouse Furnishings: The previous Board voted to delete from the
Craddock-Cunningham contract all responsibility for furnishing the new
courthouse. However, as stated by Ms. Williams, we now face a time and
staffing dilemma that has prompted the Courthouse Furnishings Committee to
request that Craddock-Cunningham be called upon to tackle this task. All work
would be done on a per hour basis under the “other tasks” portion of the existing
contract, just as was done for the courthouse connector.