61
Whereas, victims of crime deserve respect, resources, restoration, and justice; and
Whereas, as we carry crime victims’ rights into 2002 and beyond, we must Bring Honor
to Victims, striving to create a world where the legal rights of victims are honored and
government agencies are accountable for their treatment of victims; and
Whereas, despite significant progress in providing rights and services to crime victims
over the past two decades, large segments of our population, including crime victims who are
elderly, disabled, or living in rural areas, are still under-served; and
Whereas, as a nation devoted to liberty and justice for all, America must increase its
efforts to protect, restore, and expand crime victims’ rights and services; and
Whereas, Appomattox County Victim/Witness Program is joining forces with victim
service programs, criminal justice officials, and concerned citizens throughout Appomattox
County, Virginia and America to observe National Crime Victims’ Rights Week;
Therefore, be it Resolved, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors designates the
week of April 21-27, 2002, as Appomattox County, Virginia Crime Victim’ Rights Week; and
Be it Further Resolved, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors reaffirms a
commitment to respect and enforce victims’ rights and address their needs during 2002
Appomattox County, Virginia Crime Victim’s Rights Week and throughout the year; and
Be it Further Resolved, that this official proclamation be presented to Appomattox
County Victim/Witness Program on April 15th, 2002.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the above resolution:
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
4. VDOT Resolution: VDOT is proposing to close Route 652 to thru traffic for a period of 3
months for bridge replacement.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Route 652, 0.90 mile South of Route 648, the existing bridge at Reedy Creek, due
to deterioration, will be replaced as a result of project 0652-006-P52, N502, B629 with a slab
span bridge and
WHEREAS, the slab span bridge will be built on the same location as the old structure and will
require demolition of the old structure prior to construction of the new slab span bridge.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
concurs in closing this section of Route 652 to thru traffic for approximately 3 months for the