935
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding Tourism. Mr. Kendrick stated that as the Board’s
representative on the Joint Tourism Committee that he felt any discussion by the Council and Board
prior to receiving that recommendation would be premature.
June 12" or June 13" at 7:00 P.M. would be agreeable to the majority of the Board members.
4. Porter Store Road Resolution: Adoption of resolution necessary to give County
Administrator authority to accept necessary deeds to bring Porter Store Road into the state’s
secondary road system.
After a brief discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
resolution for bringing Porter Store road into the secondary road system.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation (“VDOT”) and the County assigned
road viewers have determined that the private right of way commonly known as Porter Store Road
(a.k.a., Porter House Road) is eligible for one hundred percent (100%) construction funding for
improvements necessary for its inclusion into the state secondary system of highways (the “Road”);
and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors (the “Board”) has accepted the
recommendation from the road viewers for addition of Porter Store Road into the Virginia secondary
system of highways and has prioritized it for inclusion on the rural addition list; and
WHEREAS, it is necessary for the property owners along Porter Store Road to convey to
the County their interest in the real estate necessary for the establishment of Road to the public use;
and
WHEREAS, it is necessary for the County of Appomattox to accept such conveyance of
property interests for the creation of a state secondary road; and
WHEREAS, the property owners who petitioned for improvements to the Road and its
inclusion into the state secondary system of highways have represented to Board and the County
Administrator that all real property for the creation of this state secondary road will be donated by
such property owners at no cost to the County;
NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved, that the Board does hereby authorize (i) the
acquisition by gift of such real property interests and rights of way as are necessary for VDOT to
establish and build the Road, including without limitation, the real property depicted on the attached
plat of survey and identified as comprising the Road, (ii) the transfer and conveyance of the County’s
interest in such real property and the Road to VDOT and/or the Commonwealth of Virginia upon
completion of the Road, (iii) the execution and delivery by the County Administrator or the
Chairman of the Board of such deeds and other instruments as may be necessary for the County to
accept the real property interests described herein from the property owners whose real property will
comprise the Road and to convey the same to VDOT or the Commonwealth pursuant to item (ii)