101
Whereas, the Region 2000 Regional Commission believes that working together with the Region
2000 Economic Development Partnership, the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board and the
Region 2000 Regional Technology Council will allow our organizations to work more effectively
and efficiently and allow our organizations to take advantage of natural synergies and avoid
duplications or conflicts in services, and furthermore,
Whereas, the Region 2000 Regional Commission believes that these agencies can create a better
public image and a stronger agency identity if these regional agencies work more closely together
and better communicate and coordinate our missions and priorities, and furthermore,
Whereas, the Region 2000 Regional Commission believes that the people and local governments
of the Greater Lynchburg region would be better served by more coordinated efforts of these
agencies that use the Region 2000 brand, and
Whereas, the Region 2000 Regional Commission has voted unanimously on January 20, 2005 to
recommend to member jurisdictions to change the name of the Commission to utilize a common
“Brand Name” that can be used by the four regional agencies.
Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors offers this
Resolution in support of amending the Charter of the Region 2000 Regional Commission as
follows:
Article I, Section 1:
The name of this organization shall be the Region 2000-Regienal Commission
Virginia’s Region 2000 Partnership-Regional Council, hereinafter called the Local
Government Council.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called David Rose, of Davenport & Company to address the Board.
Mr. Rose is here to present the results of Davenport's research concerning funding for
the landfill, PSAP and animal pound.
Mr. David Rose passed out a document containing the information requested on funding
possibilities for upcoming County building projects.
Mr. Rose began by stating they are pleased to report that they have been able to secure
funding that is most optimal to the County. This report contains proposals from three
(3) banks, BB&T, Wachovia and Sun Trust; BB&T Private Placement vs VRA Funding and
Comparison of Financing Approaches. Davenport is recommending proceeding with the
BB&T Private Placement approach for the following reasons:
1. Flexibility:
The County has maximum flexibility through the Private Placement approach
with respect to prepaying the debt.
2. Costs:
Total costs through the Private Placement approach are significantly less
than the costs associated with the VRA approach.