457
should be aware of all of this. Mr. Carter stated that the figures given for Prince Edward
County is not what an Economic Development Coordinator is in their budget. Mr. Carter
stated “I have said over and over again that we need an Economic Development
Coordinator, we do not need an administrative person”. Mr. Nash pointed out in the
EDA meeting that this is the reason we have cell phones and computers and we move
forward in today’s society. Mr. Carter stated that when talking about colleges in
Longwood and Hampton Sydney it is a shame that their industrial park is full, and part of
Prince Edward’s stimulus is they need more space and land, so here once again
Appomattox in the circle of things, we do not have a Economic Development
Coordinator and all of these surrounding counties are pursuing and gaining businesses to
come in. Mr. Carter stated that Amherst County just gained another business in their
Amelon Park. Mr. Carter stated that it does not take someone with a PHD to realize that
the only way this County is going to survive is with an Economic Development
Coordinator.
Mr. Carter stated that a lot of the information given tonight by Mr. Craft was erroneous.
Mr. Craft stated that his information about Harris Teeter was not erroneous, Chairman
Conrad interjected by stating that Harris Teeter had specifically indicated that their
distribution center was to be considered in the Fredericksburg area only because of the
Route 301 Corridor going up to Maryland and Delaware. Chairman Conrad stated that it
would not have mattered one way or another if someone here was contacted or not
concerning this, because Harris Teeter under no circumstances would have considered
this area, period. Chairman Conrad stated that because of that fact, no one should be
blamed in the County Administrators office for not dealing with this.
Mr. Carter stated that this information is immaterial while Mr. Conrad stated that it was
relevant to a point when accusing someone in the County office of not having this
information. Chairman Conrad stated that this office had no reason to know this
information due to Harris Teeter having no intentions of going anywhere other than the
Fredericksburg area.
Mr. Carter stated that no one had been accused in any office of anything, Chairman
Conrad stated that when the comment was made in the previous meeting that no one in
the County office was aware of this new distribution center it was an accusation that this
office was not up to par on doing their job.
Mr. Carter stated that no one in the organization of Appomattox County knew about
Harris Teeter needing this site and it did not matter where they were going to locate. Mr.
Carter stated that the whole objective is not for them to come knocking on our door, but
for us to go to them. Chairman Conrad agreed that this is what we need to be doing,
however, he feels that Mr. Craft was trying to say that we have not got the funds to be
knocking on doors. Chairman Conrad stated that it has previously been stated that this
Board would pursue an economic development coordinator during this budget and work
on it then. Chairman Conrad stated that since that time, statements have been made that
this needs to be done even if we have to borrow money. Chairman Conrad stated that he