Mr. Jamerson next called on Mrs. Beasley. Mrs. Beasley made
a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to authorize the Social
Services department to collect welfare overpayments’ by
attaching tax refunds of the recipients. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley then made a motion to provide the Social
Services Department a diaper changing unit costing $300.00 to
be installed in the restroom at Social Services. After
considerable discussion the motion died for lack of a second.
Mrs. Beasley next reported the Social Services Department has
requested a doorway be cut between the commodities storage
food since the clothes closet is no longer being used. Mrs.
O41
room and the clothes closet to allow additional storage = /
Beasley asked Mr. Carwile to ask the Community Center Board
to consider this request.
4. Mr. Jamerson then called on Mr. Carwile. Mr. Carwile
presented the Board a letter dated September 8, 1992 from
Chairperson Ora McCoy to the County Administrator regarding
recommendations of the Community Center Board on issuance of
keys and and use of storage space. The letter is as follows:
Dear Mr. Rice,
The following information is for the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisor.
As per Mr. Rice’s recent request for recommendations on key
issue and utilization for the Community Center, the Board of
Directors met on September 2, 1992 and offer the following
for your consideration.
All exterior door keys for access to the building proper
should be limited to Community Center employees, Appomattox
County Administration, Appomattox County Maintenance, and the
Board of Directors Chairperson. This specifically excludes
the building kitchen area entrance.
Interior office keys’ should be issued to the _ persons
occupying or responsible for that particular office or area.
Utilization of Community Center storage space should be
limited to the direct operational needs of the Community
Center and not by other groups or agencies who are not part
of that governmental entity.
All persons, groups, agencies, etc., utilizing the Community
Center which are not part of that governmental entity shall
be guided by the Board of Director’s procedural requirements
for contractual agreement and previously established fees.
Key initially issued to the Appomattox County Youth
Association through John Williams should be recalled. Youth
Association equipment presently being stored in the Community