577
over and above what is required to meet all the requirements to get the
maximum State Funding. There may be another $30,000 to play with. The
budget shows exactly what the School Board is doing. There has been a lot of
talk about a new “pot” of money. Additional funding came in from sales taxes
after the Legislature finally passed a budget. If the County has been funding the
School over and above what is required to meet the matches, part of that money
was to come back to the County. We did not meet those needs, and we are not
entitled to any money back. (Mr. Perrow explained all the variables involved with
this revenue).
Mr. Carter stated that our educational system, during the period he has been on
the Board, has suffered from a lack of funds basically due to the economy of the
nation, as well as the state. To see almost a million dollar increase really brings
him joy. Unless we pay a decent salary, we will not keep good, qualified teachers
and instructors. He also congratulated the County Administrator on being able to
figure out a way for this to happen, without raising the taxes of our local citizens.
But, we are going to take a hit on various other departments or other projects.
This is the first time in years we have had the opportunity to do something that
is good. We will be taking away from our reserve in order to do so.
There was some discussion regarding law enforcement needs, and the building
of an animal shelter. If we do not begin construction of the animal shelter, we
will be facing stiff penalties from the State.
The final question remains — how much can be cut from the School Board's
Budget and still allow the salary increases to school employees?
Dr. Krug stated if they had to cut anything, they could cut the new buses and
after that, the next step would be positions. They feel they have a good working
relationship with this Board and they do not want to do anything that would put
this in jeopardy.
The final decision was to reduce the School Budget by $233,000.00. This would
allow for the purchase of two (2) new buses and also allow money for the
construction of a new animal shelter. Everyone seemed to be comfortable with
this.
Mr. Carter thanked Dr. Krug and the School Board for their cooperation and
understanding.
Ms. Ferguson stated there were a few items that the Board needed to consider.
She has developed two (2) job descriptions for review, one being the E-911
Coordinator. She will ask for approval of these at the next meeting.