514
Boards and citizens for the past four (4) years. He feels like at his age, he has seen a
lot of different things as far as citizens responses to economic growth. No matter where
you go, what county you are in, there will be those that are for it and those that are
against it. Rural counties most of the time certainly have individuals that would like to
maintain the status quo. He grew up in an area where there was nothing but wells. Of
course, through the years, growth was stimulated by businesses moving in and
infrastructure being built. Today, that county is certainly one of the fastest growing in
the State. We, however, are not in that type of area, but we are still a county that has
people in it, people have their needs and educational and business requirements and
every day living requirements. This is going to require us, as a county, to be able to
grown whether we like it or not and we are going to have to compete with other
counties and areas around us. To say that we don’t have to, is not logical. We are ina
century where our pace of living is fast and things happen on a daily basis that would
have taken months before. Because of that we are compelled to build the necessary
infrastructure to make us able to complete as we grow and to live comfortably. Rural
areas are certainly around but they are certainly not like they were in the 40’s, 50’s and
60's and they never will be again whether we like it or not. We have to grow and some
of this growth is not by choice and we are mandated to do so. At this point in time,
there is no other choice. You can say we could have a reservoir and our own water
source, but as the studies have shown, that we are looking at a cost of 4.7 million
dollars in several years, but yet again, if we went with a reservoir, it would cost us about
15 to 20 million dollars and more years into the future. This would cost us more in
taxes in the long run. He was elected to take this material, study it to the best of his
knowledge and make a good viable decision based on what he thought was best for the
county. It certainly is more logical to vote in favor of the waterline.
Mr. Armbrust: We have had several water studies done and the first one was not as
clear as the second one, the third one was clearer but he still has some unanswered
questions. He, was also elected by the people to represent them by looking at the
information provided to him. The concept of the waterline seems to be the most
feasible at this time, but there are a lot of unanswered questions. There are questions
regarding the negotiations for us as the consumer. What are we going to receive from
this. The cost will be dependent on the size of the project. We need to take another
look at this before making a decision.
Mr. Craft: He became interested in the waterline four or five years ago probably during
the 2002 drought, when the town began having water restrictions. Both the Town
Council and the Board of Supervisors wanted to bring some type of water into the
County. It was stated that they would bring it from Lynchburg (Mt. Athos) area, and
Campbell County spent the money to put a extra line in without us being fully
committed. Now they want money to bring water to Concord. They are asking for that
money now. He is not in favor of using taxpayer's money to pay for the lines as
opposed to those who would be using the line. There are about 959 customers in town
and about 150 outside of town that are hooked to town water. He felt that we could get
together and set up a public service authority which some people don’t like. The cost
should be paid by those who will be using the water not tax monies. We don’t know for
sure that we will get more industries in here. He felt we could work with the Town on
this project, even after the last elections. He has stated numerous times that the users