273
1, All costs and expenses in connection with (i) the undertaking of the acquisition, design,
construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project and the issuance of the Series A Note and
(ii) the advance refunding of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds and the issuance of the Series B Note,
including the Authority’s expenses, the fees and expenses of the County Attorney, and the fees
and expenses of the Bank, Bond Counsel, the Financial Advisor, an escrow agent and counsel for
the Authority, for the sale of the Series A Note and the Series B Note, shall be paid from the
proceeds therefrom or other funds of the County. If for any reason the Series A Note and Series B
Note are not issued, it is understood that all'such expenses shall be paid by the County and that the
Authority shall have no responsibility therefor.
2. The County hereby accepts the Central National Bank Proposal and instructs the
Financial Advisor and Bond Counsel to take all such action as necessary or appropriate to
conclude the financing as set forth in the Central National Bank Proposal by the issuance of the
Series A Note and the Series B Note of the Authority and to advance refund the Outstanding 1998
Bonds based upon the recommendation of the Financial Advisor.
3. The following plan for financing the costs of the Courthouse Project is approved. The
Authority shall use the proceeds from the issuance of the Series A Note to finance on behalf of the
County, the acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project for lease to
the County for a lease term not less than the term of the Series A Note at a rent sufficient to pay
when due the interest and principal on the Series A Note. The Authority shall use the proceeds
from the issuance of the Series B Note, on behalf of the County, to advance refund the
Outstanding 1998 Bonds by funding an escrow account to be invested by an escrow agent for full
redemption of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds and shall re-lease the 1998 Projects to the County for a
lease term not less than the term of the Series B Note at a rent sufficient to pay when due the
interest and principal on the Series B Note. The obligation of the Authority to pay principal and
interest on the Series A Note and the Series B Note will be limited to rent payments received from
the County under the lease agreement. The obligation of the County to pay rent under the lease
agreement will be subject to the Board of Supervisors of the County making annual appropriations
for such purpose. The Board of Supervisors on behalf of the County has adopted this resolution as
its moral obligation to the repayment of the Series A Note and the Series B Note. The Series A
Note and the Series B Note will be secured by an assignment of rents to the Bank as the holder
thereof. If the Board of Supervisors exercises its right not to appropriate money for rent payments,
the Bank may terminate the lease or otherwise exclude the County from possession of the 1998
Projects and the Courthouse Project, subject to judicial authority as to the Courthouse Project. The
issuance of the Series A Note and the Series B Note on the terms of the Central National Bank
Proposal to be set forth in a note purchase agreement is hereby approved. The documents
referenced herein, the lease agreement, ground lease, note purchase agreement, escrow agreement
and assignment agreement shall be hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Documents”.
5: The Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, or either of them, and the
County Administrator are each hereby authorized and directed to execute the Documents and such
other instruments and documents as are necessary to create and perfect a complete assignment of
the rents and profits due or to become due in favor of the Bank, to issue the Series A Note and
Series B Note and to advance refund the Outstanding 1998 Bonds.
6. The County consents to its Bond Counsel and County Attorney acting in such capacities
as well as special counsel to the Authority in this financing.
7. The County represents and covenants that it shall not take or omit to take any action the
taking or omission of which will cause the Series A Note or the Series B Note to be “arbitrage
bonds” within the meaning of Section 148 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”) or otherwise cause the interest on the Series A Note or the Series B Note to be includable
in gross income for Federal income tax purposes under existing law. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the County shall comply with any provision of law that may require
the Authority or the County at any time to rebate to the United States any part of the earnings