504
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that we continue to reach for the stars ofjustice and compassion
for crime victims as individuals, as communities, and as a nation dedicated to justice for all.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
b. Expansion of Victim/Witness Program: The Department of Criminal Justice Services
would like the Board to consider expanding the Victim/Witness Program to include Buckingham
County. This would change the present Victim/Witness position from part-time to full time with
benefits, with the state providing all funding.
Mr. Carter stated he feels this would be a great opportunity for us to engage in activities with
Buckingham County. He sees this as a win win situation where Buckingham County can benefit
from the experience and knowledge of our Victim/Witness Advocate.
Mr. Carwile stated his concern regarding moving this position to accommodate Buckingham County,
it is not up to this Board to make this decision, it is up to Buckingham County since we are the only
county where this program is governed by the Board of Supervisors. He is also concerned about the
work load becoming too heavy for our advocate to handle.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to expand the
Victim/Witness Program to include Buckingham County contingent upon the agreement of the
Buckingham County Board of Supervisors. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations:
The Planning Commission has made the following recommendations:
01-458 - Everette J. Moore - Conditional zoning request to operate a stone quarry per §170-10 of
the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 611 between Route 683
and Route 26, Tax Map #17(A)33, and is zoned A-1.
The Commission also received two proffers from the applicant, and voted unanimously to add the
proffers to the formal motion to recommend approval of this petition.
After some discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Planning
Commission recommendation to approve Petition 01-458- of Everette J. Moore as follows: “For
reasons of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the Planning
Commission moves to recommend that the conditional zoning petition of Everett J. Moore to operate
a stone quarry on a parcel of land located at Tax Map #17(A)33 be approved in accordance with the
following proffers: 1) The only type of mining to be performed is a lime stone quarry: and 2) the
main commercial entrance for the quarry be through land owned by Mrs. Evelyn Moore which is
located on Route 683, north of the new bridge over Wreck Island Creek, and that there will be no
quarry truck traffic through any other ingress/egress easements or access roads. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.