009
Mr. Austin began by reminding the Board the Six Year Plan was due to be
updated, which would require a work session and a public hearing. Mr.
Austin asked the Board to set those dates, if possible.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, December 4, 1995 at
6:00 p.m. was scheduled for the Public Hearing and November 21, 1995 at
3:30 p.m. was scheduled for the work session, in the School Board
Conference Room.
Mr. Austin asked if any Board member had problems that he needed to be
informed about.
Mr. Carwile asked about "F" located off Route 631.
Mr. Austin explained the "F" stood for frontage road. These roads
serve land locked parcels of property created by the bypass.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mrs. Jones whose property joins this road, could
use this road.
Mr. Austin stated as long as Mrs. Jones’ property adjoins this road,
Mrs. Jones could have the use of this frontage road.
Mr. Carwile also stated that on Route 26 there were several new
driveways cut which caused a lot of water to be dumped into Route 26,
causing a safety hazard.
Mr. Austin said he would check on this problem.
Mr. Carwile also stated on Route 608 there was a problem with the
shoulders.
Mr. Austin stated he would talk to the Maintenance Superintendent about
this problem.
Mr. Carwile also stated that a representative from the Eddie Gunter
Subdivision would be meeting with the Board on December 4, 1995, to
discuss their problem. He feels these property owners were misled by
someone into believing their road would be taken over by the State.
Mr. Torrence asked if there had been a response on the requested speed
limit change on Route 24.
Mr. Austin stated, there had not, but it had been turned over to the
traffic engineer.
Mr. Torrence next noted that he and Mr. Carwile had met with Mr.
Marshall on Route 622 concerning donating the right-of-way so that
portion of road that was unpaved could be improved. Mr. Torrence
continued that neither Mr. Marshall nor Mr. Kress were willing to
donate any right-of-way, and asked what would the next step be in the
process.