O11
Mrs. Ferguson explained that they were not because the Board of Supervisors had waived
their rent for the last several years.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mrs. Ferguson would see if other localities have done the same.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss the
acquisition of property for public purposes.
At 8:40 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into executive
session to discuss the acquisition of property for public purposes. Vote: all aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 8:48 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was action necessary from the executive session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to hold a public hearing on June 28,
1999 at 6:30 P.M. on the elementary school site. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter asked the status of the Bobby Moore problem at Concord.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that warrants had been issued.