055
with many citizens of all economic backgrounds. Rev. Elliott continued that he felt that
he had no choice but to speak out for his people. Rev. Elliott stated that considering the
history of the school he was not willing to see the school changed to offices or anything
other than a school. Rev. Elliott continued that he was concerned for his people that are
on fixed incomes and could not see how they could afford more taxes. In closing Rev.
Elliott stated that he prayed that God would guide the Board in the right direction to make
the decision that would benefit the majority of tax payers in Appomattox County.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mrs. Ora McCoy to come before the Board.
Mrs. McCoy gave her address as Route 4 Box 454, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. McCoy
began by saying that taxation without representation has always rallied Americans to take
action from the time of our founding fathers until today. Mrs. McCoy stated that the
recent decision made by the Board of Supervisors to build a new school without input
from the community has caused many taxpayers to come together to discuss common
concerns and thus the formation of $COST$. Mrs. McCoy continued that this group was
made up of a diverse group of citizens opposing school travesty. Mrs. McCoy continued
that the members of the committee are Nina Beasley, Fred Jones, R. Clayton Martin,
Bonnie Tillotson, Bill Burke, Rev. Curtis Elliott, Dr. Betty Siano, Harry W. Watkins,
Jimmy Drinkard, Harry Gordon Lawson, Charles Tanner and Ora McCoy. Mrs. McCoy
explained that they are concerned that in view of the many projects initiated by the Board
of Supervisors in recent months that the burden for all taxpayers would be difficult to
carry but for low income and the working poor the burden would be disastrous. Mrs.
McCoy stated that the committee is opposed to buying more land when there is land
already in place to remodel and build a new addition to the present facility. Mrs. McCoy
continued that they felt that it would be wiser to air condition the elementary school than
to spend 10.8 million on more mistakes. Mrs. McCoy went on to list the mistakes that
she felt had already been made. Mrs. McCoy continued that the $COST$ committee
wanted true representation. She stated that they wanted all opinions heard and all
concerns considered. Mrs. McCoy then asked that the members of the committee please
stand and the ones that want renovation and addition to the elementary school to stand
also.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Jimmy Drinkard to appear before the Board.
Mr. Drinkard began by giving his address as Route 3, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Drinkard continued that he has lived here all of his life and that he would be seventy-
three this month. Mr. Drinkard stated that he has had two grandchildren go through this
school and has never heard a complaint. Mr. Drinkard continued that there was a lot of
talk about safety and that he had been to pick up his grandchildren and had no problems.
Mr. Drinkard stated that there were kids playing on the field and that there was always
someone there with them. Mr. Drinkard stated that he has never heard of an accident that
has occurred from the bus circle. Mr. Drinkard again asked for financial information
concerning County projects that have already been approved but not paid for. Mr.
Drinkard continued that he felt the renovation projection had a lot of things added into it