165
$ Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in
discussion of the petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning
Commission meeting that will immediate follow the public hearing.
$ We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner,
followed by comments from individuals to speak for the petition, and finally by
individuals speaking against the petition. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham who read the first petition.
Mr. Stidham read petition 02-509 — Shirley D. Wheeler, Dean S. Hamilton, Frank R.
Brina, and others: Re-zone properties from R-1 Residential to R-2 General Residential
with conditions proffered per §170-8 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Properties are located on Rt. 644 between Rt. 727 and Dead End. Tax Map Numbers for
these properties are available in the County Administrator’s Office.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for this petition.
Ms. Shirley Wheeler, Rt. 5, Box 800 (St. Rd. #644) came forward. She would like to
place a mobile home on this property. There are other mobile homes in the area. Her
home was destroyed by fire and she wishes to replace this home with a mobile unit.
Ms. Anna Hamilton, Route 1, Box 818 stated she supports Ms. Wheeler in this petition.
There are other mobile homes on the road.
Mr. Richard Wilson of Rt. 5, Box 803 came forward and stated he presently lives in a
mobile home and is in favor of this petition.
Mr. Stidham called for additional comments for or against this petition.
Mr. Don Zuppello, of Rt. 5, Box 806, St. Rd. 644, stated he is against the R-2 zoning. He
was also present last month when the previous petition to re-zone to A-1 was submitted.
As he understands it, Ms. Wheeler cannot afford to rebuild on her property. If his home
was destroyed he does not think he would come to this commission for charity. In
essence, this is what this petition is about. This petition is about changing the shape of
the neighborhood. He cannot see bringing more mobile homes into the neighborhood.
Secondly, he has noticed that one property in the neighborhood has gone up for sale.
Could this be because of this zoning?
Mr. Stidham called for additional comments. Hearing none, he read the next petition.
02-510 — O. H. Tolley, Jr. Amend conditional use permit for self-storage business per
§170-47of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on a double-
frontage lot fronting on U.S. 460 and Rt. 628, Tax Map #102(A)81, and is zoned B-1
Business.