631
discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#8B- Memorial United Methodist Church and
explained that they are planning a community event on Courtland Field on September 27, 2009
with no charge to the public and they are requesting that the Board waive the $100 fee for use of
this property. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board cannot waive this fee for a church if it is not waived for
other organizations.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not think there was an ordinance in place on this.
Ms. Ferguson stated that some changes had been made on the use of Courtland Field but does not
think any provisions were built in for this.
It was the consensus of the Board to table action on this issue until the next meeting and have
Ms. Ferguson review the policy.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#8C- Letter to Governor Kaine and explained
that Prince Edward County Board of Supervisors has written Governor Kaine requesting VDOT
to be allowed to complete construction on the trial surface for High Bridge Trail State Park and
they would like Appomattox to consider sending a similar letter. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Craft and Mr. Carter spoke in support of pursing this.
Mr. Carter made a motion to send a letter to Governor Kaine requesting that VDOT be allowed
to complete construction on the trail surface for High Bridge Trial State Park. Mr. Craft
seconded Mr, Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
CONSENT AGENDA:
Approval of Bills
Approval of Minute
Regular Scheduled Meeting - June 15, 2009
Public Hearing — June 15, 2009
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
Sheriff's Department
Supplement by consent and appropriate the following:
3102-3013 OSHA Mandates 90.00
3301-5402 Food 77.40