222
but these are the actions we plan to take and our goal is to meet that 25% within two(2) years.
It does add some additional work but we are currently doing most of it already.
Ms. Rockefeller also stated that there was quite a bit of wood and metal that is pulled
out of the green boxes when they are processed through the baler.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Armbrust, made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve the following resolution:
RESOLUTION APPROVING THE SOLID WASTE
MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY REGION
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Waste Management has required updating of
existing solid waste management plans; and
WHEREAS, The Region has made significant strides with regard to improving solid
waste disposal and collection, and recognizes the necessity of a cooperative effort to
meet the 25% recycling rate mandated by the Commonwealth and provide for the safe,
efficient and environmentally sound disposal of solid waste throughout the County;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors on this 3 day of October, 2005, that Appomattox County hereby approved
the Solid Waste Management Plan for the Appomattox County Region as revised per
public comments received on June 21, 2004.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Armbrust also made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Supplement
to Solid Waste Management Plan addressing Recycling Action Plan dated September 28,
2005. (see Board File)
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-2)
1. Work Session for Six Year Plan: Don Austin with VDOT is requesting that
we schedule a work session to review the proposed Six Year Plan. If it is
agreeable, the work session could be held either before or after the regular
meeting on November 7, 2005.
It will be necessary to schedule a date for the Public Hearing on the adoption of
the Six Year Plan. Mr. Austin has suggested December 5, 2005 at 6:00 p.m.
The Board by consensus agreed to hold a Work Session with VDOT on Monday,
November 7, 2005 at 6:00 p.m to discuss the proposed Six Year Plan.
The Board also agreed to hold a Public Hearing on the Six Year Plan on Monday,
December 5, 2005 at 6:00 p.m.