112
the renovation process an area could be specifically designated as the EOC instead of
using the present deputy’s office area.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $292.30 to install an
emergency line to be used during declared disasters and from now until the end of the
year for Y2K questions. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the Emergency Operations
Plan Supplement dealing with Y2K. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. (A copy of the plan is attached to the
Emergency Operations Plan.)
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board to act on the Planning Commission recommendations
from the September 20, 1999 public hearing.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition number 99-399
of David Lynn Witt for a conditional use permit for home occupation (firearms
dealership) in accessory building. Property is Tax Map No. 85-A-4C located on Route
652 between Route 648 and Route 606 and is zoned A-1. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an appointment was still needed for the Region 2000
Board of Directors replacing Bruce Cowan.
Mr. Carter stated that he had a recommendation for the Board to consider. Mr. Carter
continued that the person was a local business owner who was very interested in the
County and was willing to serve on this Board. Mr. Carter then recommended Mr.
Claude Allen Moore for appointment to the Region 2000 Board of Directors.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any other recommendations for appointment to this
Board?
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Carter would like to make his recommendation
in the form of a motion?
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Claude Allen Moore
to the Region 2000 Board of Directors. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any suggestions for citizens to serve on America’s
Promise Steering Committee or the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory
Board?
Hearing no suggestions, Mr. Bosiger asked that these appointments be placed on the
agenda for the October 18, 1999 meeting.