434
made a motion at 7:05 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into an executive session to
discuss property acquisition. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence at 10:15 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ona motion made by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires
a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements
by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that a supplemental appropriation was necessary for the salaries
of the part time employees providing security at the landfill. Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore that the appropriation be approved. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that a vote was necessary to determine whether the Board wanted
to hold a joint public hearing or public comment session with the IDA. After discussion,
Mr. Torrence made the motion seconded by Mr. Carter to have a joint Board of
Supervisors and IDA public comment session on July 13 at 7:00 P.M. in the High School
cafeteria and that the Board of Supervisors have a formal vote with regards to the IDA’s
recommendation on July 20 at its regular meeting. More discussion followed concerning
the difference between a public hearing and public comment session. Mr. Carwile stated
that his concern stemmed from the IDA’s request to proceed and that he wanted to have a
public hearing before giving the IDA permission to proceed. The other Board members
agreed that no decision would be made until the July 20 meeting and stated their
preference for the public comment session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.