526
Dr. Krug also informed the Board of the positions they need to upgrade and the
possibility of several new positions as well. The salary figure includes all benefits.
They are also including four (4) new buses and about $10,000 for a school
census that has to be done this next year. There are several other positions they
would like to have depending on the outcome of the Senate budget. The total
projected budget is $18,222,964.00. Dr. Krug also discussed the revenue side of
the budget.
There was a brief question and answer period with several comments being
made about placing a high priority on education for our students.
Mr. Carter stated he felt that the budget that has been put together should
enable the Board to see what is best for the County, keeping in mind that
education should be one of the highest priorities in the complex of the County
Government.
Mr. Armbrust stated that he can look to some Board members for instruction as
to how they have done things in the past and he can also educate and help them
see things in a different way, since he himself was a teacher.
Ms. Martin stated she would like to see things move forward as the last few
years have not been favorable to the School Board. If they have to make cuts, it
will have a devastating effect on the quality of education our children receive.
There was a lot of discussion regarding reading skills. A lot of the children are
not up to the reading and comprehensive levels as the majority of their
classmates.
Mr. Billy Perrow passed out information regarding the budget and stated that
this was subject to change. This version is based on the Governor's Proposed
Budget with Contingency Amendments. He stated they received revenue from
the Federal Government, the State Government, the Local Government and from
other ways of generating income. They also receive some funds through grant
programs.
The State Revenue comes in three types:
SOQ — Standard of Quality — these are things that must be done.
Incentive Group — program that the State wants localities to have.
These funds have to be used for specific purposes. Funds have to be
matched, but you can turn them down.
Categorical — no matching but are programmed for certain areas.