298
Width: 50 feet
Plat Recorded: 04/25/1979 Plat Book:2 Page 33-34
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board guarantees a clear and unrestricted
right-of-way, as described above, and any necessary easements for cuts, fills and
drainage, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virginia Department of
Transportation to improve said street to the prescribed minimum standards, funding said
improvements pursuant to §33.1-75.1, Code of Virginia, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution and a
county check in the amount of $35,000.00 representing the County’s revenue sharing
contribution to revenue sharing allocations in Fiscal Year 05-06 and fifty percent of the
Department’s cost estimate of $70,000.00 be forwarded to the Residency Administrator
of the Virginia Department of Transportation.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Request to Reduce Speed Limit on Route 24: As you will remember Reed
Johnson with the National Historical Park appeared before you at your last
meeting and requested you to support the concept of a hiking/biking trail along
Route 24. Mr. Johnson explained that in order for this concept to come about,
the speed limit would have to be lowered and VDOT would have to agree for the
construction to take place in VDOT right-of-way.
Mr. Craft stated he is not in favor of this request. He has not spoken to anyone in
particular regarding this matter, but those he has spoken to are not in favor of this.
They travel this road to and from work, shopping, etc., and feel this would create a
speed trap. Also, many trucks travel this route and they would have to gear down and
then try to get up enough speed to make it up some of the grades. He does not feel this
request would benefit the county at this time.
Mr. Conrad agreed with Mr. Craft's comment regarding the traffic hazard by truckers
having to try to regain speed for the uphill grades. Also, Mr. Johnson stated that this
would probably not take place for another ten years, so he does not feel this is
something we need to look into at this time.
Mr. Moore stated he has been approached by many residents of that portion of the
county and no one he has spoken to, is in favor of reducing the speed limit along this
section of Route 24. Mr. Moore also stated he would like to see the speed limit along
Route 26 lowered. The number of logging trucks traveling Route 26 at a high rate of
speed, is a bomb happening to explode.
Mr. Armbrust also agreed with the other members in not approving this reduced speed
zone.