Dr. Betty W. Siano
(Mrs. James)
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he was very concerned with the $1800.00 change order
for the baler building. Mr. Carwile asked if Mrs. Ferguson had received an answer to
why this change order was necessary.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she had not.
Mr. Carwile asked that Mrs. Ferguson continue to try to get an answer to this question.
Mr. Carwile then addressed the other members of the Board concerning Mr. Charles
Bub’s variance request. Mr. Carwile stated that he had a problem with one individual
telling you what you can do on your land. Mr. Carwile gave several examples of
instances where you could come right up to your property line with fences, etc. Mr.
Carwile continued that he had a problem with zoning when it comes home. Mr. Carwile
continued that he did not have a problem with the Planning Commission or the Board of
Zoning Appeals but he did have a problem when zoning comes home in a situation like
this that will impact a person that he cannot do something on his own land. Mr. Carwile
stated that he felt that it was up to the Board to be more responsive to look into something
to see what could be done to alleviate this hardship for people down the road.
Mr. Moore stated that the decision was made by following the code. Mr. Moore
continued that there was also a neighbor that was complaining about this request.
Mr. Moore stated that there had been some variances approved for side yard setbacks but
none as close to the property line as this one. Mr. Moore also stated that the individual
making the request did not attend the hearing therefore they received no input from him
concerning his petition.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Torrence began by stating that there were a lot of guests at this meeting that were
interested in the decision on the elementary school project and he would like to address
that at this time. Mr. Torrence explained that he and Mr. Cobb had just been through two
years of renovation at Prince Edward and they knew what it was like to try to teach
during this process. Mr. Torrence explained that the Board had a tough decision and he
would like to make some points concerning the proposal. Mr. Torrence stated that after
much discussion on the issues he felt that people were not considering what was best for
the children. Mr. Torrence continued that if we really look at this issue as what is best for
the children he feels it will be a little clearer as to what is right. Mr. Torrence stated that
we have an opportunity with delay because if a decision is not made and the project is
delayed by another year it will cost the taxpayer a half a million dollars. Mr. Torrence
continued that this half a million dollars could be used to renovate Carver Price School