614
interest at the applicable interest rate or rates on the Non-Subsidized Bonds.
(c) SunTrust Bank, Richmond, Virginia, is designated as Bond Registrar and Paying Agent for
the Non-Subsidized Bonds.
6. Prepayment or Redemption. The Principal Installments of the Non-Subsidized Bonds held
by the VPSA coming due on or before July 15, 2011, and the definitive Non-Subsidized Bonds for which
the Non-Subsidized Bonds held by the VPSA may be exchanged that mature on or before July 15,2011,
are not subject to prepayment or redemption prior to their stated maturities. The Principal Installments
of the Non-Subsidized Bonds held by the VPSA coming due after July 15, 2011, and the definitive bonds
for which the Non-Subsidized Bonds held by the VPSA may be exchanged that mature after July 15,
2011, are subject to prepayment or redemption at the option of the County prior to their stated maturities
in whole or in part, on any date on or after July 15, 2011, upon payment of the prepayment or redemption
prices (expressed as percentages of Principal Installments to be prepaid or the principal amount of the
Non-Subsidized Bonds to be redeemed) set forth below plus accrued interest to the date set for
prepayment or redemption:
Dates Prices
July 15, 2011 through July 14,2012 102%
July 15, 2012 through July 14, 2013 101
July 15, 2013 and thereafter 100
Provided, however, that the Non-Subsidized Bonds shall not be subject to prepayment or
redemption prior to their stated maturities as described above without first obtaining the written consent
of the registered owner of the Non-Subsidized Bonds. Notice of any such prepayment or redemption
shall be given by the Bond Registrar to the registered owner by registered mail not more than ninety (90)
and not less than sixty (60) days before the date fixed for prepayment or redemption.
7. Execution of the Non-Subsidized Bonds. The Chairman or Vice Chairman and the Clerk
or any Deputy Clerk of the Board are authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Non-Subsidized
Bonds and to affix the seal of the County thereto.
8. Filing of Resolution. The appropriate officers or agents of the County are hereby authorized
and directed to cause a certified copy of this Resolution to be filed with the Circuit Court of the County.
9. Further Actions. The members of the Board and all officers, employees and agents of the
County are hereby authorized to take such action as they or any one of them may consider necessary or
desirable in connection with the issuance and sale of the Non-Subsidized Bonds and any such action
previously taken is hereby ratified and confirmed.
10. Effective Date. This Supplemental Resolution shall take effect immediately.