38
used parts that are still usable for the mission field. They provide these goods world wide. In the
three (3) years they have been in operation they have shipped over $700,000,000 worth of life
saving products to 36 different countries around the world, including the United States. They are
considered a “quick response” for man made or natural disasters anywhere in the world and have
responded to every natural disaster in the United States including September 11, 2001. They are
proposing to move their Headquarters and warehouse that is now located about one mile west of
Appomattox in a leased building to this location. There would a 24,000 Sq. ft. of building with
3,000 sq. ft. of that being office complex. There would be four loading docks for incoming and
outgoing products. The land is presently zoned B-1 and they are asking for B-1 Conditional in
order to be able to provide for the storage unit that is presently owned by Mr. Bryant. They
would be purchasing that unit if the property is re-zoned. They expect to be good neighbors to
those around them. They do not propose to have a trashy looking building, as the building
represents who they are and we are going to have a building that represents us well. There will
be no hazardous materials around the building, nor will there be any medications or narcotics
stored on the property. Hopefully in the future this will become the International Headquarters
for the ministry.
Mr. Stidham called for additional comments for the petition. He also called for comments
against the petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Stidham read the next petition.
#02-501 - Ruby and Jerry Staton: Variance per §170-80 of the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance pertaining to side yard setback requirements. Property is located on Rt. 642 between
Rt. 727 and Dead End, Tax Map #76(2)6, and is zoned R-1.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against the petition.
Hearing none Mr. Stidham read the last petition.
Zoning Ordinance Amendment - Amend definition of “lot width” per §170-3 of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against the petition. Hearing none, Mr. Stidham turned
the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for a short recess.
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the Board Meeting and called for the ADMINISTRATIVE
ITEMS:
1. Action from Closed Session: There was no action taken to be discussed.
2. FY 03 Budget: At the last Board meeting some additional information was requested