469
Mr. Overstreet questioned if it was possible for anything to change after the meeting with
Campbell County on March 24, 2009? Mr. Roark stated that there should not be any
changes.
At 7:00 p.m. Chairman Conrad stated that the Board would adjourn the regular meeting
and convene for the public hearing on zoning petitions. Mr. Craft made a motion to
adjourn the regular meeting with Mr. Tanner seconding the motion. Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad reconvened the regular scheduled meeting at 7:10 p.m.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item # 1 — Planning Commission
Recommendation for Petition #CUP09001 for Gleaning for the World/Clayton Bryant Jr,
to place an off premise sign on property owned by Clayton Bryant Jr. at intersection of
Richmond Highway and Stage Road. Chairman Conrad stated that the Planning
Commission has recommended approval of this request with one condition which would
be to remove the sign if Gleaning for the World was to relocate or shut down. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion on this item.
Mr. Tanner stated that he felt that this was a very worth-while operation and that it was
good for the locality, nation and world and he was in favor of approving this petition.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve Petition CUP09001 to allow an off-premise sign.
Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion,
hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #2 — Technical Assistant to
Building Official and explained that Mr. Phillip Moore, Erosion & Sediment Control
Coordinator, has completed the Core Course, the Advanced Official Course, and the
Building Inspector Course which is required by the Virginia Department of Housing and
Community Development to perform duties as a building inspector which will allow Mr.
Hamlett, Building Official to use Phillip when the workload dictated or when he is out of
the office, Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that lately Phillip’s work has been on the slow side and he has been
able to help Mr. Hamlett.
Mr. Carter questioned if this would cause any conflict with Nottoway? Ms. Ferguson
stated that he was also doing this in Nottoway County.
Mr. Craft stated that this would also help with the budget.
Mr. Moore made a motion to approve Phillip Moore as Technical Assistant to the
Building Official. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Moore’s motion. Hearing no further