402
4. In the utilization of trainees or employees for activities funded through CIG’s the
Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox its contractors and designated
third parties shall take the following steps to utilize lower income persons residing
in the Project Area.
(a) The Board of Supervisors of the County ofAppomattox in
consultation with its contractors (including design professionals)
shall ascertain the types and number of positions for both trainees
and employees which are likely to be utilized during the project
funded by CIGs.
(b) The Board of Supervisors of the County ofAppomattox shall
Advertise through the following sources ‘
The Times-Virginian Newspaper
the availability of such positions with the information on how to apply.
(c) The Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, its
contractors, and designated third parties shall be required
to maintain a record on inquiries and application by project
area residents who respond to advertisements, and shall
maintain a record of the status of such inquires and applications.
(dq) _ To the greatest extent feasible, the Board of Supervisors of the
County ofAppomattox, its contractors, and designated third parties
shall utilize lower income project area residents in filling training
and employment positions necessary for implementing activities
funded by CIGs.
5. In order to ascertain substantial compliance with the above affirmative actions
and Section 3 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1968, the
Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox shall keep, and require to be
kept by contractors and designated third parties, listings of all persons employed
and all procurements made through the implication of activities funded by CIGs.
Such listings shall be completed and shall be verified by site visits and interviews,
crosschecking of payroll reports and invoices, and through audits if necessary.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. County Website: Mr. Spencer has been working with Ferenc Varga on creating
a County website. He would like to know what personal information you want
put on the website. Do you want to put your home address and private
telephone numbers put on this website?
Each of the Board members will provide this information to Mr. Spencer.
5. Planning Commission Recommendation from the May 15, 2006 Public
Hearing: The Planning Commission has submitted its recommendation for
Petition #CUP06005 — Michael J. Wirth from the. May 15, 2006 Public
Hearing.
CUP06005 — Michael J. Wirth: The applicant is requesting a conditional use
permit on property located on Swan Road (Route 600) between Pamplin Road