After discussion, and by consensus , the Board requested Sheriff
Richardson come back to the Board with a complete construction plan and
an employee plan.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Sheriff Richardson and called Janet
Belter, Treasurer to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Belter first requested that the Board of Supervisors approve t
budgeted $250,000.00 be put in the Capitol Improvement Account. M
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to transfer $250,000.
from the General Operating Fund into the Capital Improvement Account.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Belter next presented the Board with financial information for t
County.
After reviewing this information, Mr. Jamerson informed Mrs. Belt
that he understood that she had a matter for discussion in executi
session. Since the executive session was scheduled for later in t
meeting, Mr. Jamerson asked that Mrs. Belter leave her request with t
Board and assured her that the matter would be addressed in t
executive session.
Mrs. Belter agreed and thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs. Belter and called Mrs. Barba
Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court, to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Williams began by stating that she had three (3) request for t
Board which she would present one at a time.
Mrs. Williams first request was for permission to request bids for
file cabinet for the vault. The money for this is in her FY94 budge
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile for Mrs. Williams
go ahead and solicit bids for a file cabinet for the vault area. Vot
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, ay
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Williams second request was for shelving for Board Books. My
Williams presented a quote for $3,650.00 installed. Mr. Carwile made
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate $3,650.00 fy
unappropriated surplus to purchase shelving for books for the Clerk
Office. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Williams last request was for the Board to allow her to repla
her copy machine with a leased copy machine.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Williams was giv
permission to lease the new machine and trade-in the copier she now |]
using.
i—waere
ne
Ne
ra
he