009
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Hancock the following Resolution was Adopted:
RESOLUTION
AUTHORIZING ADOPTION OF EMERGENCY OPERATIONS PLAN FOR
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors for the County of Appomattox, Virginia, is greatly
concerned with the health, safety, and well-being of its citizens and desires that the best possible
emergency services by available to them: and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia Emergency Services and Disaster Law of 1973,
Chapter 34.2 of Title 44 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, requires that each city and
county in the Commonwealth maintain an Emergency Operations Plan (EOP) which addresses its
planned response to emergency situations; and
WHEREAS, such an EOP has been developed by County staff in coordination with the
Virginia Department of Emergency Services incorporating input from responsible local agencies.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia that, on the 16", of April, 2001, it does hereby officially adopt the revised and
current Appomattox County Emergency Operations Plan, to include plans and procedures fo both
peacetime and war-caused disasters.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Telecommunications Facilities Ordinance: At a Public Hearing held on April 2", 2001,
regarding this Ordinance, there were no comments made. Does the Board wish to adopt this
Ordinance at this time?
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the Telecommunications Facilities
Ordinance as presented as the public hearing on April 2"4, 2001. (See April, 2001 Board File or
County Zoning Ordinance Book) VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
5. FCCLA Funding Request: The Appomattox County High School Senior Chapter of Family,
Career and Community Leaders of America is requesting a donation to help with expenses to be
incurred while attending a National Competition to be held in Anaheim, California in July, 2001.
Mr. Carwile questioned if there were any funds available for this type of donation. Mr. Carroll stated
that the Board last year decided not to make any donations not included in the budget. There is
money in the budget under Special Projects.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to table this item until a
future meeting and a review of similar considerations has been made. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.