366
Further recommendations are for not granting a waiver to allow for a private
water and sewer system without the system being engineered and approved by the
Health Department. Staff also questions howa future failure of a privately owned
sewer or water system would be addressed.
Mr. Carwile stated the Board was waiting for the decision of Town Council before
making any decision on this petition. This project seems to be what this Board has been
looking for as an instrument to increase our tax base in order to keep our real estate tax
rate down. He sees this as a healthy project to help keep our taxes lower. As he sees it,
this project would not affect our infrastructure as it will be an adult community only. He
wonders if the Town Council sees something there that he does not see.
Mrs. Warner read a prepared statement concerning the development.
After a lengthy discussion regarding the private water and sewer system and the personal
property tax vs real estate taxes, this item was tabled until the September 23" meeting
with Town Council.
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda.
3. Proposed Ordinance Revision — Mobile Homes as Accessory Buildings:
On August 18, 2003 the Board began a public hearing regarding this proposed
change to the County ordinance. The change would have amended §170-82 of the
County Code. The motion to send to public hearing was rescinded. The Board
needs to make a determination on the action it wishes to take, if any, on this
proposed ordinance. Options are: 1) Take no action, 2) approve amendment as
written and send back to public hearing or 3) modify the amendment and send to
public hearing.
Mr. Carwile stated that although the public hearing was not held as originally scheduled,
the citizens had come to the meeting prepared to speak for or against this ordinance. They
were allowed to do so. There is no way he can support this ordinance after all the
negative responses stated.
It was the consensus of the Board not to adopt the proposed change to §170-83 of the
Appomattox County Code.
4. Courthouse Project: The Courthouse Committee met on September 9" and
recommended that the Board request an extension of time for construction delays
caused by the unusually wet weather this year. Judge Poston has tentatively
scheduled a meeting for September 25" for the County to provide an update on
the project. The committee would like for Judge Poston to consider granting the
time extension at this hearing. The Committee is also hopeful the connector plans
will be finalized by that date and Judge Poston would also agree to amend his
previous order to allow for the construction of the connector building between the
old and new courthouse buildings.