640
historic buildings but they were granted on a 50/50 basis. Mrs. Ferguson continued that
the money could only be used for restoration and the County would have to pay cash as
their 50 percent.
Mr. Craddock asked the Board to please consider participating in the Regional
Renaissance Program because he felt this would be a great benefit to the entire region.
Mr. Bosiger informed the Board that Virginia Fibre had scheduled the plant tour and
dinner for May 20, 1999 at 5:00 P.M. to begin at their Riverville Plant.
Mr. Bosiger explained that he needed the Board to pass a resolution concerning the
Industrial Access Road into the Industrial Park.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
At a reconvened meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held on
March 22, 1999, on a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Torrence, the following
resolution was adopted by a vote of 5 to 0:
WHEREAS, the Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County, Virginia has
acquired property located in the County of Appomattox for the purpose of industrial
development; and
WHEREAS, this property is expected to be the site of new private capital investment in
land, building, and manufacturing equipment which will provide substantial employment:
and
WHEREAS, the subject property has no access to a public street or highway and will
require the construction of a new roadway to connect with State Route 26; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox hereby guarantees that the necessary right of
way for this new roadway and utility relocations or adjustments, if necessary, will be
provided at no cost to the Virginia Department of Transportation;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT: The Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby agrees to provide a surety or bond, acceptable to and payable to the
Virginia Department of Transportation, in the full amount of the cost of the road; this
surety shall be exercised by the Department of Transportation in the event that sufficient
qualifying investment does not occur on parcels 1 and 6 within three years of the
Commonwealth Transportation Board’s allocation of funds pursuant to this request.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT: The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby agrees that the new roadway so constructed will be added to and become a part of
the Secondary System of Highways.