417
help in any area he is needed. Mr. Tanner also stated that during his first year on the board he
felt it was a good learning experience and feels that he contributed some good for the county and
he will try to continue to do so.
Chairman Conrad explained that the Board needed to adopt the rules and regulations for the New
Year. Last year the Board adopted Roberts Rules of Order Newly Revised for small Board
allowing the Chairman to make and second motions.
Chairman Conrad stated that he felt that these rules and regulations had served the Board well
and he would now take discussion on this issue. Hearing no discussion, Mr. Carter made a
motion to adopt the Robert Rules of Order Newly Revised. Mr. Craft seconded the motion. Vote:
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
It was the consensus of the Board that Ms. Ferguson would continue as the clerk of the Board for
2009.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of meeting dates. Chairman Conrad explained that the
enclosed calendar does not include two meeting dates that the Town of Appomattox has
requested a joint meeting with the Board. Those two dates are January 27” and July 28",
Chairman Conrad asked the Board to consider this request.
Mr. Craft explained that the School Board has scheduled a Town meeting on January 27” and
has invited the Board to attend. Mr. Craft feels the Board should support the School Board
al during this scheduled meeting. Mr. Craft suggested that the Board wait until the waterline has
another meeting and schedule a date after that.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Craft on if he would like to meet with the Town on the July date that
was provided. Mr. Craft stated yes that he did not see any conflicts with that date.
Chairman Conrad stated that it was a suggestion that the Board continue with the July meeting
and prior to that meeting if the Board feels they should not meet it would be discussed at that
time.
Chairman Conrad questioned if the Board still wished to continue holding their meetings in the
same meeting places as the previous year.
Mr. Craft stated that he would like to see the meetings continue as they had the previous year. He
feels it is less work on employees to have meetings here in the County Administrator’s office
which stays set up and requires less work.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to see all public meetings held at the Appomattox
Community Center. Mr. Carter stated that he feels that workshops would be fine to hold in this
meeting room but not public meetings.
" Mr. Carter stated that there are several reasons as to why he feels that all the meetings should be
held at the Community Center. Mr. Carter explained that the Community Center can hold more