487
300,000 gallons that is laying in the lines coming from Rustburg. Mr. Dickerson stated that they
are thinking about running their tank at half capacity which works for them but is an issue for
Appomattox,
Mr. Dickerson stated that he is confident that in running the water models Appomattox will be
able to have 750 gallons of water a minute and maybe even at 1000 gallons a minute without
having a pump station in the Concord area at the current demand that Concord has and the
demand that Appomattox would have. As the demand picks up we will have to have a pump
station to be online and running, but when the pump station is online and running it must have
somewhere to run to and you must also have control systems in order to control the speed so that
it is not trying to deliver 900 gallons a minute every time it cuts on. If we have a tank to be filled
that will work and traditionally that is what has been done.
Mr. Dickerson stated that to keep additional cost down you could do two different things. One
with stimulus funds, run the water line and not have a pump station or tank or hopefully get
enough funds to have a pump station and tank and not turn them on but bypass them and not
even put water in the tank, because with water in the tank what are we going to do with the water
with only 51 customers and the Health Department telling you that you must tum the water over
every two days.
Mr. Dickerson stated that we may use about 15 thousand gallons of water a day which would
take 20 days to turn over the system, which the Health Department is not going to allow, so you
will be looking at wasting some water periodically to keep the water fresh in the line.
Mr. Dickerson stated that the preliminary engineering report will show that Hurt & Proffitt is
proposing a pump station with tank in the Spout Spring area that would provide pressure for fire
flow.
Mr. Dickerson stated that Hurt & Proffitt has not started on the approved Master Plan due to
finishing the application to submit to the Health Department, but this report should give some
idea of what we are dealing with as of now in terms of the main line from Concord to the Town.
Mr. Roark stated that the Board needs to consider in the Master Plan how much and where you
want to expand the water project. Mr. Roark stated that you would have to expand to make it
more favorable to work and we have got to have customers and the Board needs to consider
where you want to go financially with this project.
Mr. Roark stated that the Board could survey citizens in the potential areas of possible water
connection and see who is interested.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he has received a letter from the Health Department stating that 29
documented wells have gone dry within the Route 460 Corridor and also 19 drain fields have
failed in the same area. Mr. Dickerson stated that it is not a health issue at this time, but we have