558
WHEREAS, the County has constructed a new public recreational park facility now being serve by this
section of Route 613, and
WHEREAS, this section of Route 613 serves an area of anticipated significant future industrial growth in
Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, this section of Route 613 currently functions as part of the important link between primary
Route 460 and primary Route 26 in Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, due to recent improvements to nearby feeder routes, this section of Route 613 now serves as one
of the more important intra-county travel corridors in Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, due to the anticipated increased traffic to be generated by the current and projected growth
along this section of Route 613, the current functional classification of Rural Minor Collector is no longer deemed
sufficient for this section of Route 613.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Board requests that the Virginia Department of
Transportation re-evaluate the current functional classification of Route 613, between Route 460 and Route 660, and
that this section of Route 613 be functionally re-classified as a Rural Major Collector.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Central Virginia Disabilities Services Board Appointment: Martha
McGinnis is requesting that Appomattox County appoint a local government
employee to serve on the CVDSB.
Recommendation is to appoint John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator, to
serve on the CVDSB representing Appomattox County.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint John Spencer, Assistant
County Administrator to serve on the CVDSB representing Appomattox County. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
3. Memorandum of Understanding with Amherst County: We have received
a second Memorandum of Understanding between Appomattox County and
Amherst County for your review and acceptance. Mr. Overstreet, County
Attorney, has been working with Tom Shrader, Amherst County Attorney, on this
agreement and feels that everything is in order.
Mr. Craft questioned Item 1. — Community Based Corrections Plan and Planning
Study: ........ but should also look at the need for holding cells in Appomattox.
Ms, Ferguson stated that upon the approval of this Second Memorandum of
Understanding by the Board, they are also giving her permission to sign this document
on behalf of the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Overstreet discussed the limit of responsibility, and stated that Appomattox will also
have a voice in the acreage and cost of the site.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the acceptance of this
Second Memorandum of Understanding with Amherst County and to authorize Ms.