257
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held in the old
J & D Courtroom immediately following the Public Hearing We will begin a hearing of
each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to
speak for and /or against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes
whether speaking as an individual or as representative of a group or organization.
However, should the number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10),
the time will be adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the hearing over to Mr. Spencer, who read the only petition to be
considered.
Petition #05-558 — James Womack: The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use
Permit to allow the sale of utility trailers on Richmond Highway (Route 460) between
Mountain Cut Road (Route 695) and Old Evergreen Road (Route 630). The subject
property, identified as Tax Map Number 90(A)5, is 4.47 acres in size and is zoned
Agricultural District A-1. If granted, it would become a Conditional Use in that zoning
district and thus amend the County Zoning Ordinance (Section 170-25).
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Spencer then asked if anyone wished to speak in opposition to this petition.
Since there was no one to speak for or against this petition, Mr. Spencer turned the
meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:02 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adjourn the Public
Hearing. VOTE: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes — 2
absent)
sPramusl2. Cortes —
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, December 5, 2005, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox Town Council held a joint meeting at the Appomattox County Community
Center, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT: (Town Council)
Ronnie Spiggle — Mayor