081
Mr. Bosiger then stated that the post office had requested that the County name Route
642 in order to decrease the number of citizens that would have to have their mailing
addresses changed.
Mr. Carter volunteered to contact the people living on this route and get a consensus for a
road name.
Mr. Moore joined the meeting at 7:52 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from the Civil Rights in Education Heritage Trail
committee for participation in a grant from VDOT in the amount of $200,000.00. Mr.
Bosiger explained that a match in the amount of $40,000.00 was necessary before they
could except this grant. Mr. Bosiger continued that the committee was requesting a
portion of this $40,000.00 from the localities along the trail.
After discussion no action was taken.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Moore explained that he had been speaking with Ann Dixon concerning the
recreation department using the Courtland field and he understands that there are some
holes that need to be filled before the recreation department could use the field. Mr.
Moore asked if the maintenance department could get with Mrs. Dixon and take care of
this?
Mrs. Ferguson stated she would look into this matter.
Mr. Carter then gave a report on the Appomattox Town Council meeting.
Mr. Torrence asked if a policy were necessary concerning the open reading of letters at a
meeting of the Board?
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that letters would not be
read into the record at Board meetings.
Mr. Torrence then provided several handouts dealing with solutions for citizen concerns
with the use of the old elementary school if a new school is constructed.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary for consultation with
legal counsel.
At 8:05 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.