to another category. This is something Mr. Carroll just became aware of this week and was asking
ifthe Board wanted to break down the School Budget in this manner or continue as we have in the
past. If you approve the budget by categories, then the School Board will have to approve these
figures to be sure they have them broken down in the correct categories.
By approving the School Budget by categories, the Board of Supervisors have a better picture of
where the funds are being spent.
Mr. Kendrick stated he would like to leave things as they are this year and maybe consider
categorizing for next year. Since we are well into this budget process he would like to get it finalized
as soon as possible.
Mr. Carwile agrees with Mr. Kendrick.
The Board agreed to wait until next year to have the School Board categorize their Budget.
2) Library:
At the last meeting, Mr. Carroll is not sure he was as clear as he should have been. Essentially, there
is aminimum amount of local funding. The only reason we see what categories and line items they
are actually in, is because we actually pay the bills. Ultimately, the Library Board could say, “we
want our own checking account, transfer to us the local amount and we will write our own checks”,
then the Board of Supervisors would never see what those bills were for, much like the School Board
does. The Library could then do a monthly appropriation request or do a monthly financial report as
the School does. However, we do have to have that minimum level of funding.
However, the Board does pay the water, sewer and electric services for the Library and that counts
as our match, essentially $95,000 a year. The Board can say, we will fund the $95,000 and still pay
for those common governmental funds which amounts to another $7,000 or they could say $95,000
and the library pay for the utilities.
There were some questions, regarding the State funding without being locked into an increasing level
based on each year, we probably need to look at something like what Mr. Carroll is proposing, and
that is $145,000 but only appropriating $95,000 on July 1*, until we get the State funds. If we do not
receive State funds, then we do not appropriate more than the $95,000. And if we do not receive
Town funds, then we do not appropriate that amount either. As long as the Library Board is aware
of this, they should not obligate themselves beyond those means.
The other thing is, that fines, fees and grants do not count against the local match. Mr. Carroll
recommends the Board continue to supplement these funds.
The Board decided to fund the Library at $95,000 with the Library paying its own utilities.
By taking out this $32,731 the new budget figure $138,229.
3) Contributions - 7109: