550
Bid Tabulations: D. S. Nash Construction Co. $80,900.00
Shearin Construction Co. $117,861.80
Pearson Construction Co. $80,740.00
Mr. Fred Kruschwitz and Mr. Gary Gilliam came forward and gave a brief
explanation of the property and where the recreational areas are being placed.
They also brought the Board up to speed on exactly what has already been done
and what is being worked on at the present time.
VDOT is getting closer to constructing the entrance road. Gary Gilliam is working
on the Frisbee Golf Course and he, Mr. Kruschwitz, is putting together the T-ball
fields, and the parking lots.
The RFP had requested a base price excluding a performance bond and also a
price including the performance bond. He also explained that there was an error
in the bid from Pearson, which has been corrected. Even with the correction
Pearson was still the low bid - $80,740.00. They are suggesting that Pearson
Construction Company be awarded the contract for the Soccer and Football
Fields.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to accept the bid from
Pearson Construction of $80,740.00 for the construction of the Soccer and
Football Fields at the Appomattox Community Park. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Wayne Phelps to address the Board.
Mr. Phelps has asked for this meeting with the Board regarding the proposed war
memorial placement and request funding for this project. Mr. Phelps will also
address some small repairs that need to be done on the Confederate Statue on
the Courthouse lawn.
Mr. Phelps reported that over the years some of the cannonballs have “walked
off”. The cannonballs are about 140 years old. The SCV is requesting
permission to replace these with replicas and place the original ones in the
museum. The SCV will take care of the cost of this project. Also, the flag poles
were repainted on Friday with Mr. Moore’s permission.
It was the consensus of the Board, that the SCV and Mr. Phelps be allowed to
remove the remaining cannonballs, replace them with replicas and place the
originals in the museum.