136
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation, followed by
the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter stated the first item on the agenda was Setting of the Agenda:
Item 29 - A closed session was added — Legal Matter
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen’s Public Comments Session: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to speak at this time. Having no one to speak Mr.
Carter moved on to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 6)
1. Appomattox River Bridge: The Department of Historic Resources has
received a completed nomination to consider the Appomattox River Bridge for
the National Register of Historic Places and for inclusion in the Virginia
Landmarks Register. Marc Christian Wagner, Register Program Manager is
asking that you review and comment on the enclosed nomination.
Mr. Carter stated this was a very nice surprise. He asked for comments from the
members.
Mr. Conrad stated that in reading this information, he feels this is a very interesting
situation and we should take pride in the fact that we do have a bridge in the County to
be designated as such.
By consensus the Board agreed to give favorable comments for the placing of the
Appomattox River Bridge to be nominated for placement on the National Register of
Historic places and inclusion in the Virginia Landmarks Register.
2. Appomattox County Animal Pound Change Order #2: Dominion Seven
Architects has submitted a change order for the Animal Pound for the drain
system that was discussed at a previous meeting.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve Change Order #2 for the
Appomattox County Animal Pound. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Policy Implementation for Waste Separation at the Landfill: Ms.
Rockefeller is requesting that the Board adopt a policy for waste separation at
the landfill. The reason for this policy is in order to attempt to meet the
recycling mandates that have been established by the State.