534
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Two members of the FCCLA from the Appomattox High School were scheduled to appear before
the Board on behalf of their organization. Due to illness, they will not be here tonight. This will be
rescheduled for the June 4" meeting.
Mr. Kendrick asked if any supervisors had a concern he wished to address at this time.
No concerns at this time.
Mr. Kendrick stated the Board would then address the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Redistricting: The Board has the Redistricting Ordinance to consider for adoption.
However, Mr. Kendrick felt it appropriate to address this item after the Redistricting Public
Hearing scheduled for 7:15 P.M.
2. Robinson, Farmer & Cox: Robinson, Farmer & Cox has submitted a proposal to continue
performing the County’s auditing services and also to perform the GASB34 implementation.
Mr. Carroll is proposing that the Board accept these proposals and authorize him, as County
Administrator, to execute both of these contracts.
There was an in-depth discussion of the services performed during audits and is the Board could
request a more precise audit of any one particular department or subject? There were also some
questions regarding the GASB34 contract.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to accept the proposals of Robinson, Farmer &
Cox to perform the County’s auditing services and also to give Mr. Carroll the authority to execute
said contracts. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Joint Meeting with the Town of Appomattox: The Town would like to schedule a
meeting with the Board to discuss the Fire Department Contributions and conduct a tour of
the sewer treatment plant. Does the Board have any items to add to the agenda and any dates
for consideration?
Mr. Carter has requested that the Water Study be added to the agenda.