Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Torrence to provide further information.
Mr. Torrence began by explaining that at the previous public forum and evaluation of two
sites were presented the Wilbun site and the Bryant site. Mr. Torrence continued that at
the public forum another site surfaced and the committee again had comparisons done
between these two sites the Courtland site and the Bryant site. Mr. Torrence stated that
after carefull study the Bryant site still appeared to be the best site for the proposed
elementary school. Mr. Torrence provided the pros and cons of both sites. Mr. Torrence
then asked Mr. Earl Dickerson to provide site development information.
Mr. Dickerson began by stating that from a civil engineering standpoint the sites were
basically the same in terms of the cost to develop. Mr. Dickerson then ran through the
comparison of the two sites highlighting the major differences in the two sites.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Blair Smith to provide the cost comparisons for the total
project.
Mr. Smith began that his purpose was to show the total project costs for the various
projects. Mr. Smith provided an overhead that gave the various costs estimates.
Mr. Carter then called for comments on the information that had been provided.
Mrs. Renee Hoffman came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 370,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Hoffman began that she wished to speak first because her
children were at a swim meet at the Country Club and she would need to leave as soon as
possible. Mrs. Hoffman continued that a lot of the parents that are concerned with this
project are at the swim meet and were therefore unable to attend. Mrs. Hoffman
continued that these parents were all in support of a new school. She stated that these
were the parents that were in the schools frequently. That these were the parents that had
gone to get their children out of school early on the very hot days and not sent them on
certain days. She continued that these were the parents that sat on safety committees,
they are the ones that are right there with the teachers and the kids. She assured the
Board that these parents are in favor of a new school. Mrs. Hoffman encouraged the
Board to please not cut corners on the proposal.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Nina Beasley came forward and gave her address as Appomattox, Virginia.
Mrs. Beasley continued that she lived on Route 691 and had no problem with the Board
building a new school. Mrs. Beasley continued that her concern was with the traffic that
would increase on Route 691 if the Bryant site were chosen for the new school. Mrs.
Beasley continued that there were a lot of people on Route 691 that would be messed up
if the Bryant site were chosen. Mrs. Beasley continued that when she came to the public
forum she asked how many school buses would be routed in this area and that she was
told 22, but after checking she finds that there will be 45 twice a day. In closing Mrs.