612
honorable purposes as the Board. They give of their time, their energy and their money in order
to improve the lives and prosperity of Appomattox citizens, those now here and those to come in
the future. They have empowered and entrusted the Board with the responsibility of
representing their interests.
Mr. Wilson further stated that the citizens feel they are handicapped by the scarcity of factual
information in a timely manner. They receive only a copy of the agenda and that is only
available at the time of the Board Meeting. He feels the citizens have a right to have access to
the information contained in the “Board Packet” received by the Board Members, Staff and at
time the news media. He is, therefore, proposing the Board of Supervisors consider adopting a
resolution that would give the citizens access to the items for consideration at least one week
prior to the Board Meeting. This information could be made available at the County Library or
the County Administrator’s Office.
Mr. Wilson also requested to be placed on the agenda for the September meeting.
Ms. Mary Dickey: Ms. Dickey stated she was not trying to fuss, she is just trying to voice her
opinion. She feels we all have the option to take advantage of stating our opinions. As a 19 year
old citizen she was very disappointed and concerned when she read that the Board of
Supervisors voted to spend $25,000 to research the waterline from Lynchburg to Appomattox.
We are all hard working citizens and $25,000 is nothing to “sneeze” at. If we could receive
money through a grant as a Public Service Authority, why didn’t we take the time to form the
authority before spending this $25,000. She is sure there are plenty of citizens willing to serve
on this Board. Maybe you should consider those who always write letters to the editor and show
up at these meetings before you place your votes. This is not the first time the Supervisors have
done something that the majority of the citizens disagree with. Are the Supervisors not elected to
serve the will of the people. She complemented Mr. Armbrust on “being level headed and not
jumping to the first opportunity to throw our money down the drain” and remembering to keep
our options open on a very controversial issue. She also complimented John Wilson, Dr. Siano,
Mr. Wade Adams and others who have all encouraged her to speak her voice, especially because
she is young, and perhaps some of you will listen to her rather than the older retired citizens.
She asked the Board to remember a statement Mr. Wilson made to her today — “Government
exists to provide services that we need collectively”.
Mr. Carter asked if there was anyone else present who wished to speak at this time. Hearing
none, Mr. Carter moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-7)
1. Request for Musical/Entertainment Festival Permit: Mr. & Mrs. Ken Swanson are
requesting a permit to hold a music festival on September 4° on Route 630 in
Evergreen. This matter was held over from the July meeting to allow further research.
Mr. Spencer stated that staff recommends that the bond be waived for this event but the
permit fee of $25.00 per day be charged. In the past, Mr. & Mrs. Swanson have been
notified that the Board may request a reporting on this event. It is suggested that the
Board request a financial report be submitted to the Board of Supervisors.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the festival
permit for Mr. & Mrs. Swanson and waive the bond requirement but charge a $25.00 daily fee
and require a financial report after this event is over. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye vote)