630
Mr. Zachau’s son-in-law came forward and explained that his in-laws were making this
request because the cottage they had purchased on this property was not convenient for
his 91 year old mother-in-law to get around in. He stated that her rooms were upstairs
and that she could not join the family because she could not maneuver the stairs without
considerable help. He said they needed to build another home to have things accessible
due to these health problems.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none and being no further petitions, Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing
closed at 8:00 P.M.
Paro Wb erp
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on March
15, 1999 at 8:15 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter —- Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (late due to attending the Planning
Commission Meeting)
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 8:15 P.M. and explained that Mr. Moore would
be in the Planning Commission meeting and had told him to go ahead with the business at
hand.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mrs. Ferguson had spoken with Lannis Selz, Chairman,
School Board and that he felt guidelines should be established in order that the Oversite
Committee would know what is required of them. Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had
suggestions for guidelines for this committee?
Hearing no comments, Mr. Bosiger moved on to the next item, Convention/Education
request. Mr. Bosiger explained that the Registrar was requesting permission to attend the
State Board of Elections workshop and have the Board pay her expenses, which would be
approximately $150.00.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve for the Registrar to
attend the State Board of Elections workshop and pay expenses from 1101. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.