090
the forest. Mr. Cook continued that we had been very fortunate this last year with no
insect infestation and no ice storms to damage the forest. Mr. Cook stated that the seed
orchards have been expanded and that 273 acres have been purchased and added to the
State forestlands. Mr. Cook then presented the Board with a check in the amount of
$19,955.64 which is the County’s 25% of the gross revenues from the State forest.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Cook and asked Mr. Jim Bowles and Mr. Gary
Gilliam with the Health Department to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bowles began by explaining that his purpose for meeting with the Board was to go
over some changes in Health Department regulations dealing with septic systems. Mr.
Bowles explained that there were actually two different sets of regulations. He continued
that at the present time one set was actually policy at the present time but would soon be
regulation and they are what are called authorized on site soil evaluations or AOSE. Mr.
Bowles explained that the legislature in this last session required the Health Department
to come up with a program for private sector soil consultants to do soil evaluations for
septic systems due to the backlog with the health departments. Mr. Bowles explained
that now the health department would except soil work from AOSE’s and issue permits
based on the paperwork submitted from these people without fieldwork by the health
department. Mr. Bowles stated that another change in the regulations is the way the
Health Department deals with subdivisions. Mr. Bowles stated that the only way they
will accept information on subdivision plans would be through the County. Mr. Bowles
continued that the regulations put minimum requirements for the plans that have not been
in effect before. Mr. Bowles explained that one example of this was that topography
would be required to be shown on the plans. Mr. Bowles continued that the second set
of regulations was a revised on-site sewerage disposal regulation. Mr. Bowles stated that
these regulations would become effective October 1“. Mr. Bowles explained that there
are three main impacts that will be noticed locally. The First is in the design of the septic
tank construction. The new system will require an inspection port with an effluent filter
to encourage pre-maintenance. Mr. Bowles stated that second was the separation
between ditches and the rock and water table. Mr. Bowles stated now the minimum
separation will be 18” in order to protect groundwater. Mr. Bowles said that this could
cause some problems locally. Mr. Bowles stated that this could allow the health
department to permit some systems that could not have been permitted prior to the
changes however, the systems will be more expensive due to sand filter requirements
between the tank and the drainfield. In closing Mr. Bowles presented the County with a
copy of the new regulations.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Bowles and Mr. Gilliam and called on Ms. Sharon
Harrup, Executive Director, STEPS, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Harrup came forward and explained that she had requested an appointment with the
Board to provide STEPS annual report. Ms. Harrup explained that their program was
expanding at a rapid rate and that the had purchased another building. Ms. Harrup
provided information as to STEPS progress over the past year and thanked the Board for