054
present site was still suitable for an elementary school. Ms. Gilliam continued by
explaining her reasons for wanting a new school on a different site. Ms. Gilliam also
presented ideas for the use of the present facility.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Ms. Joanne Matthews to appear before the Board.
Ms. Matthews was not present therefore Mr. Bosiger called on Ms. Nancy Williams to
appear before the Board.
Ms. Nancy Williams came forward and gave her address and Route 4 Box 264,
Appomattox, Virginia. Ms. Williams stated that she is one of many teachers who teach at
the elementary school. Ms. Williams continued that the staff at A-E.S. was focused on
seeing the children succeed and asked the Board to give them a school that would help
them succeed. Ms. Williams was not in favor of renovation due to the effect the
disruption will have on the children. Ms. Williams asked the Board to invest in education
now and give the school the building that they need.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mrs. Renee Martin to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Martin began by stating her address as Route 1 Box 2993, Spout Spring, Virginia.
Mrs. Martin continued that she would like to talk about the history of discussion
concerning the elementary school facility. Mrs. Martin continued that approximately six
years ago discussion was begun with the School Board about the elementary school.
Mrs. Martin stated that she had listened to an audio transcript of a meeting held three
years ago on October 2, 1996 between the Board of Supervisors and the School Board
about construction versus renovation of the elementary school. Mrs. Martin continued
that Mr. Carwile was quoted as saying “Never, Never would he consider renovation over
new construction with the numbers this close.” Mrs. Martin continued that Mr. Carwile
also said, “that the bucks would be spent more wisely in new construction”. Mrs. Martin
stated that now less than three years later Mr. Carwile was questioning the numbers that
independent architects and engineers have given. Mrs. Martin continued by listing
numerous reasons that renovation was not ideal. Mrs. Martin then gave three reasons
why she felt a new building was best, 1) Cost! The numbers show that new construction
will cost less initially and in the long term. 2) Location! A new building would give
fewer traffic issues. The school would no longer be subject to foot traffic in the schools
by people who do not belong there. 3) Historic Preservation! If a new school were built
the present building could be useful to the community. Mrs. Martin stated that the
building could remain a symbol to future generations. Mrs. Martin suggested that Mrs.
Price’s name could be used on the building once again. Mrs. Martin asked the Board to
not let their decision be political.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Rev. Curtis Elliott to appear before the Board.
Rev. Elliott came forward and stated that he was the pastor of three churches in
Appomattox County, Mt. Zion, Jordan, and Canaan Baptist Church. Rev. Elliott stated
that serving as pastor of four churches gave him the rare opportunity to come in contact
=