138
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board was moving too fast. He continued that he did
not know how many citizens might be for it or against it but he felt they should have an
opportunity to voice their opinions. Mr. Carwile continued that it was their County and
their Courthouse and he would like to have their input into it from the citizens before a
decision was made. Mr. Carwile stated that he would not go with the other members of
the Board on this.
Mr. Phelps stated that people had been mighty upset in the county for the last three or
four years but he felt the Board did not need to move against the putting of the flag on the
statue. Mr. Phelps continued that he could take the flag holders off the Confederate
statue if the Board wished but he did not feel it would do the Board any good by doing
that.
Mr. Bosiger stated that personally he would like to see the motion say that the flags could
be flown on special occasions of historical significance with permission of the Board.
Mr. Bosiger continued but that to allow anyone to fly a flag anytime they wanted was not
something he felt should be allowed.
Mr. Moore stated that would give the Board some control and he felt that was important.
Discussion continued.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow only
three flags be flown on County property, the State flag, The U.S. flag and the County
flag.
Discussion continued.
After the discussion, Mr. Bosiger amended the motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that
each request for use of the Confederate flag on County property, be brought before the
Board on a case by case basis for consideration. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a vote on the original motion.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Phelps and called upon Mr. Bill Slagle to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Slagle began that as Chairman of the L.D.A. he appeared before the Board to take
care of several housekeeping items involved with the industrial park.
Mr. Slagle continued that the first item was a request that the EDA grant funds and the
matching funds be kept in a separate account for auditing purposes.