506
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence next asked if any Supervisor had matters for discussion.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he had attended a meeting at Hebron
Church concerning the school bus accident which had recently occurred
on Route 460 at Spout Spring. Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Lawson, County
Attorney, if there was anything the Board of Supervisors could do to
encourage the use of flashing lights on any bus stopped in the highway -
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
for Mrs. Ferguson to write letters to Senator Holland and Delegate
Abbitt asking for legislation to require school buses use flashing
lights at any time when stopped on the highway. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Paulette stated that he feels that the Board needs to do some long
range planning for capitol and equipment needs. Mr. Paulette feels
that a letter should be written requesting the Constitutional Officers
and Department Heads to forecast their future needs for planning
purposes.
Mr. Carwile next mentioned that he was concerned that a container site
for Wreck Island District had not been located.
Discussion followed concerning suggested locations for "super" sites in
Evergreen, Pamplin and Stonewall to have ready for discussion at the
November 1994 meeting.
Mr. Torrence next asked Mrs. Ferguson if she had drafted the notice to
the public on the Middle School issue.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the draft for Board approval.
After discussion and correction, the Board by consensus, approved a
final document to present to the public.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to present the convention requests.
Mrs. Ferguson presented requests from Sabrina Smith, Registrar to
attend the Registrar’s Annual Meeting and Bill Caldwell, Building
Official to attend Building Officials School and Conference.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve for
Sabrina Smith to attend the Registrar’s Annual Meeting and Bill
Caldwell to attend the Building Officials School and Conference. Vote
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request for an appropriation from the
Courthouse Maintenance Fund.