410
or condition (directly or indirectly) to repay any amount or for the benefit of the County.
Section 3. The maximum principal amount of the Bonds expected to be issued for the
School Projects is $9,000,000.
Section 4. The maximum principal amount of the Bonds expected to be issued for the
Courthouse Project is $2,700,000.
Section 5. |The County will make a reimbursement allocation, which is written allocation
by the County that evidences the County’s use of proceeds of the Bonds to reimburse an Expenditure,
no later than 18 months after the later of the date on which the Expenditure is paid or the Project is
placed in service or abandoned, but in no event more than three years after the date on which the
Expenditure is paid. The County recognizes that exceptions are available for certain “preliminary
expenditures,” costs of issuance, certain de minimis amounts, expenditures by “small issuers” (based
on the year of issuance and not the year of expenditure) and expenditures for construction projects
of at least 5 years.
Section 6. — This resolution shall take effect immediately upon its passage.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mayor Spiggle has discussed the need to have another joint session between the Town and the
County. The proposed date is November 27" at 6:00 P.M. at the Babcock House. The format will be
dinner and a business meeting to follow.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to hold a joint session with the Town on
November 27" at 6:00 P.M. at the Babcock House. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Department of Emergency Services has asked the County to adopt a Statewide Mutual Aid for
Emergency Management Model Resolution. This resolution would allow Appomattox County to
send and receive assistance from other counties during the time of an emergency. It would also allow
any expenses to be charged against FEMA grants. There is no obligation to send or ask for assistance
but merely puts into place a network that could possibly be used in case of a disaster.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the Statewide Mutual Aid for
Emergency Management Model Resolution. (See October 2000 Board File) VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At the October 2TM meeting the Board discussed making a donation to America’s Promise for a
Community of Promise Celebration. After much researching, Mr. Carroll could not determine if this
donation had been made in the past and according to Board policy, funding would not be approved
unless such projects were already in the Budget.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to not make a donation to America’s Promise at