3
(e) The Board may by resolution, when necessary, change the time and place of the
regular meeting. The resolution shall set forth the circumstances necessitating such
change. Notice of such change shall be posted in a public location at which notices are
regularly posted, or in the office of the Clerk to the Board at least three working days
prior to the meeting to be held pursuant to the change, and published once in a
newspaper, of general circulation in the county, at least seven days prior to the meeting.
Three working days prior to the meeting to be held pursuant to such change, the County
Clerk shall give each Board member written notice, personally or by registered mail, of
any change from the regular meeting days established bye this section.
(f) Except for properly called closed sessions as permitted by state law, all regular
meetings of the County Board and official committees of the Board shall be open to the
media, freely subject to recording by radio, television and photography at any time,
provided that such arrangements do not interfere with the orderly conduct of the meetings
under such rules as the Board may prescribe.
Special Meetings.
(a) The Chair or two members of the Board may call special meetings of the Board
whenever in their opinion the public business may require it.
(b) Whenever a special meeting shall be called, notice in writing signed by the Chair of
the Board or two members of the Board shall be filed with the Clerk and delivered upon
each member of the Board either in person or by notice left at his place of residence or
business, stating the date and hour of the meeting and the purpose for which such meeting
is called, and no business shall be transacted at the meeting except such as is stated in the
notice.
(c) The notice may be waived if all members of the governing body attend the special
meeting or sign a waiver.
(d) Notice to the public of a special meeting shall be given contemporaneously with the
notice provided members of the Board.
Work Sessions.
The Board may meet informally in work sessions which shall be open to the general
public, at the call of the County Administrator or of any member of the Board, to review
forthcoming programs of the County, receive progress reports on current programs or
projects, or receive other similar information from the County Administrator, provided
that all discussions and conclusions thereon shall be informal.
Executive Sessions.