226
they had requested an increase in the wages for the election officials to $150 dollars per
day. Mr. Underwood explained that a lot is involved that the election officials have to do
on election day and they work very long hours. Mr. Underwood also explained that
training is a necessity. The Electoral Board has decided to take one person from each
precinct and make them the voting machine technician and only train those nine in a
separate session instead of training the entire 56 election officials. This will also cut
down on the cost of training.
Mr. Underwood stated that a cost is associated with the programming and testing of the
voting machines. He explained that leases on equipment have increased over $3000 for a
warranty and this money is used to protect the machines. Mr. Underwood stated that they
had indivertibly left off the extended warranty and the company that built the machines
has abandoned them and they now have 34 machines and another company has taken
over the maintenance. At this time the company seems to be working well with the
County. Mr. Underwood explained that they have also budgeted for replacement batteries
and power supplies in case one of the machines fail, they will have a replacement.
Mr. Conner stated that the Chap precinct needed to have some siding replaced on this
building.
Mr. Underwood asked if the board had any questions on the Electoral Board budget. With
no questions from the Board, Mr. Underwood began to explain the Registrar’s budget.
Mr. Underwood began by explaining the Registrar had been instructed to include a merit
increase in her budget which she was reluctant to do, but the Electoral Board felt was
deserved for someone who has been working in this position for sixteen years and still
working for a minimum wage for this position.
Mr. Underwood stated that if she were to leave and her position would have to be
replaced, the new person starting in this position would start out making the exact salary
that she is now making and they do not feel this is fair.
Mr. Underwood stated that he felt this is an equity that needs to be addressed. Mr.
Conner also stated, that on her behalf, we have never had a contested election.
Chairman Craft called for questions from the Board.
Ms. Smith stated that she did not make an appointment to speak with the Board
concerning her budget. She stated that she had spoken with Ms. Ferguson and
understood that if there was a question or problem with her budget, she would be
notified.
Mr. Underwood stated that he is delighted to have the direct reporting voting machines
and feels it was a good decision by the Board to purchase these.