070
Mr. Bosiger asked that Mr. Torrence begin with any questions that he may have.
Mr. Torrence began that he was one of the members of the site selection committee and
they had met approximately twenty times over the course of several years in order to be
sure that the best site had been chosen for the elementary school. Mr. Torrence
continued that he is personally very comfortable with the figures that have been presented
and that he has no questions concerning these figures. Mr. Torrence stated that his
position was based on these figures and that he supports a new school on a new site.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Milton Chambers to ask his questions.
Mr. Chambers asked if a needs assessment had been done for the elementary school.
Mr. Chambers also asked a question concerning the difference in the square footage in
the present school and the proposed new school.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Carter if he had questions concerning the proposed project.
Mr. Carter began that he had attended all the meeting that have been held in the past few
years and he felt the information that had been presented pointed to a new elementary
school instead of a renovated facility. Mr. Carter explained that he had received
numerous calls related to this matter and he had some concerns with what would be done
with the present facility if a new school were constructed.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Bill Jamerson.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he would like to make a couple of statements. Mr. Jamerson
continued that he felt a lot of people thought the issue of what should be done with the
elementary school had just come up. Mr. Jamerson explained that this matter had come
up six years ago when he was serving on the Board. Mr. Jamerson stated that he has had
mixed emotions on this issue and that somewhere in the discussion he would like to
present some facts and figures that he has concerning the elementary school renovation
and addition. Mr. Jamerson said that the only questions that he had were when was the
study authorized and were the results of the study shared with the community? Mr.
Jamerson continued that he did take exception to the figures and would like to know what
directions the architects and engineers were given when they were hired?
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Carwile for his comments.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was deeply concerned with this issue. Mr. Carwile continued
that he was concerned to the point that he wanted to take whatever time was necessary to
make sure that whatever decision was made would be in the best interest of ALL the
taxpayers. Mr. Carwile stated that he had not decided at this time what he felt was the
best decision and that he was taking in all the input that he could in order to make an
educated decision. Mr. Carwile continued that he WOULD represent the voice of the
people. Mr. Carwile stated that this has been an ongoing issue. Mr. Carwile stated that