134
Being nothing further for Mr. Jacobs he was thanked and excused and Mr. Bosiger
explained that a recess was in order to allow for the zoning public hearing.
At 6:55 P.M. the Board recessed.
At 7:10 P.M. Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. Moore would be in the Planning Commission meeting for
a short while but that he had agreed for the meeting to continue in his absence.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Gary Gilliam with the Health Department to appear
before the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Gilliam was meeting with the Board due to some
questions the Board had concerning the new regulations.
Mr. Gilliam came forward and introduced Mr. Jim Bowles and Mr. Steve Simpson. Mr.
Gilliam began that he and Mr. Bowles had visited with the Board several months ago to
go over some of the new regulations and that since then we had been dealing with some
of the first encounters with the new regulations and that several questions had arisen.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was asked to have the
Planning Commission review the Subdivision Ordinance to see if any provisions could be
made for one lot divisions to avoid the costs associated with the new Health Department
regulations.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Mr. Gilliam, Mr. Bowles and Mr. Simpson and
called on Mr. Wayne Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. Phelps was meeting with the Board concerning an
incident with flying the Confederate flag on the statue in the Courthouse Square. Mr.
Bosiger asked Mr. Phelps if he had any questions for the Board?
Mr. Phelps began that he had no questions but that questions had been applied to him
concerning the flags flying and that he had offered his assistance if needed because the
Board had been a great help to them. Mr. Phelps again stated that he had no questions.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he guessed the question comes up because normally there are
three flags flown in the Courthouse Square, the American flag, the Virginia flag, and the
County flag. Mr. Bosiger continued that recently someone, evidentially Mr. Phelps, had
put up another flag. Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Phelps if this were true?