572
these re-zonings strictly on the basis of inadequate public facilities. He wanted toinform the Board of this because your decision, which ever way it goes, can beappealed by either the developer or a citizen who feels they may be grieved bythe Board’s decision. You may need to look at the Comprehensive Plan and seewhat it says about development. You can consider things like aesthetics ,density, what is the surrounding area like and how will this be compatible to the
area. You need to take into consideration the public utilities, but this should not
be your sole reason for making your zoning decision.
Mr. Carter then read the Planning Commission's recommendation dated August
28, 2003: “For reasons of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and
good zoning practice, the Appomattox County Planning Commission moves to
recommend that the petition of Courtland Realty/S.L. Ferguson, III to re-zone a
parcel of land located off Route 26 near U. S. 460 and Town limits from A-1
Agricultural to R-2 General Residential, be approved by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors”. (Planning Commission vote: 7-2-1). Since that time, there
as a lot of discussion between the Town and County in regards to the collection
of information by the petitioners of the wants and needs of the Town and the
County. To the best of his knowledge, Mr. Warner has now satisfied all of these.
Mr. Carter, himself, did not want to see this go into operation because of the
water situation. But, from what he has just heard and the best interest of the
county, he would most likely vote to grant this re-zoning request.
Mr. Spencer explained that there were two elements to this petition: Re-zoning
from A-1 to R-2 and a Conditional Use permit with conditions as stipulated by the
Planning Commission.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve Petition #03-
523- Courtland Realty/S.L.Ferguson, III for re-zoning a parcel of land
located off Route 26 near U. S. 460 and Town limits from A-1 Agricultural to R-2
General Residential as set forth by the Planning Commission in it’s August 18,
2003 recommendation to the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Warner, the developer,
has agreed to resubmit an application for Conditional Use with changes as noted
by the Planning Commission (Item 3 — Delete - Development must be served by
public water & sewer and #5 — age limit raised to 55). VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor Concerns: Mr. Conrad stated that we
have a lot of good people who volunteer for a lot of things. They are certainly
concerned about making the County better and he feels all intentions are good.
However, we have some situations where people are taking it upon themselves
to think about public property in such a way as when they see something that
needs to be fixed, repaired or modified, they do so without seeking approval.