624
Lannis Selz
Cliff Rhodenhizer
Martha Pankey
R. M. (Bobby) Mitchell
ALSO PRESENT: Dr. Krug - Superintendent
Billy Perrow
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
The School Board opened their meeting at 6:01 p.m.
Mr. Kendrick stated the School Board had requested the meeting to discuss the disposition of the Old
Elementary School.
Mr. Earl Pickett stated they were looking for several ways to utilize the old elementary school
building once the new school is completed. They are also looking at possibly renovating the present
bus shop or using this building for bus use, vocational ed or whatever. If they did this they would
get rid of the present bus shop property. They would also like to know how to set up a Capital
Improvement Fund with School Board money so they do not get caught in things like they have in
the past. For example, the renovating of the primary school with nothing to fall back on. Mr. Pickett
then called upon each member of the School Board to voice their opinions.
Mr. Rhodenizer did not have anything to comment at this stage.
Mr. Mitchell stated he would prefer to wait until after the new building is completed and then
evaluate the needs, before making any decisions.
Mr. Selz stated that the building was not suited for educational needs but there were several things
the building would be better suited for. The facilities could be used partly for educational needs and
partly other needs thereby saving the County money.
Mrs. Pankey stated she felt the school could be used for lots of things.
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding what the School Board wanted to do.
Mr. Pickett next stated they would like to hear what the Board of Supervisors has to say. They
definitely need a Capital Improvement Fund, whether they sell the elementary school property, the
present bus garage property or the Oakville property. They do know that sooner or later they will
have to do some renovating at the primary school, and if OSHA keeps after them they will have to
build a new bus shop. They need to have some ideas of what they will need long before they get
started on anything regarding these issues.
Mr. Kendrick state that some time last year we looked at the long term needs, we looked at the
primary school appropriation as a possibility in 2005, and the high school renovations. He is