386
At 7:05 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 8:50 P.M. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meeting
this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of
the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was
conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for action from the Closed Session.
Mr. Carter made a motion that the Board hire Darrell A. Carroll, Jr. as County Administrator, based
on the contract with amendments, as pronounced, effective September 1, 2000 at an annual salary
of $55,000, and authorize the Chairman of the Board to sign this contract on behalf of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick. VOTE: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion to authorize the County Administrator to advertise in the local newspapers
for the position of Assistant County Administrator. Motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated the next item for consideration was Administrative Items (Items 5-9):
5 - Employer Health Care: Mr. Carroll is requesting the Board appropriate $26,783.00 to cover
the increase in Blue/Cross premiums for County Employees.
6 - Safety Shoe Coverage: Board adopted the following Policy:
Effective September 15, 2000 and thereafter, all individuals employed at the Appomattox
County Landfill and in the County’s Maintenance Department shall be responsible for the
purchase of their safety shoes as a condition of their employment. After being employed for
6 months and upon verification by the employee’s supervisors, the County will reimburse the