269
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on July 7, 1997 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. and asked Mr.
Carwile to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then asked for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of June 2, 1997; public hearings of June
16, 1997 and recessed meeting of June 16, 1997. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT, Resident Engineer to
appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by reviewing new legislation that became effective
July 1, 1997, concerning "Watch for Children" signs. Ms. Lindsay
explained that the signs could only be erected in highly populated
residential areas (such as sub-divisions) on secondary roads, and only
after a resolution had been approved by the Board of Supervisors, and
submitted to VDOT.
Ms. Lindsay next explained that traffic engineering did not recommend
center line markings for Route 608.
Ms. Lindsay then asked if any Board member had concerns for her
attention.
Mr. Bosiger stated he had received numerous complaints concerning
gravel puncturing tires and asked if Ms. Lindsay could do anything
about this problem.
Ms. Lindsay stated the superintendent had assured her this gravel met
the proper specifications and there was nothing she could do. She
continued that she would have the superintendent give Garet a call.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
her.