078
Mr. Moore joined the meeting.
Discussion continued. After discussion, and by consensus of the Board,
the matter of the retirement supplement for Mr. Richardson was
continued to a later date, to enable Mr. Moore to review the tape.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused the guest and called the school board
to appear before the Board.
Mr. Paulette welcomed the members of the School Board, Dr. Thomas and
other members of the School Board Staff. Mr. Paulette then asked Dr.
Thomas to give an overview of his budget and then give the Supervisors
an opportunity to ask questions.
Dr. Thomas began by explaining the budget that was previously presented
to the Board of Supervisors was no longer valid. He provided copies of
the amended FY97 proposal to each Board member.
Dr. Thomas explained that his expenditures had been reduced by
$313,000.00. He explained this reduction was due to retirement rate
reduction and not having to pay life insurance premiums for FY97.
Dr. Thomas continued his explanation of requested expenditures and
anticipated revenues. Dr. Thomas then answered questions from the
Supervisors concerning his budget request.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Dr. Thomas and the
School Board for their FY97 budget explanation.
Mr. Paulette left the meeting sick.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for $448.35 from Mr. Peterson to seed
the 15 acres at the landfill prior to getting the soil analysis.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to)
appropriate $448.35 to purchase fescue and rye to reseed the 15 acres
at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented the bids received on the Route 608 Super
Site. Two bids were received. They are as follows:
1) Pearson Construction, Inc.
a) Barbed Wire Fence $31,555.00
b) Welded Wire Fence 32,230.00
2) W. Frank Moore, Inc.
a) Barbed Wire Fence $26,384.00
b) Woven Wire Fence 27,014.00
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
accept the bid of W. Frank Moore, Inc. of $27,014.00 for the site on
Route 608 with a woven wire fence. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.