189
a major nature, that would involve the public, that would require a public hearing, anything of that
nature would not come up under Supervisor Concerns because he would think that anything that
would come up under Supervisor Concerns could be addressed by four people. Mr. Kendrick
continued that anything that was an agenda item should have all Board members that are present
to consider it and have the same time that you would ordinarily have for research. Mr. Kendrick
stated that being a new Board member he did not want to make decisions that were not informed.
Mr. Moore stated that a lot of times we have things with Supervisor Concerns that there is no
decision to make it’s just brought to the Board’s attention that they ought to be looking at the
issue and he has no problem with that but he felt that actually if anything comes out of Supervisor
Concerns that action is needed then it should not come under Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Kendrick said that as an example he would not want to bring up something like the
elementary school one way or the other under Supervisor Concerns because he feels it deserves a
through research and appropriate attention by everyone.
Mr. Moore stated that most of the Supervisor Concerns were not of the nature that Mr. Kendrick
was referring to. Most of the things were of a nature that the Board could listen to without taking
action and he had no problem with something like that. Mr. Moore agreed that when you have to
make a motion or decision he agreed with Mr. Kendrick and he felt they should be kept out of
Supervisor Concerns and the major things should go on the agenda. Mr. Moore continued that if
there were any decision to be made what so ever it should be on the agenda not under Supervisor
Concerns. Mr. Moore stated that every time the Board had made a snap decision they had shot
themselves in the foot and he would rather not make a decision at all than make the wrong
decision.
Mr. Carwile began that he was just at a loss because issues that are before the Board right now,
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Kendrick if he were proposing that this take effect right now or was he
saying down the road? Mr. Carwile continued that the Board had some issues that were before
them right now in reference to what had been brought down on the Board with the Courthouse.
Mr. Carwile stated that time is of essence as to what is the best thing to do to take care of this
situation and he did not feel that there was time to get on the agenda for the next month not with
what the Board was faced with this month and February 1°. Mr. Carwile continued that his
concern was what was the best thing to do to deal with this situation?
Mr. Carter addressed Mr. Carwile and stated that in the case of the item that he just brought up, it
was going to be covered in item number eight.
Mr. Carwile asked if this was going to be covered in executive session.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she intended to give an update to the Board concerning the Court
Order in executive session.
Mr. Carwile stated that then the Board could come back out with Supervisor Concerns and open
up for what was the best.