613
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting back to order and explained that there were several issues
pertaining to the FY2000 budget that needed to be discussed. Mr. Bosiger continued that
the first issue was Board of Supervisor salaries.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had put considerable time into research on this matter and he
felt a cap of $4800.00 per Board member with an additional $1200.00 for the Chairman
was a fair and reasonable compensation for members of the Board.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to get an interpretation of the Code section
that pertains to the issue of Board members salaries.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the next issue was the purchase of several guns for Animal
Control use.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed the leave funds in the
FY2000 budget to purchase several guns needed in for Animal Control use.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mrs. Ferguson was concerned with the fact that the
Animal Control Officer and the Building Inspector had no communication with the
office.
Discussion followed with the issue of safety the major focus in the discussion.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to include cellular phone
cost in the budget for the Animal Control Officer and the Building Inspector.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board if they wished to make any adjustments in the Sheriff's
FY2000 budget.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus the Board agreed to reinstate funding to the Sheriffs
FY2000 budget in order to level fund his FY1999 budget except that the dues for
deputy’s to the Sheriffs Association would be removed. Also the Board agreed to allow
the Sheriff to replace two cars in FY2000.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mrs. Ferguson had included funds in the FY2000 budget
to make the two part time maid’s full time beginning July 1, 1999.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to make these two positions
full time effective July 1, 1999.
The addition to the Sheriff's Office was discussed.