606
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add the street description below
and on the attached additions Form SR-5 (A) to the Appomattox County
Secondary Road System for maintenance the following subdivision road
which has been constructed by the subdivider as a Class "A" subdivisic
in accordance with the requirements of Section 33.1-229, Code of
Virginia and the Virginia Department of Transportation Subdivision
Street requirements; TO WIT:
Wildwood Subdivision:
Wildwood Road - Beginning at a point on Route 645, .35 mile south of
the intersection of Route 643 and running to the east
for a distance of .23 mile to a dead end.
Woodland Road - Beginning at the intersection of Wildwood Road running
to the south for a distance of .24 mile.
Total Length - .47 miles
Right of Way - 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board guarantees a minimum
unrestricted 50-foot right of way with additional widths as may be
necessary for cuts, fills and drainage together with easements on
adjacent properties.
Recorded in Plat Book 10, Pages 99, 100 & 101, September 30, 1994.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for resolution to bring two roads in
Hunting Ridge Subdivision into the secondary system.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia, held on the lst day of May, 1995, it was duly moved
and seconded that the following resolution be adopted:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add the street description beloy
and on the attached additions Form SR-5 (A) to the Appomattox County
Secondary Road System for maintenance the following subdivision road
which has been constructed by the subdivider as a Class "A" subdivisi¢
in accordance with the requirements of Section 33.1-229, Code of
Virginia and the Virginia Department of Transportation Subdivision
Street requirements, TO WIT:
Hunting Ridge Subdivision:
Woodchuck Drive - Beginning at a point on Route 1090, .48 mile east