438
On Monday, June 26, 2006, at 6:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Special Public Comments meeting with the Appomattox County Industrial
Development Authority at the Appomattox County Community Center on Community
Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
ABSENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT: (Industrial Development Authority)
William S. Slagle - Chairman
James (Buddy) Conner
Wayne Lewis
Walter Hancock
Laurie Harris
ABSENT: (Industrial Development Authority)
Cecil Wooldridge
Winfred Nash
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
At 6:05 p.m. Mr. Carter called the Public Comments session to order and gave the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then stated the purpose of this meeting was to receive comments on the
proposed Concord - 460 Waterline. He asked those wishing to speak to approach the
microphone and state their name and address for the record.
Paul Caviello, 1746 Police Tower Road, Appomattox: First and foremost, is the
overriding concern about the economic development and growth of the county and we
were hampered in this growth by the lack of a supply of water. While the arguments
are compelling, the data from the U. S. Census simply does not bear out your concerns
and interests. Reality is, in general, our workforce is not leaving the area. At present,
the commute is no more than 30 minutes to or from work each day. On average about
9 to 10-1/2 % of those have a college education and so what we have is a “Blue-collar”
workforce, for the lack of a better term. Given the fact that it is industry that requires
heavy water usage, that we have been denied access to, it seem to him that our current
infrastructure, which you have describe as moderate water usage or light industry,