640
Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#3- FOIA Tutorial and explained that J. Vaden
Hunt, Amherst County Attorney, at the request of the Amherst County Board of Supervisors, has
extended an invitation to the Board to attend a Virginia Freedom of Information Act tutorial on
Monday, October 19, 2009. Mr. Conrad stated that he feels that this is a very worthwhile
session; however it will fall on a regular scheduled meeting night for the Board of Supervisors.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad stated that this is something you can never learn too much of and it is always
something different to know about. Chairman Conrad asked if the Board could possibly cancel
their regular scheduled meeting so that they would be able to attend this meeting.
Mr. Overstreet stated that if the Board so chooses the Regular Scheduled meeting could be
canceled with the proper notification.
Mr. Tanner stated that you can never learn enough and we could possibly send someone from the
Board to attend.
Ms. Ferguson stated that maybe we could possibly schedule our own meeting with Mr.
Overstreet.
Mr. Carter stated that he was in favor of Mr. Overstreet conducting a meeting with our Board
since he looks at Mr. Overstreet for guidance in this area.
Mr. Tanner stated that we can thank Amherst for the invitation and let them know we will not be
able to attend due to a regular scheduled meeting and then schedule a workshop of our own with
Mr. Overstreet.
It was the consensus of the Board to thank Amherst for the invitation and then have Mr.
Overstreet conduct a workshop. Mr. Overstreet stated that he could do this and he would also
like to address the issue of conflict of interest.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4 - VACo Annual Meeting and explained that
VACo Annual Meeting is scheduled for November 6-10 and there are several amendments to the
VACo By-Laws that will be voted on during that Annual Business Meeting. Since Mr. Tanner
and Mr. Conrad are registered to attend the Board will need to appoint one of them to send as our
delegate. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels that since Mr. Conrad is Chairman of the Board, he should serve
as the delegate.
Mr. Craft made a motion to appoint Mr. Conrad to serve as delegate for the Board and vote on
the VACo By-laws at their Annual Business Meeting in November. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.