the chair, vice chair, immediate past chair, past chair, treasurer, and secretary, and
Whereas, the Commission also proposed a change at its October 17, 2001 meeting to include under
Article VII, Section 1a, that six (6) voting members of the Executive Committee would constitute a
quorum,
Now therefore be it resolved that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby approves the
proposed changes recommended by the Region 2000 Regional Commission to Article VII -
Committees, Section I - Executive Committee and Section I a. to read as shown on the attached:
PROPOSED CHANGES TO REGION 2000 REGIONAL
COMMISSION BYLAWS
ARTICLE VII-COMMITTEES
Section 1 - Executive Committee
The Commission shall have an Executive Committee, consisting of the four officers of the
Commission and the immediate past chair and the second past chair. In the event the past chairs
are no longer Commission members, substitute appointments will be made by the chair. In
addition to the officers identified and the two past chairs there shall also be one member from
each of the localities not otherwise represented on the Executive Committee. The intent is that all
Region 2000 localities be represented on the Executive Committee by an elected official or their
designated alternate, who shall be a Commission member and represent the locality that they
serve. The Executive Committee shall exercise such powers as the Commission may determine,
provided that these powers are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Regional Cooperation
Act, and which shall deal with all matters not specifically delegated to a standing or special
committee.
ARTICLE VII - COMMITTEES
Section la
A quorum of the Executive Committee shall consist of six voting members of the Committee.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
5 Regional Reassessment: The Regional Commission is preparing to issue a Request for
Proposal for regional reassessment services. The Board’s participation in the Request for
Proposal process does not commit the Board to use the regional assessment.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to notify the