Mr. Carwile began to question item D. in the proposed change when Mr. Lawson stated
that he hated to interrupt Mr. Carwile and addressed the Chair. Mr. Lawson stated that he
felt he had to again state, that his interpretation of the conflict of interest act, was that if
Mr. Carwile had a personal interest or if any immediate member of his family had a
personal interest in any action taken by the Board of Supervisors to his benefit or to his
detriment he should disqualify himself from participating in this transaction, which is
being discussed right now. Mr. Lawson continued that maybe Mr. Carwile did not have
an interest in anything that would cause him to have a conflict of interest in this matter,
he continued that the last time he mentioned this to Mr. Carwile, Mr. Carwile had stated
that he had no interest in anything that was being discussed. Mr. Lawson stated that if
Mr. Carwile did not have any interest in anything that was being discussed right now he
could continue in the discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated that all he was trying to do was for information for the Board of
Supervisors, not for himself.
Mr. Lawson stated that if Mr. Carwile had a conflict of interest he should not participate
in the discussion, that was his ruling.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had no problem with this and would abstain from any input on
this subject he had no intention of voting on this matter he was only interested in
something that he felt the Board was missing on this subject.
Mr. Bosiger stated that it sounded as if this action might be for Mr. Carwile’s protection.
Mr. Bosiger called for other questions or comments concerning the proposed changes
recommended by the Planning Commission.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Moore if his concerns had been answered.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt the action was going to put more demands on R-2.
Mrs. Ferguson gave a brief explanation of several sections of the zoning ordinance in
relation to lot size.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the following
recommendation from the Planning Commission be published for public hearing on
November 12, 1998 at 7:00 P.M:
170-23 — Additional dwelling on single lot.
One (1) additional single-family dwelling may be permitted on the same lot or parcel of
land as that of the main dwelling, upon application an approval as a Conditional Use per
170-6C herein, provided that:
A. The main dwelling is located in an R-2 General Residential District.
Do