309
Mr. Paulette then explained that an additional appropriation would be necessary in the
next couple of months in the amount of $60,000.00 to make the final payment on the
loader.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Mr. Fred Crowe that he be allowed to offer County
employees medical I.D. cards.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that allowing Mr. Crowe to
offer Medical I.D. cards to County employees would open the door for other forms of
solicitation. Therefore, the Board denied this request.
Mr. Paulette next explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal
matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:35 P.M. seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 10:02 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosgier,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Torrence, the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye;
Being no further business Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
recess until after the public hearing on October 20, 1997, if necessary. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.