232
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the Public Hearing to order and read the following:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held in the old
J & D Courtroom immediately following the Public Hearing We will begin a hearing of
each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to
speak for and /or against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes
whether speaking as an individual or as representative of a group or organization.
However, should the number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10),
the time will be adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Spencer to read the first petition.
Mr. Spencer then read the only petition to be heard:
#05-557 — Gary Warner: The applicant, acting on behalf of MKGCGWVA,
L.L.C., is requesting to rezone 57.41 acres located on Stratton Dairy Road (Route
713) between Stonewall Road (Route 608) and the terminus of Stratton Dairy
Road (Route 713) from Agricultural District A-1 to Residential District R-1 in order
to develop a single-family residential subdivision. The subject property is
identified as Tax Map Numbers 47(A)36 and 47 (A)37.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Gary Warner, the applicant came forward. Mr. Warner stated the petition was
pretty simple and straight forward. The present zoning is agricultural which allows one
family residence per acre but does not restrict mobile homes, you can basically put
anything you want on it. They are petitioning to re-zone to Residential R-1 for the fact
that it does give some restrictions for building.
Mr. Spencer next read a letter received from Joel and Debra Dawson, Route 2, Box
27R, Concord, Va. 24538 to the Department of Community and Economic
Development of Appomattox County, opposing this petition.
Gentlemen:
I am writing this letter in response to the Notice of Joint Public Hearing for the rezoning
request of Gary Warner, acting on behalf of MKGCGWVA, L.L.C. I would very much like
to attend the hearing, but cannot as I will be out of town on the date it is scheduled.
The request to rezone 57.41 acres on Stratton Dairy Road would allow for the
development of a single family residential subdivision on land that is currently zoned for
agricultural use. While I am not opposed to residential development for land in the
county, I am concerned about the type of residential development that seems to be
prevalent in this area of the county. In recent years, several large pieces of property
have been subdivided and either very small houses or double-wide manufactured homes