Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Craddock and Mr. Eckert and asked the members
of the Board to turn their attention to the Administrative Items.
Mr. Bosiger explained that several members of the I.D.A. were up for reappointment and
had agreed to serve another term.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore make the following appointments to
the I.D.A: Mr. William S. Slagle and Mr. Leon Turner to terms to expire December 31,
2001; and Mr. Richard Robinson and Mr. Winfred Nash to terms to expire December 31,
2002. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there were several supplemental appropriation requests
from the Sheriffs Department.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $2000.00 to the
Sheriff's Department for buy money, and $81.02 for reimbursement for funds received
from the Chamber of Commerce. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
Aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there were also several requests for appropriations from
the Library and the Law Library.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate the following:
$65.00 to 7301-5415
8.00 to 7301-5401
46.55 to 7301-5411
67.74 from the Law Library for the month of November 1998. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Dorothy Hamlett for a new copy machine.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow Mrs.
Ferguson to make a decision to either purchase or lease a new copy machine for the
General District Court and transfer the needed funds. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the proposed repairs to the compactor at the landfill had
been held over until this meeting for a decision from the Board, but that Mrs. Carter
would like to hold this decision until December meeting to get further information for the
Board.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to hold this matter until the
December 1998 meeting.
NO