39
Recommendation is to stay with Anthem for our employee health care coverage
with the county contribution towards the employee’s premium being $286.06.
The premium realizes a reduction in premium from last year.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this bid is sent out periodically to keep Anthem competitive
with other agencies. One agency was a little bit lower than Anthem and offered a good
wellness package. Once we set down and discussed everything, they wouldn't give any
guarantees on the amount of a premium increase for next year. We decided to stay
with Anthem. The School Board has already approved this health coverage. Our
experience rate has been great for the last few years. We will not have to sacrifice any
benefits, we can retain the same program we have had and they are going to give us
some wellness benefits.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to continue the Employees
Health Care Coverage with Anthem with the county's contribution to the premium being
$286.06. VOTE: Mr. Armburst, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Nominee for appointment to the Roanoke River Basin Committee: Gary
Christie, Executive Director for the Local Government Council is asking if you
would like to offer a nominee for appointment to the Roanoke River Basin
Committee. The nominee would have to live in the Roanoke River Basin so
he/she would have to come from Supervisor Conrad’s district. The committee
meets quarterly rotating their meetings throughout the river basin.
Mr. Conrad asked how soon did we have to make a nomination.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to hold this over to the next
meeting on July 16, 2007. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes.
7. Officials to discuss youth obesity in communities: NACo is requesting that
Appomattox County send two supervisors and key staff to Washington for a
discussion on youth obesity in communities and how we might improve the
health of our youth. The meeting is scheduled for August 1°. My understanding
is that NACo will pay expenses for attending this meeting. Recommendation is
to send someone to this meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had received a notice from NACo that the meeting will be
held in Lynchburg on August 1* from 8:30 a.m. to around 1:00 p.m. Ms. Ferguson
does plan to attend. Mr. Conrad and Mr. Craft both would also like to attend. Ms.
Ferguson will make arrangements.
8. Bids for Radio Shelter: Bobby Wingfield has received four (4) bids to replace
the existing wooden structure that houses the radio equipment on the mountain
with a concrete structure.