146
Mr. Armbrust stated if we are going to expand our businesses in the County, we willneed a water supply. In looking at all the options, 2B, 3 , 4&5, we cannot afford. Butwith the situation we have and the information available, the 2B — Concord Water Line isbest suited for Appomattox.
Mr. Craft stated the citizens of Appomattox cannot afford to pay for a reservoir. Thewaterline to Concord is our only option. He is in favor of Alternative 2B.
Mr. Moore feels the County needs to grow. The waterline is the future of the County.We need infrastructure and industry — if not the County will die. The waterline isnecessary to our future. He is inclined to go with Alternative 2B,
Mr. Carter stated that from everything he has heard so far, the Board of Supervisors isin favor of moving forward and endorsing the Alternative 2B,
There was some discussion regarding the differences between Alternatives 2A and 2B.
Ms. Bennett, Mr. Mayberry and Mr. McDearmon of the Town Council made favorable
comments for Alternative 2B. Also comments on the establishment of a PSA and whowould be setting the water rates.
Mr. Wilson stated he had studied the three water studies and feels the population wasover estimated in each. He is troubled by several things: control of system being givenaway, being one. Also, there is no documentation regarding the availability ofunderground water for drilling new wells. He is in favor of keeping the system as it is,expand if necessary. Don’t give up water control. He does not feel there is anydemands on the current water system by the development of the Industrial Park, Onlya few landowners along the Route 460 corridor will benefit from the waterline. He urgesCouncil and the Board to continue with the use of wells and to proceed with thereservoir system.
Steve Lawson stated everyone has said a lot of things already. He does not feelAppomattox is ready for 2A or 2B. His question is how can we pay for the system. Heis not prepared to choose an option at this time.
Mr. Elder proceeded to clarify the questions and concerns that have been raised tonight.
Mr. Spiggle asked if the window of opportunity that now exists would close if we do notchose either of these alternatives at the present time. He also asked for some type ofmonetary figure to give the general public some idea of the cost of such a project andwhat kind of time frame would this information be available.
A public comment session was scheduled for July 14, 2005 at 7:00 p.m. at theAppomattox Community Center. At this time, it would be decided if a Public Hearingwould be necessary.