Mr. Phelps stated that on Election Day they put up the confederate battle flag like was
used and their Virginia flag that was carried. Mr. Phelps continued that the SCV was
very well satisfied with the election outcome.
Mr. Bosiger asked if the flags were flown on the flagpoles?
Mr. Phelps explained that they were flown on the Confederate monument.
Mr. Bosiger continued that as he understood it the concern was that permission had not
been granted from the Board of Supervisors to display the flag and questions had arisen
concerning the appropriateness of flying the confederate flag on County property.
Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Phelps had been asked to come to the Board meeting?
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she had received a concern about the flag and had
attempted to contact members of the Board to find out their wishes concerning any
necessary action. Mrs. Ferguson continued that On November 4, 1999 Mr. Phelps had
called her and stated that if she received any complaints concerning the Confederate flag
they should be referred to him. Mrs. Ferguson continued that she explained to Mr.
Phelps that the Board of Supervisors was responsible for what was displayed in the
Courthouse Square and that the decision should rest with the Board. Mrs. Ferguson
stated that at this time Mr. Phelps stated that he would meet with the Board to discuss
this matter.
Mr. Torrence began that he felt only the three flags that are presently being flown in the
Courthouse Square should be allowed.
Mr. Carter stated that he agreed with Mr. Torrence
Mr. Phelps asked if the Board was saying that Confederate flags could not be flown in
the County?
Mr. Carter stated that was not what he was saying, he was only addressing the issue of
what would be allowed on County owned property.
Mr. Phelps responded that the funds for the Confederate Statue that stood in the
Courthouse Square were raised from County people and businesses. Mr. Phelps
continued that most of the time the Board was being asked for money but they tried to do
their part by putting money to the project.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he would like to hear from the rest of the Board members.
Mr. Carwile began that he had no reservations to speak up. Mr. Carwile continued that
they all knew what Wayne had contributed painting the flagpoles and keeping the
grounds up. Mr. Carwile continued that the request for flying the flags, was where all the
beef coming from? Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Carter and stated that Mr. Carter had said