451
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Central Virginia Planning District Commission was
requesting a two-year appointment from Appomattox County to serve on the
Commission.
After discussion, it was agreed to make this appointment at the August meeting.
Mr. Bosiger also explained, that Central Virginia Planning District Commission was
requesting approval to amend their by-laws to allow Region 2000 a vote on the
Commission.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the by-
law change proposed by Central Virginia Planning Commission to allow Region 2000 a
vote on the Planning Commission. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Jim Smith had agreed to serve on the S.T.E.P.S.
Board of Directors.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Jim Smith to the
S.T.E.P.S. Board Directors to fill Carolyn Lawson’s unexpired term. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any other business to come before the Board.
Mr. Torrence stated he had toured the Middle School renovation and felt this was indeed
a well-done project. Mr. Torrence suggested that each member of the Board stop by and
review the changes.
Mr. Torrence also mentioned that the Pamplin Fire Department was ready to begin
construction.
Mr. Torrence then stated that he was under the impression that the 100 acres that is
designated for recreation was to be under the control of the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carwile stated that there was no separation of this acreage in the proposal presented
by the L.D.A.
Mr. Bosiger stated that his understanding was that it could be financed through the Bond
but that the property would be deeded to the County. Mr. Bosiger then suggested that the
Board of Supervisor schedule a meeting with the I.D.A. to discuss this matter.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt a meeting with the I.D.A. would be beneficial because there
needed to be some discussion about the width of the buffer zone also.