Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer $100,000.00 from 8105-
6005 to the I.D.A. for engineering fees for the final design for the infrastructure to serve
Phase I of the Industrial Park. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded the other members of the Board that in the near future the
County was looking at several major projects that could have a severe impact on the
County tax rate. Mr. Bosiger continued that because of this Mrs. Ferguson had requested
the Board hire a consultant to do a study showing the financial impact of the various
projects on the tax rate in the County.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson would
seek bids for this service.
A lengthy discussion on the proposed Courthouse changes followed. After discussion it
was agreed to hold a public comment session on March 22, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the
Courthouse to receive comments on the proposed Courthouse project. Mrs. Ferguson
was instructed to contact Mr. Hal Craddock to schedule for him to attend the session and
provide a brief synopsis of the two options chosen. The Board also determined they
would make a decision on the Courthouse on April 5, 1999 at their regular meeting.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded the other members of the Board of several meetings that were
scheduled for the next few weeks.
Mr. Bosiger then presented the Planning Commission recommendations from the
February 16, 1999 public hearing.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve petition number 99-361
of C. Douglas Branch to rezone property from A-1 to R-1. Property is located on Route
647 between Route 668 and Route 460. Property is Part of Tax Map No. 62-A-18. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve petition 99-363 of Thomas
E. O’Brien to rezone property from A-1 to R-2. Property is located on Route 727
between Route 644 and Route 644. Property is Tax Map Parcel No. 107 (A) 37. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a letter of resignation from the Board of Zoning Appeals from
Mr. Wayne Phelps, effective immediately. Mr. Bosiger continued that with Mr. Phelps
resignation the Board would need to submit several names to the Judge for possible
appointment to this vacant position.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that the Board members
would have suggestions for appointment at the next meeting.
613