150
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the railroad crossing (DOT
467-981K) on Secondary Route 622, serves no public necessity and is no
longer necessary as a part of the Secondary System of State Highways.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, The Clerk of the Board is directed
to post and publish notice of the Board’s intent to abandon the
aforesaid crossing of Route 622, pursuant to Section 33.1-151 of the
Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution
be forwarded to the Commissioner of the Virginia Department of
Transportation.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Lindsay next explained that a public hearing was necessary to
revise the Six Year Plan; ’97-’98 Construction Budget; and the
Additions and Improvements to the Secondary Road System.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the Public Hearing on
the Route 622 railroad crossing abandonment was scheduled for 6:30 p.m
on November 4, 1996 with the public hearing on the Six Year Plan, etc.
at 6:30 p.m. on November 4, 1996.
Ms. Lindsay next explained that the Board had requested a revised
signal study at the Shoppes of Appomattox.
Ms. Lindsay explained this study has been completed and when all the
information was compiled she would contact the Board about setting up a
meeting to review this material. Ms. Lindsay did explain that access
roads would have to be funded by funds other than VDOT.
Ms. Lindsay stated her last handouts involved Policy and Procedures for
Installation of Signs Advising of Maximum Penalty for Speeding in
Cartain Residential Districts and Residential Cut-Through Traffic. Sh
continued that she would like for the Board and County Attorney to
review these documents prior to the October 1996 meeting when she would
request a resolution adopting these policies.
O
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had questions for Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Carwile asked if VDOT would check Route 667, two to three miles off
Route 460, about trees leaning over the roadway from the ice storm.
Ms. Lindsay stated she would look into this.
Mr. Carwile next requested the speed limit be reduced on Route 800 at
Concord.
Ms. Lindsay explained that had already been studied and does not
qualify for reduced speed limit.