259
Mr. Spiggle stated that in the past the Town had sort of left tourism up to the
Chamber of Commerce — and the Chamber has done a good job. For years we
have talked about tourism and tourism efforts, but really never got around to
doing anything about it. Town Council have finally realized that perhaps we
should have followed through with this three (3) years ago, but they realize now
that if anything is ever going to happen, it is going to take somebody full time in
doing it. He also suggested that Ms. Dixon may be the person most suited to fill
this position, if she is interested. She has taken on a lot of responsibility and
gets a lot done, along with her regular duties with parks and recreation.
Discussion followed with several suggestions such as: Hiring a firm to do
marketing strategies; Coordinate and train volunteers at the Visitor’s Center on
what is available; bring in new businesses to keep people in the county; town
and county work together and find assistance with funding.
Update on Alternative Water Source:
Mr. Garrett provided a handout on some updates since November. He reminded
everyone that the Town and County jointly made a request to have Campbell
County Public Service Authority evaluate the hydraulics and construction to
connect the town water supply. The information received will be used for a two-
fold purpose: (1) to determine the instrumental costs required to increase the
line size currently anticipated to serve Concord/Rustburg and (2) to determine
the operational and reservoir costs in order to set water rates that Campbell
County would use to sell water to Appomattox.
Mr. Garrett briefly explained the information contained in the handout.
Renovations to the Town Office:
Mr. Garrett presented some suggestions on renovating the downstairs area into a
large meeting room.
Mr. Spiggle stated that this was a controversial subject. If the County wished to
continue to use the facility, there were some upgrades that needed to be done.
One upgrade would be audio/visual aides for use during presentations. Not only
would this be better for the governing bodies but also for the citizens who come
to participate in the meetings. It would be handicap accessible, all on one floor.
There was be parking out front and possibly two (2) small conference rooms
where the Planning Commission could meet without having to drive to another
location. There would be restrooms available, as well. More detailed plans and
cost estimates would be available next week.
Mr. Craft mentioned the County could make use of the Old Courthouse Building
but it would be very expensive to make this into useable space. If it were to be
renovated, it would have to be done a certain way to suit the public and we
would not be able to do everything that needs to be done.