240
Johnnie Roark - Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the Public Hearing to order at 6:00 p.m.
Chairman Craft welcomed everyone to the hearing and explained the Public Hearing
would be to take public comment on Amendments to the Erosion and Sediment Control
Ordinance and gave the procedure for speaking during this public hearing.
Chairman Craft turned the meeting over to Mr. Johnnie Roark- Planner.
Mr. Roark gave background on why this amendment is needed. Mr. Roark explained that
there are a lot of changes in this ordinance. These changes actually took place in 2006.
Since that time only about 5% of localities have passed the review from DCR. Mr.
Roark explained that Appomattox County had a review in March of 2007 and did not get
a good review. Mr. Roark stated that we are under corrective action agreement in
October 2007 which gave us until May of 2008 to make some changes to our ordinance.
Mr. Roark next explained the changes, which affect more than ten sections of the
ordinance which are mainly language updates that match with State Code. Mr. Roark
stated that we had to add definitions then Mr. Roark explained that one of the biggest
changes would be requirements for flow rate capacity, velocity requirements for natural
or man made channels. Also it puts under our ordinance a variance procedure which we
did not have before and a major change is the alternative inspection program. The
alternative inspection program is something that is allowed in State Code and is meant for
smaller localities to more effectively manage their program inspections.
Mr. Roark explained that one thing the smaller localities are having a problem with is not
having the manpower or staffing to meet the requirements for inspections which will be
every two weeks or within 48 hours ofa rainfall.
Mr. Roark stated that smaller localities were just not able to meet the inspection
requirements, so this alternative inspection program was designed which divides projects
into a classification system and your determination of class is made by the Erosion and
Sediment Control person evaluating the topography, soil acreage being disturbed, joining
property lines, etc. Mr. Roark stated that depending on the classification is how you will
know how often you will have to inspect.
Mr. Roark stated that he has given the Board a package to review with these changes and
what he has told them tonight is a brief overview of all changes.
Chairman Craft asked if anyone wished to speak on these proposed changes. No one
came forward to speak.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none Chairman Craft closed the
public hearing at 6:08 p.m.