485
Staff agrees with the recommendation of the Courthouse Furnishings Committee
that Craddock-Cunningham be given the responsibility for furnishing the new
courthouse on a per hour basis.
Mr. Carter stated that in accordance with “Robert’s Rules of Order”, he will place on the
floor a motion to rescind the vote of the last Board deleting Craddock-Cunningham from
doing the furnishings on contract. Mr. Moore seconded this motion. VOTE: Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to hire Craddock-Cunningham as
recommended by the Courthouse Furnishings Committee to provide the necessary work
to furnish the Courthouse. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
3. Courthouse Change Order: Mr. Moore has indicated that based upon
additional information, he now recommends authorization of a change order to
construct a heat race to protect a water pipe serving the Old Courthouse, the
Clerk’s office, and the Treasurer/Commissioner of Revenue Building.
Staff recommends approval of this change order request.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve
the Courthouse Change Order to construct a heat race to protect a water pipe serving
the Old Courthouse, the Clerk’s Office, and the Treasurer/Commissioner of Revenue
Building. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(4 aye votes, 1 absent)
4. E-911 Address Sign Contract: Recently an Invitation to Bid was released for
the fabrication of 5,700 E-911 address markers that will be used to identify each
structure in the County. This activity was included in the FY2004 Budget. Two
bids were received as follows:
Sign Design $115,140.00
Designer Signs $124,836.00
Staff and the County’s E-911 consultant, TIMMONS, both recommend acceptance
of the low bid and entering into an agreement with Sign Design. This
recommendation is being made based both on price and a successful reference
check.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to accept the low bid from Sign
Design of $115,140.00 for the fabrication of 5,700 E-911 address markers to be used to
identify each structure in the County. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
5. E-911 Street Sign Purchase: Payne’s Parking Designs, contractor for the E-
911 street signs recently erected, has presented the County with a proposal to
purchase 132 duplicate signs at approximately 1/3 of the normal cost. Total