446
install the software and configure it all it will cost approximately $3,500 more and thethird proposal is annual fee for backup. The total of the three components are
approximately $25,000. Mr. Spencer explained that during last years budget a figure of
$50,000 was put in the budget with the possibility of having to put another $50,000 in theFY2010 budget to finish the purchase of a building permit system.
Chairman Conrad called for questions from the Board. Hearing none, Mr. Craft made a
motion to authorize the County Administrator to accept the proposal with RDA Systems
and sign the contract, Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no further
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Additional Item #7A- Engineering and Design Services and
called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that it had been a very profitable day on the education aspect and he
was very impressed. Mr. Carter stated that a choice had been made without a doubt he
felt that the right choice had been made. Mr. Carter stated that everyone that was
involved in the interviews was happy with the decision that was made.
Mr. Tanner stated that everyone that was interviewed was very impressive, but Hurt and
Proffitt was a head above the rest on what they will do for us.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we need permission to enter into a contract, after approval by
the County Attorney.
Mr. Carter stated that it is of the utmost urgency to move forward on this immediately.
Mr. Tanner stated that Hurt and Proffitt stand teady to start tomorrow or once we can get
our paper work completed.
Chairman Conrad stated that this has been an ongoing issue with this Board and we have
made the decision to move ahead and he appreciates the time and effort that has been put
into this project and looks forward to moving into the future.
Mr. Carter made a motion to enter into a contract with Hurt and Proffitt for the waterline
design. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Mr. Overstreet asked Chairman Conrad to have the motion amended to state that the
Chairman of the Board will be authorized to sign the contract after approval from the
County Attorney.
Mr. Carter made an amendment to his motion to authorize the Chairman of the Board to
sign the contract after approval from the County Attorney. Chairman Conrad called for
further discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.