634
Mr. Craddock gave a brief presentation, which included information on renovation and
addition to the present Courthouse and Clerk’s Office and also on construction of a new
Court facility on the lot across the street.
Mr. Bosiger then called for comments.
Mr. Charles T. Moses came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 2216,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Moses began that he was sure that within the last twelve
months the Board had been given a lot of grief over the money that had been spent. Mr.
Moses stated that he was sure there would be varying points of view expressed at this
session and when he looked at the figures he was confused. Mr. Moses stated that it
seemed to him the wise thing to do would be to let the people of Appomattox decide what
they want to do. Mr. Moses asked that this issue be put as a referendum on the ballot.
Mr. Moses in closing stated that we do not need to be divided on this issue.
Mr. Bosiger next called Mr. Wayne Phelps to come forward.
Mr. Phelps stated his name and that he was a local businessman and landowner in
Appomattox County. Mr. Phelps continued that he was also a dedicated historian. Mr.
Phelps then presented petitions for the Board to consider. Mr. Phelps stated that his
group was interested in saving the Courtroom and the four offices connected with the
courtroom. Mr. Phelps continued that the decision made on the courthouse would affect
this century and the next. Mr. Phelps stated that they had formed their own committee of
historical people consisting of Mr. Moses, Wayne Phelps, Virginia Babcock, Bill Burke,
Bill Williamson, Jimmy Drinkard, Harry Ferguson and Otho Martin, Jr. Mr. Phelps
stated that Watkins Abbitt was their advisor. Mr. Phelps gave financial information on
the renovations of the dormitory at the Middle School. Mr. Phelps suggested a happy
medium if the Board would agree to keep the Courtroom as it is and Mr. Phelps felt that
the Board should set down with the committee to discuss their position.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Buddy Greene to come forward.
Mr. M. L. “Buddy” Greene came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 115,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Greene explained that he was in favor of renovation of the
existing buildings. Mr. Greene explained that he had some cost figures for both options
and he felt that the taxpayers were going to have to have some relief in this County. Mr.
Greene then provided cost figures for the options and explained that even if you did not
consider the cost difference between renovation and new, you would still have to
renovate the existing Courthouse for office space and you would have operations and
maintenance cost associated with this building.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Darryl Puckett to come forward.
Mr. Puckett came forward and gave his address as 125 South Church Street, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Puckett thanked the Board for the opportunity to address them on this
matter. Mr. Puckett continued that Mr. Moses had pretty much stated what he had