300
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Central Virginia Community Services Board
(the “Board”) has authorized the submission of a financing application (the
“Application”) to the Virginia Municipal League / Virginia Association of Counties
Commercial Paper Finance Program (the “VML/VACo Commercial Paper Program”’)
for the purpose of refinancing certain existing indebtedness of the Board (the Existing
Indebtedness’’) through the issuance of one or more notes or bonds of the Board in a
principal amount not to exceed $1,7000,000 (the “Note”).
WHEREAS, pursuant to Chapter 5, Subtitle II, Title 37.2 of the Code of Virginia of
1950, as amended (the Act”), including Section 37.2-504 of the Act, the Board is
authorized to accept loans as authorized by the governing bodies of the political
subdivisions that established, which consist of Counties of Amherst, Appomattox,
Bedford and Campbell, and the Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg (collectively, the
“Member Jurisdictions”), and such consent is being requested prior to the issuance of the
Note by the Authority.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:
1. The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors (the “Locality”) hereby
approves the submission of the Application and consents to the issuance of the
Note by the Board in order to refinance the Existing Indebtedness and to pay
related costs and expenses, upon terms and conditions, and pursuant to such
financing, collateral, and other documents, as shall be approved by the Board
pursuant to a subsequent resolution adopted by the Board.
2. Each duly authorized officer of the Locality is hereby authorized to execute
and deliver such additional instruments or to take such additional actions as
may be reasonably necessary to effectuate the purposes and intent of this
Resolution and the issuance of the Note by the Board. Under no
circumstances, however, shall the payment of debt service on the Note
constitute a general obligation indebtedness or a pledge of the full faith and
credit or taxing power of any of the Member Jurisdictions.
3. This resolution shall take effect immediately.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next introduced Ms. Terri Conrad, Appomattox Historical Foundation,
to address the Board. Ms. Conrad is appearing to request space in the old elementary
school building to house several filing cabinets.
Ms. Conrad stated that everyone was familiar with trying to get a Historical Appomattox
Foundation started in the County and they have just received an official Title 501C3
ruling letter that the foundation is now officially a part of the Appomattox County
Community. The purpose of this foundation is to strengthen the historical connection for
all of Virginia and to help with tourism efforts and they have taken as their motto “This
is the Place where the North and South were Re-united”. As you may already know,