314
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Public Hearing at 6:00 P.M.on May 11, 2000
at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA to
consider the proposed budget for FY2001:
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Absent: Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and stated the purpose of the meeting was to
receive comments on the Proposed FY2001 Budget.
Mr. Moore stated that three (3) citizens had requested to address the Board but if anyone else present
wished to speak they would be allowed to do so. Those wishing to address the Board should come
to the front of the room and speak into the microphone as to be heard by all present.
Mr. Moore called Jesse M. Rosser.
Mr. Rosser stated he resided on Oakleigh Avenue, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Rosser began by asking
why the Board met at 6:00 p.m? Some citizens have expressed to him their desire to hold meetings
at 7:00 P.M.. It is his civic duty to ask this question. Mr. Rosser then read the following dissertation.
“Tt was a most satisfactory surprise to read the article in the News & Advance of April 26, 2000. At
least three supervisors have come to realize that Appomattox County cannot have everything that
is wanted immediately. Wait a minute. This is my letter to the Editor that I did not send! What gear
are we in now? Forward or reverse? Accept the budget? No, wait, hold the line on spending. Wait
again, accept the budget. Renovate the old courthouse. No, build a new courthouse. No, renovate
the old Courthouse. Build a new school on the Bryant Land. Wait, build the school on the
Courtland Land. Are we going to build a school?”
“First, I would like to recognize that the Board of Supervisors does not develop the school budget.
The School Board, no doubt with help, has this responsibility (this may or may not come as a
surprise to the citizens of Appomattox County). But I do recognize that you, the Board of
Supervisors, has the authority to accept or reject the budget as submitted. Regarding the proposed
school budget of $16,089,614.00, let me make a few observations. Perhaps someone in Appomattox
County should take some lessons from Lynchburg regarding the development of a budget. Based
on a population of 65,000 (1998 figures from Lynchburg office) and seventeen schools to support,