498
Cecil May, 754 Acorn Drive, Walton Place: Back in late June or early July he read
in the “Times-Virginian” that the town had decided to increase the water rates in Walton
Place again. He really didn’t pay too much attention to what they quoted that rate to
be. He assumed it would be 5, 10 or maybe as much as 20% increase, but when he
received his bill on August 1%, it was $131.47. Needless to say, he was a little bit
shocked. A couple of months prior to that, and a bill for exactly the same number of
gallons and it was for $57.70. This is a 228% increase basically in one month. There
was a rate increase on July 1, 2004 exactly two years earlier and a bill for the same
usage would have been $47.10. If you received your electric bill next month and
realized it had increased 228% or 358% , he would be willing to bet that you would be
quite upset. However, there is something in place to prevent that from ever happening,
the State Corporation Commission. They make sure that no utility comes up with
unjustified utility increases. You might say the State Corporation Commission represents
you and me, but unfortunately, we right now, do not have anyone to represent us. That
means we do not vote for Town Council, because we do not live within the town. We
feel this rate increase was unjustified and without proper consideration. We went
before Town Council and expressed our views and were given three (3) reasons for why
they feel they should do this: 1) We don’t pay Town taxes and therefore, we should pay
more to make up for the town taxes, this to me is “taxation without representation”. 2)
the water system should be self-sufficient, therefore, everyone will pay more. 3) We
need to force conservation. I would think that the majority of the water systems
operation each month would consist of fixed costs. Also conservation of water usage,
would create decrease in water usage, and cut into the operational costs, and therefore
they would have to increase rates to cover the lost revenue.
There has been much talk recently regarding the need for a water line. Right now, the
cost for water to the town is pretty much free. If they were buying water, what do you
think the rates would be. With 50% of the residents being on fixed income, how many
years in a row can we afford an increase. You are truly the only people that we elect or
vote for, and we are asking you to negotiate and set rates for the out of town users of
the town water system.
Mr. John Archer: He sent an e-mail to Mr. Wilson, week before last and on the 1s”
he received an answer from him and he indicated that the town pays 20% more than
the residents of Walton Place in taxes. This does not hold water, because he said they
had a lot of elderly people in town. Another thing was that no matter what, water rates
were going to be high. This leads me to believe that “nothing is going to be done about
it, period”. The real kicker is the fact that he in his e-mail extolled the virtues of a
democracy, but people in Walton Place have no democracy, we don’t have a voice. He
did say they could put him (Mr. Archer) on a committee, but he would not have a vote.
This leaves no reason to be placed on a committee. According to someone he spoke
with recently, legally the governing body in charge of the water supply’s origin should
have some say so in setting the rates. He is asking the Board to cross swords with the
Town Council and negotiate a lower water rate for the residents in Walton Place.
Mr. Carter stated that because the Walton Place residents do not have a representative,
on Town Council, and because you are county citizens, but mainly because you do not
have anyone to turn to, we have exceeded our “house rules” of fifteen minutes to talk