240
because everyone knows that it cost more to get into renovation for every phase that you do. Mr.
Carwile stated that it was a fact that this money was thrown away, it was in the pockets of the
architects and engineers. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not agree with the contingency fee
being the same with the remodeling as new construction. Mr. Carwile stated that could be a big
dollar difference in the remodeling left for the taxpayers to pay, for the unknown. Mr. Carwile
stated that they were dealing with a one hundred year old building that has served it’s time and
place for history and now should be retired for community use and tourism attraction with grant
money to support it, not taxpayers money. Mr. Carwile continued that grant money was all for
the asking under proper guidelines so we should go for it. Mr. Carwile continued that to renovate
the existing Courthouse including the Honorable Barbara William’s office, General District
Court space, you are putting in place four security check points plus staffing by the Sheriff's
Department, in lieu of one security check point with the new Courthouse. Mr. Carwile stated that
this was quite a difference in buying the security systems and look at the on going cost of staffing
four security points. Mr. Carwile also stated that he could understand how the Honorable Sheriff
Staples would say to the Board that if they put the burden on him he would have to have some
help, at more expense to the taxpayers. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not agree to renovate
the existing one hundred year old building for a Courthouse utilizing the third floor that has
always been a storage area causing the extra expense to put in an elevator, from day one to the
end of its time will be a maintenance cost unending to the taxpayers. Mr. Carwile stated that they
should renovate the existing building to make it handicapped accessible at a cost to the taxpayers
unknown, a perpetual cost to the end. Mr. Carwile then listed the advantages to new
construction. They are as follows:
1- Less disruptive to the Courthouse Square. Mr. Carwile stated that surely it would make the
Honorable Judge happier.
2- Best layout for courts possible
3-Plenty of expansion room, where the Board purchased the land, 2 acres to do just this, build a
Courthouse
4- Parking immediately and adjacent. Mr. Carwile stated that this means a lot to those like
himself that are handicapped, being able to get to a place in unfavorable weather and distance
5- Energy efficient, maximum installation value
6- Add new dimension to Appomattox
7- Preserve the present layout of Courthouse Square.
Mr. Carwile stated that in closing he would like to say that common sense tells him that it is
many times more likely for risk of additional cost for taxpayers due to the unknown. Mr.
Carwile continued that he had been in renovation on a big scale for years. Mr. Carwile stated
that to any of his fellow Board members that support renovation he could not see how they could
be heart felt to represent their constituents knowing that renovated cost is unknown and that it
will be at their expense. Mr. Carwile stated that to renovate is only a band-aid when you
compare with new longevity. Mr. Carwile continued that under his plan let’s get grant money to
restore the existing Courthouse it’s there for the asking, to his understanding, put the existing
Courthouse on the State Register of the Historical and keep it under County Control and then the
Board has say so over the Courtroom. Mr. Carwile continued that the Judge would have his
Courthouse and the Board would have their’s. Mr. Carwile continued that it needed to be kept
under County control and utilize the building for community use and a tourism attraction. Mr.