403
Mr. Torrence asked for a firm date that the operation would be moved.
Discussion continued with the general consensus being that Mr. Barnhart would see if
Mr. Emanuel would agree to move the tire operation by July 1, 1999 and the Board
would consider allowing extended hours of operation for that period, with Emanuel Tire
of Virginia paying the additional expense.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Gragg and Mr. Barnhart.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Board’s attention to an appropriation request from the
Maintenance Department to have the tile in County offices stripped and rewaxed, install
tile at the Library, and have the windows in the Cupola reglazed.
After discussion Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$9960.00 to the maintenance department to take care of stripping and rewaxing floors in
County offices, installing tile at the Library and reglazing the windows in the Cupola.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained the request from the Chamber of Commerce for the use of
alcohol at the “After Hours” event to be held at the Courtland field.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to deny the use of
the Courtland Field to the Chamber of Commerce, if alcohol is planned to be used at this
event. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, nay; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then read a letter to Mr. Carwile from the Community Center Board of
Directors requesting that the Board of Supervisors proceed with improvements to the
Primary School playground.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the request to make improvements to
the Primary School playgrounds was denied due to the County’s commitment to
purchasing land for a sports complex.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the IDA was requesting an allocation of $10,000.00 in
order to proceed with site work on the proposed industrial site. Mr. Bosiger continued
that this money was already in the budget.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to release $10,000.00 to the IDA for
site work. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Carroll wished to talk to the Board concerning the
groundwater monitoring program at the landfill.