13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
499
authorized and directed to deliver the Bonds to the Trustee for authentication and
delivery upon terms to be provided in the Bond Purchase Agreement.
The Documents shall be in substantially the forms submitted to this meeting,
which are hereby approved, with such completions, omissions, insertions, changes
and revisions as may be approved by the officer executing them in his sole and
absolute discretion, his execution thereof to constitute conclusive evidence of his
approval of any such completions, omissions, insertions, changes and revisions.
The officers of the Authority are hereby authorized and directed to execute,
deliver and file all certificates and documents and to take all such further action as
they may consider necessary or desirable in their sole and absolute discretion in
connection with the issuance and sale of the Bonds, including without limitation
(a) execution and delivery of a certificate setting forth the expected use and
investment of the proceeds of the Bonds to show that such expected use and
investment will not violate the provisions of Section 148 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and regulations thereunder, applicable
to "arbitrage bonds," (b) making any elections, at the request of the County that
such officers deem desirable regarding any provision requiring rebate to the
United States of "arbitrage profits" earned on investment of proceeds of the
Bonds, (c) providing for the County to pay any such rebate
amount, (d) providing for the County to make continuing disclosure of material
information as required under Rule 15c2- 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended and (e) filing Internal Revenue Service Form 8038-G, and to
take all such further action as they may consider necessary or desirable in
connection with the issuance and sale of the Bonds and the undertaking of the
acquisition, construction and installation of the Projects.
The Authority represents and covenants that it shall not take or omit to take any
action the taking or omission of which will cause the Bonds to be "arbitrage
bonds't within the meaning of Section 148 of the Code or otherwise cause the
interest on the Bonds to be includable in gross income for Federal income tax
purposes under existing law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Authority shall comply with any provision of law that may require the Authority
at any time to rebate to the United States any part of the earnings derived from the
investment of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Bonds; provided, however,
the Authority is relying upon all such actions and payments, if any, to be done and
made by the County.
Any authorization herein to execute a document shall include authorization to
deliver it to the other parties thereto and to record such document where
appropriate.
All other acts of the officers of the Authority that are in conformity with the
purposes and intent of this resolution and in furtherance of the issuance and sale