114
aay AAS...
Chayrman
,A Special Meeting of the oS onee toe County Board of
Supervisors was held December 29, 1992 to consider the
proposal of several insurance agents to provide Casualty
Insurance for Appomattox County for 1993. The notices
requesting the proposals were duly published by the
Appomattox Times Virginian in the November 5, and November
12, 1992 editions. The proposals were received by 11:00 A.M.
December 24, 1992 by the County Administrator.
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mt. District
Dennis Torrence, Appomattox River District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Absent:
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order and
asked to hear from the first agency to be considered, J. A.
Burke Company represented by Mrs. Sally Burke and Mr. Richard
F. Burke, III. Mr. and Mrs. Burke reviewed the insurance
companies and coverage they proposed and several options.
They also presented costs and pointed out certain features
they felt would benefit the County.
Similar interviews were conducted with Campbell Insurance
represented by Mr. Richard Rakes and Mr. Bill Young, Cabell
Insurance represented by Mr. Don MThornhill, and Raymond W.
Anders Insurance Agency, Inc. represented by Mr. William L.
Andrews and Mr. William L. Andrews, Jr.
Each Agency and their proposal was evaluated considering the
criteria decided on and recorded at the November 5, 1992
meeting. Options, deductibles, and costs were compared and
evaluated.
The Board by consensus directed Mr. Rice to verify the
"Claims made" vs "per occurrence" liability coverage with
Cabell and J. A. Burke Company and ask these two (2) agencies
if they would be willing to provide part of the coverage -
Burke the auto insurance and Cabell the remainder.
Being no further business to consider Mr. Torrence made a
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adjourn at 9:23 P.M.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. ayes aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Way~~
Chairman’
NS