479
On Monday, March 23, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a special
called meeting in the County Administration Conference room located on 153A Morton Lane,
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mr. William H. Craft Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Absent: Mr. Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Alice Rockefeller — Landfill Supervisor
Mike Carvell - Draper Aden
Vicky Phelps ~ Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to order at
6:00 p.m. and then introduced Mr. Mike Carvell with Draper Aden and asked him to report on the bids
that have been received for the convenience center upgrades.
Mr. Carvell stated that they had received seven bids and the bids ranged from $154,696 to $246,478. Mr.
Carvell stated the low bidder was Layne Construction and Excavating Co. with a bid price of $154,696.
Mr. Carvell stated that Draper Aden has reviewed the bid documents and qualification statement, and they
appear to be in order, therefore Draper Aden Associates recommends that Appomattox County award the
contract to Layne Construction and Excavating Co. for $154,696.00.
Chairman Conrad stated that he was going to give the Board a chance to look over the hand out that has
been provided by Draper Aden and ask any questions that they may have.
After discussion from the Board, Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the low bid of Layne Construction in
the amount of $154,696.00. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman
Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented the second item on the agenda — Non-Profits Use of Convenience Sites.
Chairman Conrad called on Ms. Rockefeller to come before the Board to discuss waiving fees for certain
non-profit groups.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the Appomattox County Landfill has been accepting non-profit organizations
waste at the landfill and years ago the Board agreed to waive fees for certain organizations since they
were non-profit. Ms. Rockefeller stated that since we have now closed the landfill, these organizations
are considered a business and we are no longer accepting their trash and they will need to take their waste
to the Regional Landfill. Ms, Rockefeller stated that Appomattox County will continue to accept their
recycle material as we do for any other business. Ms. Rockefeller stated that she had checked with
surrounding counties and they do not give a price break to these non-profit organizations they are charged
as a regular business. Ms. Rockefeller stated that Lynchburg City does pay the disposal fee for some of