659
On Monday, May 7, 2007, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regularly
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center, located on
Community Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter stated the first item on the Agenda was:
SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
There were some page numbers that needed to be corrected.
Mr. Carter then called for the CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance to the citizen.
Mr. Nick Muddiman, Captain of the Wrestling Team.
Mr. Muddiman would like to present the Board of Supervisors with a_ picture of the
Wresting Team on behalf of the team. He also presented Mr. Armbrust with a T-shirt.
The Wrestling Team thanks the Board for providing them with a place to practice.
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda: APPEARANCES:
Gary Christie, Executive Director, Region 2000 Local Government Council:
Mr. Christie has agreed to meet with the Board to make a presentation concerning the
implementation of the Falling River watershed impaired areas. About one-third of this
watershed is in Appomattox County with two-thirds in Campbell. At some point one of
the members of the Board may be asked to serve on a steering committee.
Also, Mr. Christie will talk with you concerning the proposed Geographic Information
System project that he is working on with John Spencer and Johnnie Roark.
Mr. Christie gave a brief background of the watershed program. In 1972 the Federal
Government passed the Clean Water Act. In 1987 they required the states to make lists
of impaired waters or waters that did not meet certain standards. The Falling River
Watershed was put on the list in 1998 for a bacteria impairment. Those ranking
continue to be revised but in 1998 the state signed a consent order with the UPA that all