540
Mrs. Ferguson next reminded the Board that a meeting with Town Council
to discuss the industrial site had tentatively been set for December,
1994. After discussing the date for this meeting with Mayor Spiggle,
he suggested that we have our joint meeting in January 1995.
After discussion, it was agreed that a January 1995 meeting with the
Town would be agreeable.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the School Board for an
appropriation from the Athletic Fund for the month of December, 1994.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$1,769.32 from the Athletic Complex Fund for the month of December
1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, for an appropriation to cover fire damage to one of the
large containers.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$1119.75 to 4203-3004 for repairs to a damaged container. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; an
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested a line item transfer to cover automobile
insurance for Social Services.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve line item
transfer of $2,465.00 from 1101-2005 to 5301-5305. Vote: Mr. Torrenc
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
10}
The next item on the agenda was a request from Central Virginia
Community Services Board for a resolution of support for their
twenty-five (25) years of service.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the followin
resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services has provided mental
health, mental retardation, substance abuse and prevention services t
the citizens of Appomattox County over the course of the past 25 years;
and
1—-O-
WHEREAS, during these 25 years, a Significant number of Appomattox
County citizens have served as volunteers on the Board of Directors of
Central Virginia Community Services, and, by their generous
contributions to the work of the agency, have helped disabled citizens
lead more independent and productive lives; and