O44
Road Naming Committee any name that may be of concern or that citizens are not in
agreement with. The Board can adopt any County road names not sent back to the committee
at this time.
Mr. Carter requested that Rt. 1002 between Rt. 727 and Rt. 635 and currently known as Evergreen
Avenue, be tabled until a later date.
Mr. Kendrick had some concern regarding the numbering system. Hopefully, every time a new
house is built on a road, all the numbers will not be changed.
Mr. Carroll explained that this would be taken into consideration when the GIS process is done by
the consultants, (done by linear feet).
Mr. Carwile questioned what would be accomplished by approving a part of this list and not waiting
until all questionable names have been resolved.
After a lengthy discussion Mr. Moore made a statement that the longer the wait on approving the
names not contested, the more likelihood that others may decide they want another road changed.
Where does the changing process end?
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to table the roads highlighted on the Master List
of Road Names and to include Route 685 and Evergreen Avenue and to present these to the Road
Naming Committee for renaming and consideration at the next public hearing to be held on June
25", 2001. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the names as suggested by the Road
Naming Selection Committee that have not been tabled. Also a moratorium is hereby placed on
changing these names until 24 months after the date that the County-wide Enhanced 9-1-1 system
becomes fully operational. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: Petition #01-469 - Fred Jones and Jeffrey S.
Scruggs: Rezone property from B-1 to M-1 with Conditional Use Permit for steel fabrication
and welding shop per ยง170-51 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is
located on U. S. 460 West between Route 703 and Route 668, Tax Map #62(A)10A, and is
zoned B-1.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve for reason of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, Petition #01-469 of Fred Jones and Jeffrey
S. Scruggs to re-zone a parcel of land located at Tax Map #62(A)10A from B-1 to M-1.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
3. Region 2000 Regional Commission Steering Committee: The Commission is forming a