524
Ms. Maxey presented the Board members with a copy of the CDI Annual
Report and also a copy of new legislation concerning the CDI program.
(on file in the November 7, 1994 Board file.)
Ms. Maxey reviewed the duties of the CDI program and asked if anyone
had any questions.
After several questions, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Ms. Maxey.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Dennis Gragg, Executive Director, Central
Virginia Planning District Commission, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Gragg began by explaining that he requested time on the agenda to
discuss the proposed AMTRAK Route Expansion. Mr. Gragg gave a brief
explanation of the background of the AMTRAK route expansion and
explained the requirements for getting a stop in Appomattox. Mr. Gragg
continued by saying that Appomattox needed to be aware that this would
have to be subsidized by Appomattox County.
Being nothing further for Mr. Gragg, Mr. Torrence thanked him for the
information.
Mr. Torrence next recognized Mr. Steve Conner.
Mr. Conner began by explaining that he came before the Board
representing R. S. B. Properties. Mr. Conner continued by explaining
that the Planning Commission had reviewed a subdivision plan, New Hope
Estates Subdivision, and recommended this property go to public hearing
for rezoning from A-1 to R-1. Mr. Conner provided a copy of the plat
and explained that the owner wished to leave this subdivision A-1 and
had agreed to restrict the lots to no mobile homes except for lot
number 8 which will be restricted 831.33 feet from route 24. Mr.
Conner stated that all of the lots met the size requirements for A-1
and that he had worked with the County from the beginning to be sure
that all of the proper channels had been followed.
Mrs. Ferguson gave background information concerning this subdivision
and a brief explanation of why the Planning Commission is suggesting
rezoning to R-1.
A lengthy discussion followed. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to leave New Hope Estates Subdivision
A-1 with the owner restricting lots 1-7 to no mobile homes and lot 8 to
no mobile homes within 831.33 feet of Route 24. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence next presented Planning Commission recommendations for
petition number 94-229 of Roy and Margaret Whorley.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve petition
number 94-229 of Roy and Margaret Whorley for a Conditional Use Permit
to allow mobile home in the Village Center District and Variance for
location of accessory building. Property is located on Route 24