243
On Saturday, April 5, 2003 at 9:00 A.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a S pecial Called M eeting in the Appomattox Town C hambers | ocated on Linden
Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
Ms. Barbara Williams — Clerk of the Circuit Court &
Courthouse Committee
Dan Siegel — Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller (via telephone)
At 9:14 a.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter stated the purpose of this meeting is 1) the selection of alternates for inclusion
in the courthouse construction project contract and 2) for a closed session discussion on a
perspective business location.
At 9:17 a.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed
session as allowed under §2.2 — 3711.A.5 of the Code of Virginia for discussion of a
perspective business location and §2.2 — 3711. A.7 of the Code of Virginia for discussion
of a legal matter — Courthouse Project. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 10:55 a.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to return to regular
session: VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711.A.7 of the Code
of Virginia, for the purpose of selecting alternates to the courthouse project; and §2.2-
3711.A.5 for the purpose of discussing a prospective business location.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)