628
said that biosolids are safe. The Planning Commission has done their job to keep us out of trouble,
but the desire of the County residents is to fight this. We are expected to be the garbage dump for
the larger cities yet we do not receive any of the funds for it. He is tired of the pretense, he is tired
of a State that doesn’t care and the Virginia Health Department that has grossly overstated an issue
in one instance and understated it in another. He recommends that the information submitted by Mr.
Ray Wingfield be read by the Board members before making any decisions. Unless we can adopt
some more restrictions against this issue, he cannot and will not vote for it. This is poor legislation
on the part of the State.
Mr. Carwile read statements from EPA; Va Farm Bureau; Congress Member, Joan Davis; The
Washington Times; as well as a resolution from Louisa County; etc.
Mr. Moore feels we do not need any more litigation, we need to join with other counties and go to
Richmond as a group.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to table this issue for at least one month until
we have had time to look at the Louisa County resolution. Also adding biosolids to Legislative
Agenda is something we are against and to instruct the Planning Commission to do more work to
investigate legal things that can be put into the ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund: Giles County Board of Supervisors is making
a donation of $1.00 per resident of the County to this fund. They are requesting that all other
counties in the Commonwealth make a similar donation.
Mr. Kendrick thinks this is an individual concern for the residents of the County.
3. Board Appointments:
a. Board of Equalization: The Board still needs to recommend someone from the
Appomattox River, Piney Mountain and Courthouse Districts to this Board. The
Board also needs to recommend two (2) alternates for training.
Mr. Kendrick does not have an appointment at this time. Also Mr. Carwile had previously submitted
a member, but this individual has declined.
There was some discussion as to the role of this Board.
Mr. Moore suggested Mr. Russell Miller from the Piney Mountain District and Mr. Carter suggested
Mr. George Watson from the Courthouse District.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick to recommend appointment of Mr. Russell
Miller and Mr. George Watson to the Board of Equalization. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
b. Board of Zoning Appeals: A replacement needs to be made for the remainder of