37
engaged R. W. Beck to provide a disposal analysis for the landfill operation prior to the
County putting out the bid documents for opening a new cell. Ms. Ferguson is sure that
each member of the Board is aware it has been several years since the other study was
done and there are a number of citizens that feel that opening a new cell is not the best
solution for Appomattox County in dealing with our solid waste. Ms. Klappich is
employed by Draper Aden and Associates who currently provides engineering services to
the landfill.
Ms. Rockefeller introduced Ms. Klappich. Ms. Klappich stated what she wanted to do
tonight was walk through the July 12, 2007 draft from R. W. Beck. The first thing she
would like to do is that in going through this draft, she noticed an error on Page 3 -
Table 2 — Annual Expenses - Landfill Development $281,280 which should be
$443,835; Page 5 — Budget Summary $299,940 should be $452,505. R. W. Beck took
one year and used landfill budgets from 2004 and 2006 to develop two (2) alternatives -
going ahead with construction of a new cell or joining the Region 2000 Authority and
transporting waste out of the County.
Ms. Klappich discussed the pros and cons of each alternative and along with Ms.
Rockefeller attempted to answer questions from the Board.
Ms. Rockefeller presented a report on the costs involved with manning the dumpster
sites. Her recommendation would be to close the smaller sites and man the five super
sites which are on property owned by the County and have ample space for fencing and
gates.
Ms. Ferguson has asked Ms. Rockefeller to look for possible sites in the area where the
Route 620 dumpster site is located for the possible placement of manned sites.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms, Klappich and Ms. Rockefeller for their informative presentation.
6. Planning Work Session: Mr. Roark has scheduled a planning work session for
August 20, 2007 for the Board of Supervisors and the Planning Commission. The
session will begin at 5:00 p.m. with Dinner and then move into the regular board
meeting at 5:30 p.m. Ms. Ferguson will try to keep the agenda to a minimum in
order that we can complete our business by 6:00 p.m. A full schedule is
provided for your approval.
Ms. Ferguson recommends approving the schedule in order that she may
advertise the time change in the regular meeting.
Mr. Conrad made a_ motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the schedule for a
planning work session for August 20, 2007 and change the time for the regular Board
meeting to 5:30 p.m. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then called for approval of the CONSENT AGENDA:
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of meeting held on July 16,
2007.