144
regional strategic initiatives and;
WHEREAS, following those discussion five initiatives were identified, economic development,local government revenue restructuring/enhancement, water & sewer resources, health insurance, andsolid waste, that merited the Region=s cooperative efforts, and;
WHEREAS, the development of these strategic initiatives gives clear direction as to the future focusof the Regional Commission and identified the priorities of those initiatives, and;
WHEREAS, the regional operation demonstrated in the establishment and pursuit of theseinitiatives c ontinues a long-standing tradition among the Central Virginia communities that isunequaled in the Commonwealth.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox Countydoes hereby approve the strategic initiatives and their related priorities identified by the Region 2000Regional Commission and hereby signifies that approval by its adoption of this resolution.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Gillespie presented to the Board as an informational item the merger of Regional Partnership,
Virginia=s Region 2000, Regional Commission and the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board.
If you have any comments or concerns, please present them to Mr. Carter or Mr. Carroll who are
your representatives on this commission.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Gillespie and called upon the Electoral Board, Mr. Fred
Underwood, Mr. Joe Foxwell and Mr. Dick Wingfield, to address the Board.
Mr. Underwood stated they have been pushed hard about accessibility. Most public buildings were
grandfathered unless you done some upgrading, polling places were not grand fathered. Upon
inspection, nine of our polling places were not handicap accessible, neither is the registrars office.
The Secretary of the Board of Elections come down for an inspection and we need to put in concrete
landing pads, sidewalk up to the door, handicap signs and lever type door knobs. The estimate for
this work is around $9,481.00. These improvements need to be completed for certification prior to
the November election. In essence, we need to start work tomorrow.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to provide the Electoral Board with the funds
necessary to upgrade the polling places for certification. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next called upon Mr. Fred Lawson to address the Board concerning the Courthouse.
Mr. Lawson stated the Moore plan presented tonight eliminated everything he had to say. He did
however, congratulate the Board for admitting to a mistake and having the guts to correct it. He also