488
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 8:10 A.M., Mr. Kendrick called the work session to order and turned the meeting over to Mr.
Carroll.
Mr. Carroll gave each of the Board members several printout sheets of the proposed budget. He
stated he would like to cover a few of them. He was not sure how much detail they wanted to get
into today because the State Budget has not been finalized and that will effect the school, the
Constitutional Officers, and a lot of the budget.
Mr. Carroll called the Board’s attention to a legal sheet that contains the preliminary budget. This
report contains each individual budget showing the budgeted amount for last year and in certain
cases there may have been supplementals and the actual figures may have gone up, but he is showing
what was approved for last year and what is proposed for FY02 as submitted, he has not changed any
ofthese. This report also gives a line number which is for reference purposes only.
Mr Kendrick suggested that they go over everything and then go back to wherever there is a
question.
Mr. Carroll pointed out that last year (FY2001) the total adopted budget was $23,579,112. The
proposed for this year (FY2002) is $24,237,311 which an increase of $658,000 or 2.79% increase.
Mr. Kendrick asked about the revenue estimates for the upcoming year.
Mr. Carroll reported that revenues have dropped $23,000 and some of that is because last year we
transferred in $700,000 from the IDA Bond for different Capitol Improvements and this year we
have $280,000 coming in from either the IDA Bond or Capitol Improvement, etc. with a net negative
change of $23,620. Which equates to $616,337 short.
Mr. Carroll also provided the Board with a revised Debt Service Report and that impacts the budget
on page 2. All the Debt Service stayed the same with the exception of the Literary Anticipation Note.
Need to keep in mind that this note will be refinanced, hence the increase in 2003.
There was some discussion regarding the debt service that will be retired this year.
There was some discussion on the Landfill regarding the cost of opening a new cell as opposed to
shipping out of the County.
There was a lengthy discussion on the Debt Service Account regarding: Courthouse Renovation
financing;( percentage rate and how long); Middle School and what was financed and the nine (9)
million dollar Elementary School Project.