350
Mr. Carter stated that the Board has already taken care of having to raise taxes, which he feels is
a done deal, so having to add another two or three cents he does not have a problem with since
this is for the economic development of this county.
Mr. Craft stated that it was the consensus of the Board to send the economic development
coordinator job description to the EDA for review and then bring it back to the Board of
discussion.
Chairman Craft recessed the meeting at 7:00 p.m. to allow for a scheduled joint public hearing
with the Planning Commission.
Chairman Craft reconvened the regular scheduled meeting at 7:13 p.m.
Chairman Craft called Ms. Kelly Hitchcock to come before the Board and present the Greenway
Master Plan for Appomattox County.
Ms. Hitchcock first apologized for arriving late.
Ms. Hitchcock stated that she was here to present the Greenway Master Plan for Appomattox and
she would begin by giving a brief background on this plan.
Ms. Hitchcock stated that this plan was developed as a direct action from the Appomattox
Heritage and Trail Vision Connectivity and was then adopted by the Board. Ms. Hitchcock stated
that Appomattox was fortunate to be working with the National Parks Service. The National
Park Service simultaneously had created an agreement with American Society of Landscape
Architects and through that agreement the County was able to reap some pro-bono work from a
Richmond company called Design Forms and they developed this plan and the pro-bono work
was valued at approximately $12,500 of assistance that was provided.
Ms. Hitchcock called for any questions on how this plan was developed.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels this is a master piece. Mr. Carter also stated that the language used
in naming of the Carver Price School should read as Carver Price Educational Center.
Mr. Carter also questioned if on page 27 the Greenway Master Plan is speaking of only a bike
trail. Ms. Hitchcock explained that is does not necessarily mean that it has to be a VDOT
designated bike lane, it could be a share the road designation , but this could be the decision of
the Town or County.
Ms. Hitchcock stated that this plan is just to provide you a summary of what was observed.
Mr. Tanner stated that he thinks this a very wel! done plan.
Mr. Conrad questioned if this plan needs to be adopted by the Board and if a similar plan will be
taken to the Town?