646
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Budget Synopsis had been advertised and the budget total
is $33,570,816.00. The proposed tax rate for 2007 is seventy-seven cents (.77) per
$100 on Real Estate, $4.60 on Personal Property and $1.00 per $100 Merchants Capital.
There is no increase in the Personal Property or Merchants Capital rate. There is a .05
cent per $100 increase proposed on Real Estate.
Mr. Craft asked that each speaker approach the microphone and state their name and
address for the record.
Dianne Miller, 294 Bible Baptist Road, Appomattox, VA. — Ms. Miller stated she
was representing AWAG. She would like to thank the Board for what you have done for
the animal care area. She would like to thank the Board for adding the additional
animal control officer. She also thanked the Board for changing the dog licensing fees
and for increasing the fee for unsterilized animals. She would also like for the Board to
consider additional staffing at the pound so it can be open more hours and available for
the public.
AWAG has applied for a grant from the State. These funds would come from the
Income Tax Checkoff. This will be used to offer financial assistance to persons adopting
animals from the shelter for spay and neuter. There is also a new clinic which opened in
December in the vicinity of Evington. They are also working on a program to trap and
neuter the feral cats that are around the dumpsters. Ms. Miller also gave a brief report
of AWAG’s recent activities.
Wendy Richardson, 314 Richardson Ridge Lane, Pamplin, VA. — Ms. Richardson
is here tonight representing the Appomattox County Educational Association. Dr. Krug
has done the Appomattox County Educational Association the biggest favor possible by
using some of the data that they used in their budget presentation to the School Board.
In light of the disclosure that Wal-Mart would be locating in Appomattox, their presence
will most certainly increase the tax base in our county and will also most likely increase
the number of school children attending our schools. In light of this, there is little
legitimacy in following through with the lack of funding necessary to maintain and
improve the quality of education. We will not be able to attract and keep the quality of
educators necessary to provide the very best for our children if we keep under funding
our education system. We want Appomattox to be the place our children will want their
children to live. We want you to do the right thing for public education for the future of
our county. Our children are the future of Appomattox County and schools are the only
way we have a future. Please do the right thing and support the School Boards
proposed budget.
Raymond Lawson, 583 Walton Drive, Appomattox, VA. — Mr. Lawson has three
(3) children in the Appomattox County school system along with several other relatives.
He would like for them to have the best education possible. Over the past few years he
has seen a great turnaround with the personnel and understands there will be even
more next year. Teachers are not leaving because they want to, but because they are
being neglected by this county. They can go in any direction from here and make more
money. Our new teachers may get paid about the same as other counties, but over the