650
zoning if it includes single-wide mobile homes, but has no problems with double-wides, modulars,
or stick-built homes. He stated that there are water problems in that neighborhood, in particular with
his well which is the fourth well he has dug. He added that permitting single-wide homes would
adversely impact the water supply in that area, but that double-wides or better should not cause
problems.
01-490. Nancy R. & Stanley B. May. Variance to §170-81(A) of the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance pertaining to location of accessory building on lot. Property is located on Rt. 727 between
Rt. 644 and Rt. 644, Tax Map # 98(A)57, and is zoned A-1.
Nancy May (Rt. 5 Box 902) spoke on behalf of her petition. She wants to construct a garage into the
front yard of her home for general appearance purposes to be consistent with how the property is
currently laid out.
No one spoke against this petition.
01-491. Lee Marshall. Conditional use permit to operate auto repair shop per §170-34 of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 615 between Rt. 686 and Rt. 616,
Tax Map #19(2)3, and is zoned A-1.
Lee Marshall (Rt. 615, P.O. Box 2185, Appomattox) spoke on behalf of this petition. He stated that
he is petitioning to set up an automotive garage. He plans much landscaping and because it would be
located in an A-1 zone, he intends to make it fit into the district; it will not be the typical “country
garage” that you see around the county. He has included a list of restrictions that he is imposing
himself that should explain how his business will be designed.
Richard Fortin (Rt. 3 Box 251, Appomattox) spoke on behalf of this petition. He stated that he is
Mr. Marshall’s closest neighbor on the same side of Rt. 615. He has known Mr. Marshall for about
five years and states that he is a responsible individual. He currently runs a business in town which
he deals with frequently as an employee at Advance Auto Parts, and he sees no problem with this
petition.
Steven Humbles (Rt. 3 Box 260, Appomattox) spoke on behalf of this petition. He stated that he has
known Mr. Marshall for three years and that he is a good mechanic. He added that if the garage were
permitted, it would save him time in having to come to town for automotive service. He also said
that Mr. Marshall is on-call 24 hours a day and has helped him many times when he has needed help.
Willie Ferguson (P.O. Box 62, Evergreen) spoke on behalf of this petition. He said that Mr.
Marshall is a good mechanic, does excellent work, and that he is here to support him.
Ralph Lyle (Rt. 2, Concord) spoke on behalf of this petition. He stated that Mr. Marshall has done
mechanical work for him in the past and does a fine job.
Brenda Johnson (Rt. 2 Box 417, Appomattox) spoke on behalf of this petition. Mr. Marshall
currently operates a garage across from her home and she hears no noise and has no problems with