243
72-A-9. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye, Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next invited the Planning Commission to join the Board to
discuss zoning questions.
A lengthy discussion followed with the Board of Supervisors and the
Planning Commission discussing areas of concerns with the Zoning and
Sub-division Ordinances.
Mr. Paulette thanked the Planning Commission for their comments and
excused them.
Mr. Paulette next asked Mr. Donald Martin to appear before the Board.
Mr. Martin began by presenting copies of bids received for painting th
County owned buildings and paving parking lots.
Mr. Martin answered questions of the Board members concerning the bids
and the work to be performed.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept Lynchburg
Paint Contractors, Inc., bid of $29,880.00 for painting County owned
buildings and Marvin W. Templeton and Sons, Inc. bid of $47,450.00 for
paving parking lots and appropriate funds accordingly, using Courthous'
Maintenance Funds where applicable. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Martin next presented information on maintaining vinyl floors toa
high gloss shine.
After reviewing information provided, the Board of Supervisors, by
consensus, decided not to change the present cleaning method for vinyl
floors.
Mr. Paulette next asked if the other Board members wished to make
changes to the budget after hearing public hearing comments.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to reinstate $1,000.0
to the Registrar’s FY98 budget.
Mr. Carwile made a substitute motion to add another $1,000.00 to the
Registrar’s FY98 budget.
Mr. Carwile’s substitute motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Paulette called for a vote on the original motion. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion to reinstate $100,000.00 to the School
Board’s FY98 budget.
The motion died for lack of a second.
©:0: