54
with traffic in the Village of Spout Spring itself. In looking at the recommendation, the
Planning Commission was concerned that the appropriateness of the proposed Zoning at
this time and the appropriateness of committed uses allowed in the B-1 zoning district
and how they would fit in. He does not like talking about what the Planning Commission
has done and saying I do not agree with them, but I will say I do not agree in this
instance. He would like to see this property zoned B-1 especially with the
Comprehensive Plans for the future with the proposed waterline. One purpose of the
waterline is to help businesses establish in the County.
Mr. Craft and Mr. Carter agree with Mr. Conrad.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve petition #RZ07003 of
Wayne and Sylvia Phelps to rezone property located on the south side of Richmond
Highway (Route 460) and Spout Spring (Route 647) between the east end of Spout
Spring Road (Route 647) and the west end of Spout Spring Road (Route 647). The
purpose of the request is to rezone the property from Residential District, R-1 to
Commercial District B-1. Property is tax map #62(A)58 and is approximately 0.66 acres
in size. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
RZ07004 — Burruss Conner Properties, LLC: Rezone two parcels located on
the south side of Richmond Highway and Spout Spring Road from R-1 to B-1.
Recommendation: Denial of this petition.
Mr. Conrad stated this was related to the previous petition. The one thing mentioned in
this petition and not in the previous one, is that additional concerns were expressed
about the amount of traffic potentially to be placed on Sprout Spring Road, (rural
secondary route), buffering of neighboring residential uses and general public health
and safety.
Based on the information we have received lately, concerning the building of businesses
along Route 460 we do not see where there will be a projected traffic problem, now or
in the future. Based on this, the existing road is able to handle the traffic, and we are
only voting at this time on B-1 zoning which will not change that much. We are not
likely to see a great deal of problems here. Based on this, he cannot go along with the
Planning Commission’s recommendation to deny this petition.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve petition #RZ07004 of
Burruss Conner Properties, LLC to rezone two (2) parcels located on the south side
of Richmond Highway (Route 460) and Spout Spring Road (Route 647) between the
east end of Spout Spring Road (Route 647) and the west end of Spout Spring Road
(Route 647). The purpose of the request is to rezone the properties from Residential
District, R-1 to Commercial District, B-1. The properties are identified as Tax Map Nos.
62 (A)56 and 62 (A)57 and are a total of approximately 4.5 acres in size. ROLL CALL
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent)