254
a plan, reflecting community input, to reduce out-of-wedlock births
locally; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox wishes to join other localities in
this Planning District as well as in the commonwealth in this important
community objective;
WHEREAS, the Counties of Appomattox, Amherst, Campbell, Bedford, and
the City of Lynchburg are cognizant to the issues associated with
out-of-wedlock births and have coalesced to mobilize our communities tx
combat this problem in conjunction with other localities in the
Commonwealth;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the County of Appomattox is authorized
by unanimous vote of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, to
become a Partner in Prevention with the Commonwealth of Virginia this
nineteenth day of May, 1997.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Martin and Mr. Trent for their budget
presentation and excused them.
Budget discussion continued by the Board of Supervisors.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
reduce Social Services budget by $2,878.00 in order to balance the FY9
budget. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$2,000.00 to Special Needs Account for Social Services. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and|
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that a resolution was necessary authorizini
Mrs. Ferguson to sign documents pertaining to "Old Davis Lane".
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
BE IT RESOLVED BY, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County that
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator, is hereby authorized to
execute for and in behalf of Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, a
public entity established under the law of the State of Virginia, any
Deeds of Dedication pertaining to Old David Lane (Frog Bottom) located
in the community of Pamplin, Va.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a quote from J. E. Sears to repair Columns
on several County owned buildings.
ve}