378
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mrs. Lawson and called Janet Belter,
Treasurer.
Mrs. Belter began by stating that revenue was looking good this year.
Mrs. Belter continued by asking the Board for authorization to dispose
of stocks, land, etc. that may be donated to the County for the
athletic complex.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that no decision should be made
concerning Mrs. Belters request until the Board has made a decision
from the Public Hearing concerning the issuance of the bonds.
Mr. Torrence agreed and told Mrs. Belter that after the decision on the!
bond issuance was voted on, the Board would act on her request.
Mrs. Belter next requested approval to attend a Treasurer’s meeting in
Roanoke. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve
expenses for Mrs. Belter to attend a Treasurers meeting in Roanoke.
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence next recognized Mrs. Renee Hoffman.
Mrs. Hoffman began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to come
before them and express her concerns. She continued by stating that
she opposed the proposed $1,000,000.00 bond issuance, financed by
either the VPSA or the private sector. Mrs. Hoffman expressed that she
feels that sports are being put before education. Mrs. Hoffman asked
if the Board could not table the bond issuance until the citizens can
come to a consensus on the middle school. Mrs. Hoffman requested that
the Board challenge the ACTIONS committee to raise 70% to 80% of the
needed funds for the athletic complex, if the Board continued to feel
that the complex was needed. Mrs. Hoffman concluded that the public
hearing notice stated "on Monday the 7th day of March 1994 the Board of
Supervisors of Appomattox, Virginia, will hold a public hearing on the
proposed issuance of school bonds for Appomattox County, in the maxi
amount of $1,000,000.00". Mrs. Hoffman said that "if, as was
indicated, to us at the beginning of the public hearing, that hearing
was actually to approve the funding of these bonds from VPSA or, the
private sector, and not to approve the issuance of those bonds, then I
feel strongly that the public has been mislead. Therefore, at this
time I request, of the Board, that a new public hearing be held on both
the approval of the bond issue and a new public hearing on the vehicle
to fund that bond issue". Mrs. Hoffman thanked the Board.
€0-
Mr. Torrence asked if any Supervisor had concerns to discuss.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he felt that the Board needed an
organizational chart and that they should direct Mrs. Ferguson to get
this to present at the next meeting. Mr. Carwile feels that this would
give everyone specific knowledge of their position in the County
organization.