349
Mr. Carter stated that he does not feel that either of these routes is necessary, due to it already
being September and having to advertise which will take approximately two months and then
having to review the applicants which will take another two months, we will be in the new
budget year.
Mr. Carter stated that if we sit here and do nothing another year will have elapsed and we will be
missing out on what is available.
Mr. Carter stated that all of our surrounding counties have improved their economic development
by an economic development coordinator and he feels that it is prudent that the Board move
forward with this position.
Mr. Carter stated that the $200,000 statement that was announced to the public as being needed
for this position is not a true statement.
Mr. Conrad stated that he does not have a problem with the EDA reviewing this, but he is for
setting this up for the next fiscal year budget.
Mr. Carter stated that at this point the money aspect does not come into play, and he does not
feel that we can wait another year to get out there and try to find someone to get us going in the
right direction.
Mr. Carter stated that the water line and this position play hand in hand.
Mr. Craft stated that the money may not be an issue this year, but it may be next year and what
will we do if we do not have the money to pay this position next year, terminate the position?
Mr. Carter stated no, we would not terminate the position because we can raise taxes and the
long term of this will pay back each and every citizen which is only common economics.
Mr. Craft stated that he had reliable information that other Counties pay between $200,000 -
$250,000 for this position because they cannot work by themselves.
Mr. Carter stated that we do not need all of this as of yet, we just need to get someone in here to
get their feet wet and get started.
Mr. Craft stated that he is not in favor of doing anything until next budget year.
Mr. Tanner stated that he does not have a problem with letting the EDA review this job
description and making any changes that they see is needed, however he does not agree in
proceeding with hiring a person and giving a salary with no set budget.
Mr. Carter stated that we have the money in the budget this year for this position.
Mr. Tanner stated that he is not in favor of having to raise taxes substantially for this new
position.