541
Mr. Bosiger then called on Roland Haden to come before the Board.
Mr. Roland Haden came forward and gave his address as Route 3 Box 246, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Haden began by stating that he was unsure of everything that was going on
but he had read the article in the paper and felt that he needed to address the Board with
his concerns. (Mr. Wayne Lewis joined the meeting) Mr. Haden continued that he did
not feel that change was needed in this ordinance. Mr. Haden stated that he was
concerned with children or other members of the immediate family not being able to
locate a dwelling on a large tract of land with another dwelling. Mr. Haden continued
that he felt that all other requirements should be met such as sanitation, etc., but he felt
that family members should be able to locate a dwelling on property without having to go
to a lot of trouble. Mr. Haden cautioned the Board not to act hastily. Mr. Haden stated
that he had driven out to look at the Southside District to see what the problems were and
he saw no problems with density of housing. He felt that we should consider reasonable
housing for everyone. Mr. Haden stated that he did not feel that any more restrictions
were needed. In closing Mr. Haden stated that if you want to control the land then you
should buy the land and pay the taxes on it.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Jeff Carwile to appear before the Board.
Mr. Jeff Carwile came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 998, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Carwile began by saying that he agreed with Mr. Haden’s comments. Mr.
Carwile continued that he believed the public had spoken tonight and stated that they did
not want any change to the present ordinance. Mr. Carwile stated that he agreed that
there were enough ordinances and laws. He continued by stating that we do not even
enforce the ones we presently have. Mr. Carwile closed by asking the members of the
Board to take a long hard look before they made any decisions.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that he had two letters to read from citizens in his District. Mr.
Bosiger stated that these were not his comments.
Mr. Bosiger read the following letter from Evelyn Taylor:
I do think and believe that every home, whether it be a trailer or a house should be on
at least % acre lot, better % acre. An acre being in size a 208 x 2087 or 43,264 sq. ft. %
acre 104 x 208 or 21,632 sq. ft.
I do not see why in a free country anyone should have to apply for a permit to do
repairs or improvements to their home. If you want to pass rules and laws than do
something to benefit the people of Appomattox. Work on getting something for our
young people to do so they don’t have to ride around in cars and park in the parking lot.
Do something to keep our factory’s from closing.
I came here in 1973. I have seen one factory come in, I’ve seen five close, Cloverhill,
Amelia, The factory at Pamplin, and now the two Courtland factory. Why do we need to
put out money for an industrial park when we can’t keep the factory’s we have open.
As for what was done to Jeff Carwile everyone in this room had better think what
might happen to us if this can be done to him. I drove down on 694 to where these