At 6:30 p.m. on Tuesday, January 224 2002, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court
Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Carter announced that at this time we will recognize some citizens who have over the past years
given of their time and talents to make Appomattox a better place to live by serving on various
Boards and Commissions.
Board of Zoning Appeals:
Matt Lair
Planning Commission:
Claude Allen Moore
Wayne Lewis
Industrial Development Authority:
Charles Leon Turner
Floyd Williams
Winfred Nash
Kay Robertson
Berk Drinkard
Mr. Lair, Mr. Moore, Mr. Lewis and Mr. Williams were presented with A Certificate of Resolution
for Service. The others were not present and will be given their Certificates at another time.
The Board decided to move to Administrative Items due to the time constraints of a Public Hearing
scheduled for 7:00 p.m.
Administrative Items:
1; Biosolids: There is a lobbying effort in the General Assembly to get clarification for what
localities have the power to restrict with regards to land application of biosolids. The cost of
participating in the lobbying effort is $5,000.00. Does the Board wish to join in supporting
this lobbying effort?
Mr. Carroll added that each Board members should have two items received today. One is a notice
of a meeting of citizens biosolids group headed up by C. W. Williams regarding a meeting on 2-16-
02 at the Louisa County Courthouse. The other is a copy of Senate Bill 618, generated by the
lobbying efforts on biosolids. There will be a press conference on SB 618 on Monday, January 28",