126
7. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has recommended
approval of Petition 02-505 Christina Martin & Jeffrey A. Drinkard - Conditional use permit for an
off-site advertising sign per ยง170-87(E) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is
located on Route 26, between Route 660 and Route 608, Tax Map #38(A)72A, and is zoned V-1
Village.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept the Planning Commission
recommendation to approve Petition 02-505 of Christina Martin & Jeffrey A. Drinkard as requested.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
8. Pledge of Allegiance Resolution: The Board has received a request from VACo regarding a
resolution passed by the Mecklenburg County Board of Supervisors regarding the wording to the
Pledge of Allegiance to the United States and asking that Appomattox pass a similar resolution.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia is concerned about a
recent court ruling in California regarding the Pledge of Allegiance; and
WHEREAS, the Pledge of Allegiance is a symbol of patriotism for the United States of
America; and
WHEREAS, the wording of the Pledge is designed to promote said patriotism; and
WHEREAS, due to events of September 11" our Nation is under attack by forces bent on the
destruction of our Country; and
WHEREAS, this Pledge does not promote any specific religion; and
WHEREAS, in this time of crisis our citizens want and need to show their faith in our
Country and the ideals for which it was created;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County
wishes to express their extreme desire that the Pledge of Allegiance will continue to be recited in the
schools as it is currently written;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this resolution be made a part of the of the minutes of
the Board of Supervisors.
At a regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors, held in and for the County of Appomattox on
August 5, 2002, the Board unanimously voted to adopt the above resolution
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.