187
Mr. Conrad stated that there are a lot of budget cuts coming from the state level and it is
going to fall on the localities. Mr. Conrad feels this is going to be a difficult budget and
that the Board will need to be very disciplined to make sure that we make appropriate
cuts and will not have to raise the taxes. With no other supervisor concerns Mr. Conrad
made a motion to adjourn the meeting. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Meeting adjourned at 7:25 p.m.
AULD! Cia
William H. Craft, Chairman
On Monday, March 3, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building
located at 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District (entered meeting at 6:53 p.m.)
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps - Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and called on Mr. Moore to
deliver the invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Craft welcomed everyone to the meeting and then called for setting of the
agenda. With no changes to the agenda Chairman Craft called for citizen public
comments.
Hearing none, Chairman Craft addressed Administrative Item #1 — Erosion and Sediment
Control Specialist. Chairman Craft called for any discussion on this item. Chairman
Craft questioned if the employee would live in Appomattox County or Nottoway County.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the employee can live in either county and the benefits that
would be offered to the employee would be the benefits that that County pays. All
expenses of the employee would be split between the two counties.