555
Mr. Paulette then asked Bill Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning
Commission, to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 95-232 of Bass and Milton Construction
Company for a Conditional Use Permit to construct a duplex on a parcel
of land located in the Town of Appomattox on Route 460 between Annie
Street and Lucy Street property is zoned R-2.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to speak regarding this petition.
Mr. Ken Milton came forward and stated that he had purchased this lot
in 1981 and was told, at that time, that the lot was zoned R-2 which
would allow a duplex. Mr. Milton thanked the Board for their
consideration.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Jean Nash came forward and stated her address as Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Nash explained that her lot joined this property and
she was opposed to the duplex being constructed. Mrs. Nash continued
by stating that she wanted the neighborhood to remain a "nice quiet
neighborhood" and she felt apartments would not lend to this type
atmosphere. Mrs. Nash concluded by stating that she was opposed to
this conditional use permit.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to speak concerning this
petition.
Mr. G. William Lewis asked to be allowed to comment and stated his
address as Appomattox. Mr. Lewis said that he is concerned with an
apartment being constructed on this lot because of noise, excess
traffic and also you could not control the type of people who might
move in. Mr. Lewis was also concerned about upkeep of the property and
that, it could have a detrimental effect on his property. Mr. Lewis
was opposed to the conditional use for an apartment.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments, hearing none, he asked Mr.
Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-233 of William E. Briggs for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow Home Occupation. Property is zoned R-1
and is located on Route 1065 between Route 727 and Dead End. (Cedar
Knolls Subdivision, lot 14).
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. William Briggs came forward and stated his address as Appomattox.
Mr. Briggs explained that he currently has a marketing company which he
is operating out of his house. Basically, his business consists of
computers, telephone, fax machine and answering machine. Mr. Briggs
continued by saying that he has a garage with a loft area and he wishes
to move his business from his home into the garage. Mr. Briggs stated
the only employees were his wife and himself. Mr. Briggs thanked the
Board for allowing him to speak.