587 |
Debra Chernault
Wayne Lewis
Calvin Tanner
Claude A. Moore
Charles Smith
Also Present:
W. M. Caldwell, Clerk Planning Commission
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order and explained the purpose of
the public hearing was to receive comments on three (3) zoning
petitions. Mr. Paulette then asked Bill Caldwell, Clerk to the
Planning Commission to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-236 of Pogo Outdoor Advertising
for a Conditional Use Permit to allow off premise advertising sign to
be located on Route 460 East between Route 707 and Route 695. Property >
is owned by H. Wayne Moore and is zoned M-1.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to make comments concerning this
petition.
Mr. Bob Poehner with Pogo Outdoor Advertising spoke and stated that he
would be installing a similar size and type sign that he has located at
other areas in the County.
Hearing no other comments, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-237 of Michael D. McCormick for a
Conditional Use Permit for Restaurant, Hunting and Fishing Equipment
Sales, Boat Rentals and Game Room. Property is located on Route 26
between Route 717 and Route 605. Property is zoned V-1.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. Michael D. McCormick spoke and stated that a business had been
operated at this location up until 1986 and he would appreciate
consideration be given to his request.
Being no other comments, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
final petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-238 of Ronald L. Horton
requesting a Conditional Use Permit to allow Home Occupation. (Music
instrument sales and repair). Property is zoned A-1 and is located on
Route 460 East between Route 633 and Route 630.
Mr. Horton addressed the group and asked that favorable consideration
be given to his request for a Conditional Use Permit.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments concerning this petition.
Mr. Caldwell read the following letter into the record: