616
Mr. Bosiger then explained that VACo was asking if anyone wished to serve on some of
their steering committees. Mr. Bosiger continued that Andy Carroll was interested in
serving on the Community Development and Planning Steering Committee and asked if
the Board wished to make this appointment.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Andy
Carroll to the VACo Community Development and Planning Steering Committee. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a resolution was in order concerning the baler project at
the landfill.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has determined that a solid
waste baler will increase the efficiency and useful life of the current and future landfill
trenches, and
WHEREAS, the Board has also instructed the County’s engineering firm, Hurt & Proffitt
to design and prepare bid documents for the solid waste baler, the building to house the
baler, and all other related improvements involving the placement and use of the solid
waste baler.
>
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
expects that monies spent on the solid waste baler project will be financed from debt
proceeds.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a grant application from the Sheriff’s Department for
approval.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Local Law
Enforcement Block Grant application in the amount of $1669.00 with $167.00 local
funds. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from the Historic Railroad Festival Board that they
be allowed to cut the bank down where the stage sets in Courtland Field. The Festival
Board would bear all the expense.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow the
Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Board to level the corner of Courtland Field that
the stage sets on at the Festival Board’s expense. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.