495
off the road and transfer license and insurance to the Mack Dump Truck,
which will be used to haul leachate.
The Board by consensus, found no problems with this course of action.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Sheriff’s Department that
police officers be allowed to purchase their service revolvers upon
retirement.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
to adopt the following resolution:
SERVICE REVOLVER
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Sheriff’s Department proposes that
a deputy sheriff that was issued a departmental weapon be allowed to
purchase said weapon for a sum of $1.00 upon his/her retirement
provided he/she was employed for a minimum of ten (10) years and he/she
is retiring in good standing; Now therefore be it
RESOLVED, That the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors adopts the
foregoing policy as proposed by the Appomattox County Sheriff’s
Department.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained to the Board that she had met with the
insurance agent for Chesterfield Insurer’s and that he suggested some
changes in the current coverage which would not increase the premium.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she feels these changes would be
beneficial to fire and rescue volunteers.
By consensus, the Board agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to proceed with
changes as suggested by the insurance agent.
Mrs. Ferguson provided information concerning recent legislation which
approved a 3% benefit increase for current and future retirees of
political subdivisions.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was decided to hold
this matter until the October 1994 meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson next read a request from Lynchburg City Manager, Charles
Church, that the Board of Supervisor’s support certain administrative
changes to Central Piedmont Private Industry Council’s policies.
After discussion, this item was held over for the October 1994 meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator for Mr. Luther Glenn to apply for Certification in order
for him to purchase refrigerant for landfill use.