183.
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Bosiger to give
the invocation.
Mr. Paulette next called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the work sessions of October 2, 1996; and October 29, 1996;
the public hearings of October 7, 1996 ana October 21, 1996; the
regular meeting of October 7, 1996; and the recessed meeting of October21, 1996. VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked Ms. Sharon Harrup, Executive Director,
Southside Training Employment Placement Services, Inc. to come before
the Board.
Ms. Harrup presented each Board member with a handout providing
background information on STEPS; revenue composition and local
government contribution, by County. Ms. Harrup continued that in 1995
STEPS paid $82,000.00 in wages to the disabled. Ms. Harrup also stated
at present their total employment is 67% with 55 of these having
disabilities. In closing Ms. Harrup thanked the Board of Supervisors
for continued support.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Harrup and called Mr. Dennis Elder
to appear before the Board.
Mr. Elder came forward and explained his reason for requesting time on
the agenda was due to a zoning matter. Mr. Elder explained the zoning
ordinance required an accessory building be in the rear yard of a
dwelling unit. He continued that he had constructed an accessory
building in the side yard towards the front of his dwelling and was
requesting a variance to allow this placement.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that
in accordance with Section 170-82(A) Mr. Elder be approved for an
accessory building placement to the front and side of his existing
dwelling unit. VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Torrence asked if a date could be set for the elementary school
site search committee to meet.