181
Mr. Moore explained that since Mr. Carter was serving on the Comprehensive Economic
Development Strategy Committee that maybe he would agree to serve on the Citizens Forum also
since these groups would be working closely together.
Mr. Carter agreed that he would serve on the Citizens Forum representing the Board.
Being no further business Mr. Moore explained that an executive session was necessary under
Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 to discuss a legal issue and Code Section 2.1-344(A)(1) a personnel
matter.
At 8:50 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into executive session
to discuss a legal and personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile at 9:50 P.M. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr, Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore asked if there was any action necessary from the executive session?
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve an annual salary of
$32,000.00 for the Librarian. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
Resolution Authorizing Condemnation Proceeding by the County of Appomattox to