656
WHEREAS, these tourist provide a major economic stimulus to all of the
local jurisdictions of the Central Virginia Area which support a large
employment base, and
WHEREAS, the Counties of Appomattox, Amelia, Brunswick, Buckingham,
Charlotte, Dinwiddie, Halifax, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, Nottoway,
Powhatan and Prince Edward, have applied for and received an ISTEA
grant promoting tourism along the "Route of Lee’s Retreat", and
WHEREAS, the National Park Service is proposing to close this Park due
to a funding decrease.
BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors requests the National Park Service to reinstitute full
funding to the Appomattox National Historical Park and discontinue any
discussion of the possible closing of this facility.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a listing of the FY95 funds to be
encumbered.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to encumber $54,780.00
for the Sheriff’s Department for the purchase of three (3) cars; and
$42,139.00 for site preparation for Route 620/622 "Super Site". Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence brought up the fact that container sites and voting
precincts were not mowed on a regular basis.
After discussion, and by consensus, Mrs. Ferguson was told to purchase
push mowers for this purpose.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from Mrs. Ferguson that the Board
give July 3, 1995 to County employees as a holiday. Mr. Paulette
explained that the Governor had given this extra day to State employee:
which in turn applied to the Constitutional Officers and their
employees.
wm
After discussion Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
give July 3, 1995 as an additional holiday for County employees. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye}
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next informed the other Board members of a conference at
Longwood College on Friday, July 7, 1995. This is the Fifth District
Housing Conference held by Congressman L. F. Payne. Mr. Paulette noted
anyone wishing to attend, please let Mrs. Ferguson know so she could
send in the registration fee.
Mr. Paulette next asked for a date to be set for the Board of
Supervisors to review and approve applications for contractor
certification exemption.