584
Mr. Overstreet stated that the sticking point in their discussion was the
Memorandum of Understanding — the second part. This is not a part of the
lease. This was submitted as a separate document, but a lot of these elements
needed to be in the lease but they did not have a time period. In discussing this
with staff, we came up with the 3 12 years, so as to have a time period to go by.
What they originally said, was that they would stay in the facility until they had a
facility, which left this open-ended. We put 3 1 years. In this Memorandum of
Understanding they are asking that the Board assist them in obtaining another
facility, provide the funding and not reduce their operating budget by this
amount. This would not be binding on this Board, it would show what your
intent is at this time. In addition to the lease, they are asking for a “good faith”
gesture from the Board, which would be non-binding. If you are not willing to
do this, then we will need to talk with them again.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Board is basically doing two (2) documents — a
lease for those sections and buildings the School Board will be needing. The
second document is the “Memorandum of Understanding” which talks about the
replacement facilities.
Mr. Overstreet will incorporate the Board’s suggestions in a new document,
present it to the School Board, and let them review it and the Board will discuss
at the July meeting.
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a 5 minute recess, then reconvene after the
Public Hearing.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the regular meeting.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to Adopt the Solid Waste
Management Plan as presented. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called Reed Johnson — Appomattox National Historical
Park and Jim Klein of Lardner Klein Associates to address the Board:
Mr. Johnson and Mr. Klein requested to meet with the Board to give an
update on the General Management Plan for the park and also to review a
proposal for alterations on State Route 24 as it passes thru the park.
Mr. Johnson and Mr. Klein presented a slide presentation as well as handing out
a brochure on the draft General Management Plan. All of the parks are required
to have a management plan but in reality only about 25% of them have one in
place. There are plans for changes to Route 24 such as: the establishment of
distinct transition speed zones from 55 to 45 to 35 mph approaching the park
from the north; reducing travel lane widths to 10-feet corresponding to the 35
mph speed zone; enhancement to each of the park gateways to more clearly