317
Mr. RoacK asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Steve Conner, P. O. Box 1091, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Conner stated he owned the
Property in question with others. He traded property with an elderly lady who wanted
to get off of Route 460 because there were a lot of businesses coming in and she felt
she would be left there alone. This request is in continuity with business and is along
the overlay where the County wants business growth. VDOT has looked at it and it is
possible to get commercial entrances to all the parcels. Mr. Conner further stated for
the record that he is on the Planning Commission but he will not be voting on this
petition nor will he be included in the discussion.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak on this petition. Hearing none, he read
the next petition.
Petition #05-562 — Fred Johnson: Applicant is requesting to rezone approximately
0.98 acres located on Richmond Highway (Route 460) between Confederate Boulevard
(Route 460 Business) and Mountain Cut Road (Route 695) from Agriculture District, A-1,
to Commercial District, B-1 for the purpose of developing a retail store. Tax Map #77-A-
9.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Mr. Sonny Tolley, Route 1, Pamplin, VA — Mr. Tolley stated he was speaking on
behalf of Mr. Johnson who is out of town. This property is compatible with other
business property on that end of town. It is in keeping with having businesses on Route
460. It will provide employment for the County, as well as tax revenue. It would offer
options for tourists, visitors and residents for shopping.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak on this petition. Hearing none, he read
the next petition.
Petition #05-563: Fred Jones/Greg Wooten — Applicant is requesting a
Conditional Use Permit for property located on Richmond Highway (Route 460) between
Peaceful Meadow Road (Route 732) and Cedar Cove Lane (Route 646) for the purpose
of developing an automobile sales and service business. Property is zoned Commercial
District, B-1. If granted, this use will become a conditional use in that zoning district
and thus amend the County Zoning Ordinance. Tax Map #62-5-C.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Mr. Greg Wooten, Route 1, Spout Spring, VA. - Mr. Wooten introduced Mr. Wayne
Williams who would speak on this petition. Mr. Williams stated he was with R. Wayne
Williams Limited, a drafting service in Lynchburg. He had some plans for the building,
which he would be glad to show anyone who was interested. Mr. Wooten has been in
business in the county for about 18 years and he has seen the need for growth several
times. It is now time to grow again. The proposed building will be about 10,000 square