958
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Jesse Rosser to come forward.
Mr. Rosser gave his address as Route 6 Box 1415, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Rosser
continued that he had basically been a lifetime resident of Appomattox County. Mr.
Rosser owns rental property in Appomattox County. Mr. Rosser stated that when he read
the headlines in the December 30 issue of the Times-Virginian, SUPERVISORS
DEFEND THEIR ORDINANCE, I was not only dismayed but also shocked. Mr. Rosser
questioned why the Board would feel the need to mount a defense for their ordinance.
Particularly after the last public hearing. Mr. Rosser continued that he was under the
impression that we were living in a democracy and that elected officials should listen to
their constituents. Mr. Rosser cautions the Board to listen to the voice of the people for
in his opinion to do otherwise would be an abuse of power. Mr. Rosser continued that
our ordinance is in line with the surrounding counties. Mr. Rosser read some statistics
from the newspaper about the surrounding counties. Mr. Rosser stated in closing, “if it
ain’t broke don’t fix it”. Mr. Rosser stated that he is opposed to any zoning changes in
Appomattox County.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Steve Conner to come forward.
Mr. Conner gave his address as the Town of Appomattox. Mr. Conner began by saying
that he was in the real estate business and he was not sure if these proposed changes
would effect his business or not. Mr. Conner stated that he understands that you can
apply for rezoning and therefore go with smaller lot sizes. Mr. Conner stated that these
changes might even help his business because the average citizen was not familiar with
the rezoning process and he would be available to help them get through the process. Mr.
Conner presented some statistics that he had received from Campbell County which
showed that the installation of mobile homes had increased since their ordinance change
requiring a minimum of 3 acres in A-1, with 300 feet of road frontage, and two hundred
foot setback. Mr. Conner stated that he felt the reason for this was due to the fact that
when the land cost increase people were unable to then build a home so they had to settle
for a mobile home.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Jim Nolen to come forward.
Mr. Nolen gave his address as route 719, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Nolen then
presented the members of the Board with a handout showing small parcel sales in
Appomattox County for 1997 and 1998 (handout on file in the January 1999 Board file).
Mr. Nolen then stated that he wanted the Board to know that he was opposed to any
zoning changes. Mr. Nolen continued that if the proposed changes were passed it would
double the price of a lot. Mr. Nolen continued to give statistics on lot sales and cost.
Mr. Nolen asked the Board to leave things as they are.
Mr. Bosiger then called Mr. Daryl Puckett to come forward.