535
Appomattox County, Virginia provided by the USDA (United States
Department of Agriculture) & NRCS (Natural Resources Conservation
Service). If the soil check indicates the presence of significant shrink
swell potential within 500 feet of the building site, the permit applicant
shall then be required to contact a Soil Scientist. The Soil Scientist shall
classify the soil according to the Unified Soil Classification System. The
determination of the soil scientist shall be put into writing and submitted
to the Office of Building & Housing.
If the presence of significant shrink swell soil is not located on the soil
map but is found during an inspection by the Appomattox County Building
Official, the Building Official has the right to then require a Soil Scientist to
be contacted.
When soils are found to be expansive, the applicant must meet with the
Building Official to determine a solution which shall be in accordance with
Section R403.1.8 of the Residential Building Code.”
There was some discussion regarding the contacting of the National Resources
Conservation Services to provide this service before approving the Planning
Commission's recommendation.
Mr. Overstreet asked if the Building Official had these maps in his office? NO
There was also some question regarding the Building Official being qualified to
make a judgment call on this in the best interest of the landowner. The Office of
Building & Housing has in the interim been requiring that shrink/swell testing be
done for construction of houses, commercial buildings, etc., by outside sources.
The Board by consensus, agreed to table this recommendation until the May 17"
meeting and have Mrs. Ferguson gather more information.
3. Virginia Cooperative Extension Job Performance on_ Unit
Coordinator: The Central Director of the Virginia Cooperative Extension
is requesting your comments on the unit coordinator’s job performance.
Any one wishing to submit comments, please contact Mrs. Ferguson.
4. Livestock Damage Claim Form: Mr. Jack Wayne Burks has submitted
a claim for livestock killed/injured by stray dogs. Eric Eberly with the
Extension Service has certified the value of the animals in question.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to pay Mr. Burks $900.00 for