226
courthouse. Current possibilities are the School Board Conference Room
and the Appomattox Town Council Chambers. Both of these agencies
have been gracious enough to allow the County use of their facilities.
Staff recommends the council chambers for the ease of set up only.
Meetings at the new location would begin with the march 17, 2003
meeting.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the
use of the Appomattox Town Council Chambers for future meetings of the Board of
Supervisors beginning with the March 17, 2003 meeting. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked that the School Board and the Town Council be sent a thank you letter
for their willingness to allow use of this space.
Mr. Carter next presented the next item on the agenda:
CONSENT AGENDA: (items 4-7)
4. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented.
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular meeting on February
18, 2003.
Board Actions:
6. Comprehensive Plan: Having received no concerns from Board Members
regarding the Comprehensive Plan, staff requests a Joint Public Hearing on the
final draft of the Plan be set for March 17, 2003.
Supplemental Appropriations:
7. Sheriff's Department: Please approve supplemental appropriations as follows:
3102-1002 — Regular Overtime $912.70
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then presented the Informational Items:
8. Appomattox Town Council Agenda: Agenda for Town Council meeting/work
shop held on February 25, 2003.
9. Supervisor Concerns: Mr. Carter then asked if anyone had concerns they wished
to express at this time. Mr. Moore stated he had received a letter regarding the Oakville
School property. There are a lot of vehicles being parked there. He is bringing this to the
Board’s attention for thought, but is not asking for any action to be taken.
This item will be placed on the Agenda for the next Board meeting, giving everyone
some time to think about how to address this issue.