182
these projects go into place the existing customers will end up paying for the capitol
improvements as well as the operating costs.
Mr. Gillispie stated that the last three alternatives would be the most mostly. There was
also some discussion regarding the water-shed operation recently done in Nelson
County. Appomattox County presently uses about three times the amount of water of
Nelson County. Appomattox would require a much larger water-shed project at a much
higher cost to build and operate, approximately 11 million dollars.
Mr. Carter then opened the session to citizen comments.
Dr. Betty W. Siano of 106 Virginia Avenue, Appomattox, Va. came forward. Dr. Siano
stated she resided in the Falling River Acres subdivision. She has spoken on this subject
previously and has concluded that the Board does not care what any of the taxpayers
think. You do not really want our opinions, you just want us to think us so. How many
ways do we have to say NO WATER LINE!!!! We have presented petitions with over
2,000 signatures, written letters to the news papers and some have even resorted to
putting bumper stickers on our automobiles. Appomattox County residents have been
betrayed. We elected a COUNTY Board of Supervisors to represent all of us, not just
those citizens living in the town. If the TOWN wants more water, for whatever reason,
let them have it and let them pay for it. We are supposed to have a Representative
form of government. She has made numerous calls to her representative, and she has
not had a single call returned. This is representative government???? This is a lack of
respect and demeaning toward constituents, not a solution. She have been forced to be
very public with her intentions. She is 80 years old and this is not her nature. If you
really want to know how everyone feels regarding the water line, a referendum should
be placed on the ballot for the upcoming election. Thank You.
Ms. Sara Carter of Route 3, Box 238B in the Piney Mountain District of Appomattox
County came forward and stated she wished to speak to regarding her concerns about
the water for the County which she understands is a difference, if you live in town. She
is concerned about drought and economic development. If today someone would do
an extensive land use, that land use would be limited to the town because the town has
the public facilities. If we provide additional utilities and facilities along Route 460, we
would be putting Appomattox County in direct competition with the Town for that
economic development. The Town and County should be bound together. She would
not like to see one government make a decision that would negatively impact the other.
She would not like to see the businesses in town moved out on Route 460. She is also
concerned that utilities along Route 460 will bring more residential areas, which will in
turn mean more children to be educated, along with increased services from the Fire
Department and Emergency Medical personnel. This would also increase citizens
concerns and what it would cost the County. She pleads with the Board to carefully
consider how they address the impact that will come from that water line. How to insure
that the right kind of development comes and how to deal with the future impact of
such a water line. We need a better response to these questions. Thank you.
Mr. Bill Jamerson, Route 272, (P.O. Box 395), Appomattox, Va. spoke next. He has had
a number of individuals ask him how he feels about this proposed water line. He is in