675
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, November 15, 2004 the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held its regularly scheduled meeting in Council Chambers of the Appomattox
Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas E. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Carter called for the first item of business - Setting the Agenda: One new item
was added: 3A — Approval of Bills.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizens Public Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizens.
Tommy Moore: Mr. Moore wished to discuss the proposed water line. He was under
the impression that there would be a public hearing on this issue tonight. He spoke
about storm water management. He urged the Town/County not to connect to the
Lynchburg water system. We need to look at our water rights. He feels this could be a
very costly mistake.
Ms. Edith McCormick, Spout Spring: Ms. McCormick, too thought there was to be a
public hearing on this issue tonight. Ms. McCormick stated she did not see why we
wanted someone outside of the county to be in charge of what is best for us. There are
a lot of capable citizens who could do the things that have been sent out of town. For
example, the “Welcoming Signs”, everyone remembers the proposed new signs which
were the most unwelcome signs she had ever seen. The people finally won out and the
signs remained as they had always been. The citizens have spoken regarding this water
line, they do not want it. She has her own water and does not want to pay for pipeline.
She is a firm believer in “IF IT AIN'T BROKE, DON'T FIX IT”.
Jesse M. Rosser, Appomattox, Va: Mr. Rosser stated he was 70 years old and he
loves the Town of Appomattox. He recognizes that we are at a crossroads in our history
— Water — what are we going to do. Are we going to build a water line from Lynchburg
where we would have little or no control of the water; a pipeline from the James River
to our town or build a reservoir? Everything he has read states a cost of 16 million
dollars. The cost of which ever route we take will be upon the citizens of Appomattox
County. He is in agreement with Mr. Wilson in the building of a reservoir, which would