670
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Moore
delivered the invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Chairman Conrad added under
Appearances: Mr. Bill Barbour — Jet Broadband and also added to the Agenda was
Administrative Item #5A — Bids for installing lighting at Convenience Centers; Administrative
Ttem#5B- Broadband Authority Public Hearing.
Chairman Conrad called for public comment; Mr. Earl Dickerson came forward and stated his
address as 298 Fairway Place, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he wanted to bring some information to the Board that they may find
of interest. Mr. Dickerson stated that he was invited to participate in an open house for the IDA
in one of our neighboring counties where they brought in the full complement of the Virginia
Economic Development Partnership who made a presentation on the opportunities in that
particular county. Mr. Dickerson stated that he also made a presentation on the work that had
been performed by Hurt and Proffitt and they then had lunch. Mr. Dickerson stated that he ate
lunch with three representatives from the Virginia Economic Development Partnership each of
those representatives were involved in a different aspect of economic development or industrial
development and his comments were based on the times we are in and things being slow. They
stated that they are busier than they have ever been working with potential industrial clients and
places to put them in the state of Virginia. Mr. Dickerson stated that he would love to see our
industrial park thrive and in his opinion, we need an Economic Development Director who can
put together the best program possible in front of the people in Richmond and that is who you
need to be talking with. Mr. Dickerson encouraged the Board that when picking the person to be
our Economic Development Director that they pick the most qualified person that is out there,
because there is activity in the economic development world. Mr. Dickerson thanked the Board
for allowing him to come and speak. Chairman Conrad called for anyone else who wished to
speak during public comment time. Hearing no other comments, Chairman Conrad called on Ms.
Barbara Williams to come forward to be recognized for her years of service as Circuit Court
Clerk.
Chairman Conrad presented the following framed resolution to Ms. Williams:
Rasolution Noting with Appreciation tha Ratiramant of Barbar §. Williams ftom Har
Posttion As Clark of Create Court ofAppomettex Coanty
WHEREAS Ms. Barbara R. Wiliams retired om August 3 2009 attar #0 years of emplopmant with Appamatior
County, starting August 4, [969 as Dapaty Clark of Cireatt Chart and being appointed Clark of Cleat Coaxt om
June 1 I9TS and being elected to and servingin hat position uni her retirement, and