Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Rice presented the Board applications from the American
Legion to renew their raffle permit for 1993 and from the
Spout Spring Ruritan Club to renew their Bingo and Raffle
permit. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve these renewals. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Rice presented budget line item expenditures for the
County Year to Date through December 31, 1992. By consensus,
the Board authorized release of this information to the
newspapers and to any citizens who desires and requests it.
Mr. Rice presented a proposed schedule for FY94 budget
preparation and a draft notice to Department Heads requesting
budget information. The Board reviewed these and took no
exceptions.
Mr. Rice presented information concerning the real estate for
sale at the intersection of Route 727 and 604 where the
County operates a solid waste collection site. The sale
price of the site is $27,000.00 and is owned by Tom Owens.
It comprises 2.63 acres, contains a commercial well at 25
gpm, two commercial entrances, and perks. The Board
discussed the possibility of purchasing this site, but took
no action.
The Board next considered the cost of providing information
to the public and, by consensus, agreed to charge $0.25 per
page copied and $10.00 per hour labor to collect, copy, and
refile the information.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board of a potential Department of
Housing and Urban Development Grant to provide indoor
plumbing to certain people. After discussing the
possibilities and requirements, Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia, Department of Housing
and Community Development has issued a Request for
Proposals for participation in the INDOOR
PLUMBING/REHABILITATION PROGRAM, and
WHEREAS, assistance is needed to effectively and adequately
address the rehabilitation of substandard homes of
low-income persons to be served by the County of
Appomattox in Appomattox County
WHEREAS, an application for participation in this program has
been prepared, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County agrees to provide the
administration for the program to those in need in
conformance with the regulations and guidelines of this
State Program to include applicable Federal requirements
under the HOME Program, and
119