O44
for a better use. Mr. Torrence stated that the committee may not have done a perfect job
but he feels the job was thorough. Mr. Torrence continued that he did not feel that
anyone was considering what was best for the children. Mr. Torrence asked, “what is the
safest site?” Mr. Torrence continued that he would worry about his grandaughter being
in a facility that you could not control who walked in off the street. Mr. Torrence
continued that as far as the location for the proposed new school they had studied 13 sites
and this one was chosen as the best. Mr. Torrence stated that the figures show that we
can build a new school cheaper than we can renovate the old one. Mr. Torrence stated
that there was nothing to prevent Carver Price from being renovated for something
honorable and something we could be proud of. Mr. Torrence then provided financial
information for the County. Mr. Torrence continued that he had a proposal to offer as
follows: 1) Build a new school; 2) Make a decision to purchase the site from Bryant; 3)
Set up a committee of 10 members to study the best use of the present site; 4) Assure
citizens that Carver Price will not be torn down. Mr. Torrence concluded by saying that
the bottom line was that he did not feel that everyone was thinking about the children.
Mr. Bosiger asked if any other member of the Board wished to comment.
Mr. Carwile stated that he welcomed the opportunity to respond to Mr. Torrence. He
continued that he had sat patiently and listened to Mr. Torrence’s comments. Mr.
Carwile stated that earlier in the day some of the speakers had taken his thunder from him
so he would be brief. Mr. Carwile stated that there are so many concerns that have come
up since the public hearing. Mr. Carwile continued that the comments were not negative
about buying the land but were deep concerns with doing the right thing. Mr. Carwile
questioned, what is the right thing? Mr. Carwile continued that the right thing to him
from what he has heard is let’s not let haste make waste. Since the Board has not
determined the fate of Carver Price High School Mr. Carwile did not feel that the Board
should buy land at this time. Mr. Carwile stated that with that said he was not saying not
to buy the land, he was not saying to build new, he was not saying to do the renovation,
he was only saying that the Board needs time. Mr. Carwile says that with time he felt the
Board should look into the concerns that had been expressed at this meeting. Mr.
Carwile stated that after saying this he did not feel comfortable with entertaining a vote
on this issue tonight. In closing Mr. Carwile stated that he was for what was the best for
the children.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Carter began that there was not much left to be said that other members have not
already said. Mr. Carter continued that he appreciated the comments of the other
members of the Board, however, this was a very crucial decision and that he felt the
Board needed to take action in some way, shape or form. Mr. Carter stated that the
citizens that he had spoken with were divided in their opinions on this issue. Mr. Carter
continued that considering the input that had been received from the professionals that
were hired that looking at the figures, considering the children and saving the heritage of
the historical aspects of this project. Mr. Carter continued that if the vote on this issue
were taken tonight he would vote for a new school.