401
Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to speak during the Citizen’s Public Comment
Period.
No wished to address the Board so Mr. Carter called Ms. Anne Dixon, Director of
Parks, Recreation and Tourism to address the Board.
Ms. Dixon is appearing to provide a monthly update on the tourism activities that her
department has undertaken over the past month.
Ms. Dixon stated that some brochures and signs are in the development stages. She is
soliciting ideas from the town merchants and other business people in the area. They are
also working on a brochure for Antiques featuring four (4)local dealers. They have sent
tour packet to approximately 135 school systems. A group from Michigan is interested in
visiting next year with a group of 150 people. They will need lodging, meals, etc. Last
week there was a group here from Maryland. She had also met with the National Park
Service and others regarding future plans and there will be another meeting on December
3 from 4 — 8 p.m. to receive comments regarding the Park. A member of the Virginia
Travel Corporation will visit in December to assist with marketing ideas. She also plans
to advertise in the United Daughters of the Confederacy magazine which has about 9,000
subscribers.
Ms. Dixon also gave an update on the progress at the Recreation Park. D. S. Nash broke
ground about two weeks ago.on.the four baseball fields and should be finished by the end
of the week. The Frisbee Disc Golf course if basically completed. The goals have been
ordered and should be in shortly. There are plans to have an Olympic Frisbee Golf
Tournament for the State of Virginia here, and this should bring in major tournaments
and some tourist dollars. Ms. Dixon is also looking into a Department of Conservation
and Recreation grant for the construction of trails, etc. This would be a 80/20 matching
grant. Also, Rick Butler of the Forestry Department recently held a tree-judging contest
at the Park. Many surrounding schools visited the site for this contest.
Ms. Dixon stated that the Community Center rental revenue should be $1,010 instead of
$930 for this month. This money pays for our rental agent and a cleaning person.
Also, there is a chance that the Virginia Travel Corporation may have a tour group in our
region in March of 2004. Hope to get some business out of this.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Dixon, what in her opinion, brings people to use the Community
Center?
Ms. Dixon replied that most facilities are too big or not big enough. The $20.00 per hour
rate, the hospitality and the help with setting up the facilities, are some of the plus
elements in the use of the Community Center.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)