656
previous ordinance you could sell one acre lots at about a $30,000 profit and if you
change the ordinance to three acres she will not be able to make $90,000 on her property.
She explained that she would not be able to get as much value from her property as she
was told by reassessment due to this new ordinance. Ms. Clapp stated that if you are
trying to conserve property now would be the time for the Board to add timber land into
land use. Ms. Clapp stated that the people who live along the 460 Corridor are not able tosell their house as a residence, she feels are also being affected by this because she does
not see Appomattox County having enough businesses to fill up those areas from Prince
Edward to Campbell County so she feels that they also have lost property value. Ms.
Clapp stated that she feels some of these issues should be put on a ballet and let the
citizens of the County vote on them. Ms. Clapp thanked the Board for allowing her to
speak.
Andy Carroll came forward and stated his address as 208 Lucy Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Mr. Carroll stated that he owns fifty acres of property on Redfield Road and he has
received a copy of the zoning ordinance and he would like to offer some suggestions.
Mr. Carroll stated that he feels the ordinance is non-conforming, too restrictive and does
not allow for expansion and he would like for the Board to revisit it.
Mr. Carroll stated that he had received his letter and did not think it would impact him
and he later found out after getting a copy of the zoning map that his property was being
rezoned and it was understated in his letter,
Mr. Carroll stated that his neighbor was not aware that his property was being rezoned
from A-1 to R-1 and that it is a lot of farming land in this area that is actively being
farmed.
Mr. Carroll stated that he objects to his property being rezoned from A-1 to R-1 and he
ask that some additional time be taken on this and make sure that all land owners are
aware of all the changes. ‘
Mr. Bob McClenny came forward and stated his address as 4368 Forest Chapel Road,
Pamplin, Virginia.
Mr. McClenny stated that if preserving agricultural land is the purpose of this draft
ordinance it will be counterproductive because when you increase the minimum lot size it
is going to eat up more of the land at a faster rate. Mr. McClenny stated that basically
what this ordinance is going to do is take a larger portion of land out of production.
Mr. Clyde McReynolds came forward and stated his address as 1156 Hixburg Road,
Pamplin, Virginia,