310
Ms. Ferguson stated the Town/County is not in a contract with Draper Aden, we only
agreed with Campbell County to pay a portion of this cost.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to table this matter until more
information is available. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Meeting Place for Board Meetings: It has become apparent during the
discussion over the Town Office Renovation that the Board needs to find their
own place to hold regular meetings. The Town Council has been most gracious
and the Town Manager has made every effort to make us feel at home but there
are times when meeting dates conflict. Ms. Ferguson has checked with Ms.
Dixon at the Community Center and that building will be available for the second
meeting in March 2006.
Mr. Carter began by thanking the Town Council and the Town Manager for extending
the courtesy of their Chambers for Board meetings.
Mr. Craft made the statement that the Community Center would provide space for the
Planning Commission to hold their meetings as well as the Board Meetings which would
be more convenient.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to move the Board of Supervisors
meetings to the Appomattox Community Center beginning with the second meeting of
March 2006. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 6:55 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess.
At 7:30 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting following the Public Hearing.
Mr. Carter presented item:
7A. Request for Office Space from the Historical Foundation: At a previous
meeting Mrs. Conrad explained to the Board that there was some need for office
space for some non-profit organizations. She was actually asking for space in
the old elementary school. As you are aware, that plan has pretty much been
set into place, not that it can’t be changed but most of the space there has been
spoken for and this did not seem to be an appropriate place. After the meeting,
Mr. Spencer commented that maybe the Old Courthouse would be an
appropriate spot since there are offices located on both sides of the Courtroom.
This building is not being used and there is minimum heat available. Mrs.
Ferguson is proposing that some space be offered to this group in one of the
wings of the Old Courthouse. Mr. Overstreet seems to think that a public
hearing would be necessary in order to allow this to occur. Plus, we may also
want to approach the Historical Society and see if they would like some space
also.