385
BE IT RESOLVED, that the portion of Route 9020, Section 1, as shown in blue on the
aforementioned sketch having a total length of 0.07 mile, be hereby added to the
Secondary System of State Highways pursuant to Section 33.1-68 of the Code of Virginia
of 1950, as amended.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the portion of Route 9020, Section 2, as shown in
red on the aforementioned sketch having a total length of 0.07 mile be hereby abandoned
as a public road pursuant to Section 33.1-155 of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as
amended Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if any member of the Board had requests for Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Torrence asked for the road width on route 627.
Ms. Lindsay stated she would have Mr. Hall call Mr. Torrence on this question.
Mr. Moore stated he had been approached concerning the speed limit on route 26 from
Mt. Airy Church to Wells Fabrication. Mr. Moore continued that residents in that area
would like the speed limit reduced to 45 MPH.
Ms. Lindsay stated she would look into this matter and report to Mr. Moore.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused her.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Judge Sam Kerr to appear before the Board.
Judge Kerr began that his reason for coming before the Board was to request additional
funding to help him buy back his retirement, that he could have earned during his time as
part-time Commonwealth Attorney for Appomattox County.
Judge Kerr explained his position in this matter and continued that he had attempted to
join the retirement system at the time of his employment with the County and he was told
that part-time people were not allowed on the retirement.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pay an
additional $5300.31 to Virginia Retirement System on behalf of Judge Kerr. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Judge Kerr thanked the Board of Supervisors for their support.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Judge Kerr, and recognized U.S.A. Waste Services.
Mr. Lee Wilson came forward and introduced himself as District Manager for U.S.A.
Waste of Virginia and also introduced Mr. Weegie Thompson, Landfill Sales