697
District Commission. (Copy of Memorandum of Understanding in Board File
for October 2, 1995). Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from Dr. Thomas for guidance on
the Appomattox Elementary School project. Dr. Thomas explained in his
letter that the process was lengthy and he felt they should proceed
with plans.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board of Supervisors agreed for
Dr. Thomas to proceed with planning on the Appomattox Elementary School
project.
Mr. Paulette next informed the other Board members that a tour of the
schools has been planned for October 27, 1995 and wanted to know who
would be able to attend.
Mrs. Beasley, Mr. Carwile and Mr. Moore asked Mrs. Ferguson to notify
Dr. Thomas they would be attending the school tour on October 27, 19951
Mr. Paulette then informed the Board that October 21, 1995 had been
chosen as the day for "Virginia’s Great State Trash-Off" and asked if
the Board wished to acknowledge this event in Appomattox County.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, The Virginia Department of Transportation is sponsoring a
state-wide clean-up campaign called "Virginia’s Great State Trash-Off"}
and
WHEREAS, the goal of this Trash Off is to have as many Virginians as
possible out on October 21, 1995, cleaning Virginia’s roadsides, parks
rivers, and other sites; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors takes great pride
in their community;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors recognizes October 21, 1995 as Trash Off Day in Appomattox
County, and encourages it’s citizens to participate in this project
that will help clean-up and beautify our community.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request for funding for the Interstate 66
Project, Inc.
After discussion, no action was taken.