274
Auditor of Public Accounts
We have received the audit report for the Clerk of the Circuit Court and the Auditor of Public
Accounts has found no problems with the way that Mrs. Williams is handling public funds.
Monthly Department Reports
Please find enclosed the monthly reports from the following departments:
e Animal Control
Blue Ridge Regional Jail Expansion
T have enclosed for your information a proposed schedule for the Ambherst/Appomattox
Detention facility. Also enclosed are some possible site plans and design schemes for you to
review.
Chairman Craft explained that the next item would be a closed session under Section 2.2-
3711(A) (1) Personnel to discuss salary adjustments for several employees. Mr. Carter made a
motion to enter into closed session at 7:40 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to go out of executive session at 7:55 p.m. Mr. Conrad seconded the
Mr. Tanner’s motion. Vote Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft read the Certification for a Closed Meeting.
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provision of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
Whereas, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby
certifies that, to the best of each members knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully
exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discusses in the closes
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Craft asked if there was any action from the closed session.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve additional increases for three positions (Assistant to the
Building Inspector, Administrative Assistant, Office Assistant for Recreation and Tourism
Department. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye;