570
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 9:50 P.M. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:10 P.M. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 10:11 P.M.
Chairman
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
March 6, 1995 at 6:30 P.M. in the School Board conference room, North
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Chairman, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District (arrived 6:33 P.M.)
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney