136
that this issue could be kind of controversial? Mr. Carwile continued that he questioned
whether it was really as much issue as instilled fears that it would be controversial. Mr.
Carwile addressed Mr. Phelps and asked if there were any complaints on this? Mr.
Carwile stated that he would like to take it a step further. He would not like for the
Board to slap Wayne in the face with a vote tonight on the issue that far as he knows, and
he asked the Board to correct him if he was wrong, there was no where in the Code that
addressed this any way, shape or form. Mr. Carwile continued that he would certainly
like to think that before the Board acted the Board would give some thought into this
matter and check into it further before it was put to a vote. Mr. Carwile continued that in
all fairness to Wayne and those who have paid the price, being a Confederate flag, he had
no problem with it but maybe 99 disagrees with him. Mr. Carwile stated that he did have
a problem that it would have to be asked to the Board at the times it was to be used. Mr.
Carwile continued that would be in order. Mr. Carwile again stated that he would not
like to put it to a vote tonight. Mr. Carwile asked the other members of the Board if this
was addressed by the Code.
Mr. Carter answered that the Code absolutely did not address this issue. Mr. Carter
continued that it was common knowledge throughout this area that the flag was a
controversial issue. Mr. Carter addressed Mr. Carwile and stated that he was sure he had
read of this problem.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was sure that there was some out there but asked if we’d had a
problem here?
Mr. Carter stated that if it was out there why would you want to create a potential
problem?
Mr. Carwile stated that he was not suggesting that it would create a problem.
Mr. Carter asked that ifin Mr. Carwile’s mind everything would be okay and there would
be no disparity from the County aspect? Mr. Carter again stated that he spoke from a
County aspect not a personal aspect. Mr. Carter said this was not a personal issue but a
County issue.
Mr. Phelps interjected that he felt that he spoke for hundreds when he said that a lot of
people were not going to be happy with this. Mr. Phelps continued that a lot of men died
and lost everything they had in World War II and the Civil War and he felt a lot of people
would be dissatisfied if the Board told them they could not fly their Confederate Flag or
their First National Flag on the statue. Mr. Phelps continued that they were not asking
for anything, in fact they painted the poles. Mr. Phelps stated that if anyone wanted to
lay blame for the other day they could lay it on him because he put the flags up and they
belonged to him.
Mr. Bosiger said that he would like to hear from Mr. Moore.