603
Mr. Paulette presented information provided by the Department of
Emergency Services concerning the level of danger for forest fires, due
to dry conditions.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion that due to
emergency conditions, the Board adopt an ordinance to ban burning in
Appomattox County, effective April 10, 1995.
The motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Paulette asked Mrs. Ferguson to explain the VA Power Agreement that
was enclosed in the packet.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Virginia Association of Counties and
Virginia Municipal League have been working with VA Power to negotiate
a special rate for local government users. Mrs. Ferguson continued by
explaining that she had enclosed the agreement for the Board members to
review, prior to signing.
Mr. Paulette asked Mrs. Ferguson if she had been able to obtain any
information on the ordinances that were questioned at the April 3, 1995
regular meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she had spoken with Mr. Lawson, County
Attorney and Gary Gilliam, Sanitarian and their solution was change the
Restaurant Inspection Ordinance Enforcement Section from the Health
Department to the Department of Agriculture.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
hold a public hearing May 15, 1995 at 6:30 P.M. to consider revising
the Enforcement Section of the Restaurant Inspection Ordinance. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson also explained that in order to grant Messers. Ashby and
Taylor’s request, Mr. Lawson says that the Solid Waste Ordinance will
have to be revised.
After a lengthy discussion, no action was taken to revise the Solid
Waste Ordinance.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that she had received a notice from the
Commission on Local Government, of the proposed consolidation agreement
between Bedford City and Bedford County. Mrs. Ferguson asked if the
Board members had comments they would like to convey.
No comments were noted.
Mr. Torrence presented a request that Mr. Peterson and Mr. Garrett be
allowed to fly to Chicago to look at a used baler that the County hopes
to purchase.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to pay Mr. Peterson’s
expenses to go to Chicago to see the baler in operation.