301
accountability should be placed. Mr. Carter stated that Charlotte and Buckingham County
are in the same situation that Appomattox County is in, which is lacking a substantial tax base to make up
the difference. They do not have a land use ordinance. Mr. Carter continued to state that House Bill 2419
passed through Congress last month on a five year 289 billion dollar farm bill that subsidized for major
crops such as cotton, corn, wheat, and rice.
Chairman Craft stated that he would like to say that he did not support land use the last time this was
discussed by the Board because he did not like the way the State operated. Chairman Craft stated that
now he feels that enough numbers have been presented to the Board that he would agree with Mr. Tanner
and Mr. Conrad and support the land use ordinance.
Chairman Craft next called for a vote on adopting the land use ordinance. Chairman Craft called for a roll
call vote: Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the next item for discussion Administrative Item #5 —Additional Holidays.
Chairman Craft explained that most of the Constitutional Officers and County Offices have requested that
the Board approve July 3 and August 29" as additional holidays for 2008.
Chairman Craft called for discussion on this request.
Mr. Tanner stated that he felt this was a reasonable request especially with the low pay raise that it could
be a way to let employees know that the Board appreciates them.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the additional holiday request.
Mr. Conrad stated that he agreed with this statement and seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion on this issue.
Mr. Carter stated that due to the salary structure and because of the economic conditions this will be an
incentive for each employee to be proud to work for Appomattox County.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the next item for discussion administrative item #6 — Appointment to the Social
Services Board. Chairman Craft explained that Ms. Martha Watkins term expires on June 30, 2008 and
she is not eligible for reappointment due to serving the maximum number of terms allowed.
Mr. Moore made a motion to appoint Ms. Robert Ferguson Womack to serve a four year term on the
Social Services Board beginning July 1, 2008.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Moore’s motion to appoint Ms. Roberta Ferguson Womack to the Social
Services Board.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda.