194
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Musical and/or
Entertainment application from Larry & Sterry Davis to hold their annual Summer Cooler
III on September 10, 2005 and to waive the bond requirement. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
4. Bid for Construction of Ball Field Fencing and Backstops: Bids have been
received for the installation of fencing and backstops for the Sports Complex and
Community Park. The low bidder was Pearson Construction at $154,807.13. To
bring this project in under budget, the committee has worked with the successful
bidder to eliminate certain items. The new bid total is $77,657.62.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to award
the contract for the Ball Field Fencing and Backstops to Pearson Construction pending
review by the County Attorney, Mr. Overstreet. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
5. E-911 Telephone Equipment and Workstation Furniture: Verizon is the
Sole Source Provider for the 911 telephone equipment with a total price of
$341,727.38.
Three bids were received for the Communications Workstation Furniture. The
low bid is from Wrightline Furniture in the amount of $29,070.20.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve bid from Wrightline
Furniture in the amount of $29,070.20 and give County Administrator, Ms. Ferguson, the
authority to sign contracts involving the E-911 Telephone Equipment and Workstation
Furniture pending review by County Attorney, Mr. Overstreet. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes - 1
absent)
6. Road Viewers Resolution: There were requests to have two (2) roads taken
into the State System. The road viewers and the Department of Transportation
have examined the two private roads to determine if they meet guidelines for
acceptance into the State System. They are proposing that the Board adopt a
resolution taking these two roads into the State system.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the
following resolution as recommended by the Road Viewers and the Department of
Transportation:
WHEREAS, the Board of Viewers on July 27, 2005, viewed the following requested sections of
roads for eligibility as new additions to the Secondary Road System and recommend to the Board
that they be added to the Secondary Road System.
BE IT RESOLVED, this Board does hereby accept the Board of Viewers report and will request
the Virginia Department of Transportation to add the following sections to the Secondary Road
System of Appomattox County when the necessary unrestricted fifty (50) feet of right of way is
obtained, required utility adjustments are completed and funding is available.