184
After discussion, Tuesday, November 12, 1996, at 4:00 p.m. in the
School Board Conference Room was set for the first committee meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson was asked to notify Dr. Thomas of this date and time.
Mr. Carwile requested the other members of the Board be considering the
landfill situation and what direction the County was going to take wher
it was time to open another cell.
After discussion, it was agreed to discuss the landfill issue after the
public hearing on November 18, 1996.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the October 21, 1996 public hearing.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve petition 96-302 of William E. Jamerson to rezone property from
A-1 to B-1 with Conditional Use for Mini Storage. Property is part of
Tax Map Parcel #73-A-20A and is located on Route 460 between Route 648
and Route 667. VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
abstained; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Sheriff Staples to put the Dodge
Shadow back on the road.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence tq
allow the Sheriff to put the Dodge Shadow back on the road for
Sheriff’s Department use. VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that VJCCA funds received in FY96 and not
expended needed to be returned to the State.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $2,494.00 of unspent FY96 funds and return to the State.
VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then asked the other Board members if they wished to take
action from the October 7, 1996 public hearing on amending the Solid
Waste Ordinance to eliminate the small user fee.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
amend the Solid Waste Ordinance eliminating the small user fees,
effective January, 1997. VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented appropriation requests from Library fund,
Courthouse Maintenance Fund, Law Library fund and Maintenance
Department.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the
following appropriations:
$375.00 from the Library Fund
200.00 from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund