144
Business. The Purcell property is located on the right side of Autumn Lane at the end of
the black top street.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak in favor or opposition of this petition.
Having no one to speak, Mr. Spencer read the next petition.
#05-554 — Grace Hills Baptist Church Trustees — The applicants are requesting to
rezone 7.57 acres located on Route 691 between Lee-Grant Avenue and Route 719 from
Residential District R-1 and Conditional General Residential District R-2 to General
Residential District R-2 in order to construct a church. The subject property is identified
as Tax Map Numbers 63(A)42, 64(A)161 and 64(A)162.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Mr. Bill Jamerson, P. O. Box 92, Appomattox, VA. — There has been a misconception on
his part regarding this property. They have been planning to build a church for some
time and he had assumed that this was allowed. However, he recently learned that they
would need a conditional use permit to construct a church on this site. In questioning,
he found out that R-2 and A-1 permits churches by right. He is requesting this property
be rezoned to R-2 so that if they decide in the future to build an addition, they will not
have to submit another petition. A small portion of this property is already zoned R-2.
Mr. Spencer called for additional comments regarding this petition.
Hearing none, he turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:04 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
Samu €. ody
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, May 23, 2005 the Ai i
i 7 Al ppomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
seenats Town Council held a joint meeting at the Appomattox Town Office locatedon un len waa Appomattox, Va. ; The purpose of this joint meeting was to allow theers of these two local governing bodies to jointly discuss any related questions orconcerns regarding the possible development of the alternativ
e > PC 
e water
by the Regional Commission for the Appomattox area. eee