151
need to address pedestrian safety along the roads; and
WHEREAS, the Town has applied for a Rural Transportation Grant to fund the planning
process and assess the need for the addition of a pedestrian connection that would provide a safe
means of transportation for pedestrians; and
WHEREAS, in order to initiate the planning process, the Town of Appomattox has
requested support from the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors in their efforts to produce a
pedestrian safety study.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby support the town of Appomattox in its efforts to produce a pedestrian safety
study funded by the Rural Transportation Planning Grant.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Since the meeting was running ahead of schedule, Mr. Carter asked for a consensus of the Board to
move to the Administrative Items on the Agenda.
1. Regional Health Insurance Initiative: At the last meeting Mr. Gillespie of the Region 2000
Regional Commission request that the Board consider participating in the regional health
insurance consortium, at a cost of $3,500.00
Mr. Carter stated that it had come to his attention that this $3,500.00 is to be split three ways -
town/county/schools
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the County
participate in this program in order to get a better plan with better rates. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
2. Courthouse: At the last meeting the Board appointed a committee to work on planning the
courthouse. There are issues regarding this project that may not fall under the purview of this
committee. It is requested that the County Administrator be authorized to undertake the necessary
steps to ensure that those items not addressed by the committee are completed. The Board may ask
Mr. Moore, as amember of the committee, to coordinate the efforts of the committee and staff and to
provide any direction needed for the project as the Board’s representative.
Mr. Moore stated that Ms. Williams had sent each Board Member a letter outlining what was
discussed at the Committee meeting held last week
After some discussion, the Board by consensus agreed to have Mr. Moore act as a facilitator between
the Committee and staff, and to authorize the County Administrator to take care of certain things
such as demolition of Hunter House, finding office space for those offices to be relocated, etc.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing with the Planning Commission and read the
following statement: