268
use of real property for public purposes. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:33 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Carwile, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorde
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
ber)
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was any action necessary from the executive
session.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked if the other Board members wished to
take action on the School Board appropriation request.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$277,539.34 to the school’s FY97 budget to make debt service payment.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Bosiger to adjourn at 8:36 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman