101
would the County be required to maintain the current Courthouse once the new
Courthouse is built on this property.
4. New Courthouse built on Courtland Field: _ This would have to pass a voter
referendum in order to move the courthouse to that location, Also if a referendum
allows for this move, would the County still have to maintain the old building once
the new courthouse is built. If the referendum fails to pass, where does the County
build the new courthouse - the present location or the Hunter property.
There was some discussion regarding whether the present building plans would be suitable for the
present location or the Hunter property; what to do with the present building should a new
courthouse be built and who would be responsible for it’s upkeep.
Also there was some discussion as to what it would cost the taxpayers as well as the County to
relocate our court services personnel to another location for a period of approximately two years
while either renovation or new construction takes place.
Also there needs to be a fall back plan to meet the Court ordered time line, should the Referendum to
build on Courtland Field fail to pass.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to issue a Referendum on the November
ballot to build a new courthouse as described by the Judge on Courtland Field and in addition,
should the Referendum fail, which location the taxpayers would prefer, existing courthouse location
or Hunter property. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
3: Proposed Ordinances: A public hearing was held to receive comments from the public on the
proposed Ordinance on Jail Processing Fees and Ordinance on Conviction Fees to fund
Courthouse Security Personnel.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the following Ordinances as written:
ARTICLE IXx
ORDINANCE ON JAIL PROCESSING FEES
§147-65. Assessment of Jail Processing Fees
A. Fee Amount. A fee in the amount of twenty-five dollars ($25.00) shall be imposed
upon any individual admitted to the Appomattox County Jail following conviction.
B. Method of assessment; purpose. The fees set froth in subsection A, shall be assessed
by the Clerk of the Court in which the conviction occurred, along with the other costs
of the court proceedings, and deposited with the County Treasurer. The Treasurer
shall hold said funds subject to appropriation by the Board of Supervisors to the
Appomattox County Sheriff's Department to defray the cost of processing persons
into the Appomattox County Jail.