421
scraping when seeding is done in the spring but overall he is well pleased with the work
that has been completed. RSG Landscaping has been contacted to seed the slopes.
Volunteers will also help with the seeding process. For the present time, the land will
have to be watched for erosion. VDOT is moving ahead with the entrance roads.
Mr. Gilliam commented on the soccer fields and how he was amazed at the way the work
developed, with everyone knowing what had to be done and when to do it.
Mr. Kruschwitz stated they had about $6,000 extra involved in top soil and the slopes on
the back side. He also presented some displays of the proposed fields. They now have
five (5) fields approved for Erosion & Sediment (E & S) control. They do not have the
Department of Environmental Quality approval as yet but they would like to go ahead
with the development of these fields. E & S has asked that two (2) fields be done at a
time. He is writing up the contracts at this time. Each field has a balance in itself. These
fields will require about 33,000 -34,000 yards of earthwork. He would like to put these
out for bids. There will be no performance bond, no time limit, no incentive and no
deduct penalty. T hey are asking the Board’s permission to put these fields out and
would like to request a year to allow the contractor to do the work.
Mr. Carter commented that they have really done a good job. Every citizen in
Appomattox County is really proud of what has been done.
Mr. Carwile questioned the acreage involved in the preparation of the soccer fields.
Mr. Gilliam stated that it would required about 12 — 14 acres but there was still a lot of
acreage left for other uses such as wooded areas, and such.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow the Recreation Committee
to proceed with bid documents (reviewed by County Attorney) and once bids are
received they would come back to the Board for approval. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Ms. Anne Dixon, Director of Parks, Recreation and Tourism gave an update on tourism
activities including prices on the brochure for Appomattox County, advertising costs,
meetings with meeting planners from colleges, businesses and corporations in the
immediate area, etc. to give them the brochures. She also discussed the Directory to be
located in Courthouse Square. Brochures have also been mailed to tour operators in
North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Florida and Georgia. The Virginia Travel Corporation
visit scheduled for December 12, was cancelled. It will be rescheduled in January. They
are continuing to work on marketing strategies, etc and producing a winter schedule for
the Recreation Department. She also relayed a story about a bus tour group from Georgia
that she saw at the Plaza Shopping Center one day last week. She contacted Susan Book
on Main Street and one of the Visitor Center’s volunteers approached the bus when it
stopped on Main Street and told them what we have to offer as eating and shopping
facilities in Appomattox.