298
Yours truly,
signed: Betty Steele
cc: R. W. Bryant
(copies of letters in Public Hearing Folder)
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Caldwell to read two (2) other letters into the record.
April 12, 2000
Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors
Appomattox, VA 24522
Subj: Petition to Re-Zone Property - B. Moore
Gentlemen:
Recently Ihave become aware of a tequest to re-zone property located adjacent to Campbell County,in the Concord area, owned by Mr. Bobby Moore. This property is located between the old railroadline and State Route 609.
I would like to explain how the original zoning map was developed. We started with a base map thathad been developed by the Central Virginia Planning District Commission and the AppomattoxCounty Planning Commission over a period of several years. A team composed of Mr. David S.Nash, Board of Supervisors member, Mr. Bill Hibbert, CVPDC Executive Director, and myself,drove over the county and examined the most intensively developed land, ie., sub-divisions, largecommercial property that had previously been identified or that we were aware of, etc., to be surethat they were represented correctly on the proposed zoning map. Due to time constraints, we didnot drive over every road and examine every property in the County. I do not remember if we drovedown St. Rt. 609 past this particular property or not.
The newly revised zoning map was examined by the Appomattox County Planning Commission andthe Board of Supervisors and approved for Public Hearing. Prior to the Public Hearing it was hungin the Office of the County Administrator and examined by many residents of the County. Anyprotests or concerns were noted and presented to both bodies for possible correction. At the PublicHearing, held prior to adoption of the Zoning Ordinance, many comments were heard on the map.These were duly noted and acted upon by the legal bodies cited above.
It was generally accepted that the map adopted was the “best possible”, given the resources available,i.€., personnel and money, and that even though it was not perfect, the Code of Virginia and the newZoning Ordinance both contained the mechanics for change. It was anticipated that propertieswould be grand-fathered in without needing to be rezoned and others would be rezoned to eliminatepossible problems in the future as they were sold and developed.