151
It was the consensus of the Board to hold its Organizational Meeting at the CountyAdministrator's Office. They will consider the place of the meetings at this time.
3. Action for Public Hearing: A public hearing has been held and commentsreceived on the proposed changes to the Zoning Ordinance.
Recommendation: Staff recommends amending and readopting theAppomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Planning Commission at its meeting tonight votedunanimously to approve the Amendments to the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the Amendments toSection 170-57, FPO — Flood Plain Overlay District in the Appomattox County ZoningOrdinance. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA:
4. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular Meeting onNovember 5, 2007.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
6. Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent and supplement$1,715.00 to 3102-1002 - Overtime in the Sheriff's Budget to pay forreimbursement received from the school system for officers working security atballgames.
7. Library: Please appropriate by consent and supplement the following:
7301-5401 Office Supplies $425.00
7301-5411 Books 152.09
Total $577.09
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Consent Agenda aspresented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
8. un 2 from Departments:
Appomattox Animal Control
Appomattox Building and Housing
Appomattox County Landfill
Appomattox Parks, Recreation & Tourism Department
Comprehensive Services Act
Appomattox County Victim/Witness Program
* Appomattox County Public Safety
Mr. Craft commented on the report from Parks, Recreation & Tourism. He feels Ms.Dixon “hit the nail on the head” with her comments regarding Courtland Field. He thinks