662
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4A- Resolution — Central Virginia Livestock
Feed Storage Incentive Project and explained that Bruce Jones, Extension Agent, has approached
the County requesting that we participate in a grant application with other localities designed to
provide cost-share assistance for the construction of hay storage barns, grain bins, feed bins or
commodity storage sheds. He explained that there is no cost to the locality except Mr. Jones’
time, Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that this would be beneficial to the farmers.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the resolution to participate with the joint grant application
for feed storage. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none; he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
RESOLUTION OF AUTHORIZATION
AGRICULTURAL FUND GRANT APPLICATION
CENTRAL VIRGINIA LIVESTOCK FEED STORAGE INCENTIVE PROJECT
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes the importance of livestock agriculture to the
economy of Appomattox County and the stresses upon our agriculture industry; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes that stored feed represents the number one cost of
production in a livestock operation; and
WHEREAS, proper storage and bulk purchasing can result in significant improvements in
efficiency and cost savings, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County desires to participate with other Southside Virginia Tobacco
Communities in the Central Virginia Livestock Feed Storage Incentive Project.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does
authorize the submission of an application by Campbell County to the Virginia Tobacco
Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission for the purpose of obtaining grant
funding to provide for a livestock feed storage incentive to assist livestock producers.
The vote was: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#4B- Application for School Energy Efficiency
Improvement Projects and explained that on October 6, 2009 a memorandum was sent from the
State Treasurer and the Superintendent of Public Instruction notifying local governments and
school division superintendents of upcoming competition for allocation of qualified school
construction bonds. He stated that last week we were notified that the application for
participation in the program is due November 11, 2009. This program is a no interest bond
program that is being offered to finance energy efficiency improvements and renewable energy