492
of importance to the County, and
WHEREAS, the Board considers comments received during these public hearings when deliberating
about the issues facing the County and also considers ongoing input from citizens during the
deliberation period, and
WHEREAS, the Board recognizes that this input is both desired and necessary to perform its
function for the citizens of Appomattox County and that adequate time is needed to duly consider
the input from citizens, and
WHEREAS, the Board also recognizes the need to conduct the County’s business in an orderly and
effective manner and that the Board has a limited amount of time during meetings to conduct official
business;
WHEREAS, the Board provides for public hearings and public comments in accordance with the
Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
instructs the Clerk of the Board to accept written correspondence regarding issues under
consideration through the Wednesday preceding a regularly scheduled Board meeting and also
instructs the Clerk to deny requests for placement on the Board’s Agenda to discuss issues previously
addressed in a public hearing,
AND BEIT FINALLY RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors reserves the ability to schedule
additional public hearings as may be desired in order to provide the public with additional input on
issues of concern to the County.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
2. Redistricting:
The figures from the Census Bureau for the redistricting process have been released. The
Board needs to appoint a citizen to the Advisory Committee.
Mr. Carter nominated Mrs. Betty Ford to serve as the citizen representative to serve on the Advisory
Board with R. W. Mitchell from the School Board and Fred Underwood of the Electoral Board. Also
Jesse Hancock, Board of Supervisors; and Sabrina Smith, Registrar will be serving on this Board.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mrs. Betty Ford as the citizen
representative on the Redistricting Advisory Board. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Spencer has contacted several firms that have GIS abilities to take the data in the form
the Census Bureau put it on the internet, analyze it and actually do the redistricting in
coordination with the committee to set the precincts and other things that need to be done in