666
Mr. Carroll explained that one set was for the plan reviewer, Robert E. Lee Soil and Conservation
and one set is kept on file. Pages 10-12 is a summary of, not part of the actual ordinance amendment.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to accept the Erosion and Sediment Control
Ordinance as written and schedule a public hearing for January 22", 2002. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Board of Zoning Appeals: Proposed ordinance regarding the Joint Board of Zoning Appeals
with the Town of Appomattox. The joint BZA was created by resolution instead of an
ordinance and this action will correct that. A public hearing will be necessary and can be
held on January 22", 2002.
Mr. Carter had a question regarding Section C. Rules of Procedure, item 2: Does the Board of
Supervisors receive a copy of these proceedings.
According to Mr. Stidham, they do not, but can be easily accessed if necessary.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Hancock a public hearing will be held on January
904. 2002 to receive public comments on this ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Regional Commission: The Regional Commission has submitted a draft resolution for the
Board’s consideration regarding changes to the by-laws. These changes would alter the make
up of the Executive Committee to include all localities.
Mr. Kendrick asked Mr. Carroll to explain this resolution.
Mr. Carter feels this is a very good document and he is in support of it because it will allow every
locality to have representation on the Commission’s Executive Committee.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the resolution regarding the changes in
the Regional Commission by-laws as follows:
Whereas, the Region 2000 Regional Commission has proposed a change to the by-laws, specifically
Article VII - Section 1, in the makeup of the current Executive Committee, and
Whereas, the Commission is proposing the Executive Committee be expanded in order that all
localities may be represented on the Executive Committee, and
Whereas, the Commission is proposing to add those elected officials, or their designated alternate
who must be a Regional Commission member, that are currently not serving on the Executive
Committee, and
Whereas, the current Executive Committee office structure will remain in place which consists of