678
ABSENT: (Planning Commission:
Barry Morris
Shannon Dews
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Attorney
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held
immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone,
Please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting to Mr. Roark who read the first petition.
CUPO7001 — Grace Hills Baptist Church, 4320 Pumping Station Road,
Appomattox, VA: Grace Hills Baptist Church is requesting a Conditional Use Permit for
property located at 4320 Pumping Station Road (Route 691), Tax Map #63(A)42, 63(A)
161 and 162 and zoned Residential District R-2. Property is approximately 7.57 acres in
three parcels.
Applicant is proposing to develop a day care center for children aged 6 weeks to 4 years
old. The center will be open from 6:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday.
Initially the applicant hopes to begin with 25 children and a staff of approximately 12.
The day care center will be located in the portion of the building designated as the
Educational Building, which is part of the new addition. Future plans are to occupy a
separate building at the current location. A playground area is also planned. Exsiting
parking lot will be utilized for the day care center.
Mr. Roark called for comments for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Roark read the next petition.
RZ07001 — Charles A. Sowers and Shelia A. Goodman, Red House Road,
Appomattox, VA. — The applicants are requesting to rezone property from R-1 to A-1
in order to be allowed to place mobile homes on the property. Current zoning
designation prohibits mobile home placement. Property is located on Red House Road