565
She read several quotes from the newspaper insert — “Region 2000 Business”.
There was not one mention of Appomattox, it was all about Lynchburg. There
were fifty (50) business permits issued in May — not one industrial.
The people that have been trying to sell us on the water line project do not see
Appomattox as she sees it. She feels that the 460 corridor is going to be the
down fall of Appomattox.
Dr. Siano also remarked on a newspaper article on Ms. Ora McCoy, her ability
and influence and she can assist us in obtaining grants. She closed by saying
that she carries the burden of loving her neighbor.
Mr. Carter next called Gary Warner to address the Board: Mr. Warner is
appearing regarding his application for rezoning Freedom Ridge Retirement
Community.
Mr. Warner began by stating that the Town denied his request to have water and
sewer connections to this property. In view of this decision, he will have to
provide private water and sewer systems. He has been informed that this
property is suitable for a septic system. He is proposing to install 250 units over
a five (5) year period of time, installing 25 to 30 units at a time.
Mr. Moore questioned the use of Town sewer lines to this project. Does the
Town have the capacity to provide this without providing water. There was
some discussion regarding the monthly rental fee, the cost of the homes, and
who would be responsible for monitoring the conditions of the contract, i.e. one
owner must be at least 50 years of age and no residents under 18 years of age.
Mr. Carter stated that this petition has been discussed for almost a year and he
does not feel a lot of progress has been made. He still would like to see all the
schematics, the ability to have water, and attributes of this nature which are
most prudent to the County before a decision can be made to approve this
request.
Mr. Overstreet suggested that some of the newer members of the Board should
be aware of the legal implications of what happens and what criteria is used in
making this decision. He further suggests that this be discussed in closed
session.
The Board by consensus, tabled action on this issue until after the closed
session.