549
At 7:07 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following
statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning
petitions and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions
before the Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors.
Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in
discussion of the petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning
Commission meeting immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin a
hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments
from individuals to speak for and/or against the petition. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Spencer read the first petition: 04-313 — Percy & Linda Kidd — Conditional
Use Permit to use site for Automobile Dealership in the B-1 District. Property is
located in the Town of Appomattox on 702 Court Street, Tax Map #64A2(A)44.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Spencer then called for comments against this petition.
Brod Pack who resides at the corner of Lee-Grant Avenue and Maple Streets,
Appomattox, Va. came forward. Mr. Pack stated he was not speaking against
Mr. Kidd or his body shop, as he feels Mr. Kidd does excellent body work. He is
opposed to having a used car lot next to his property and he does not feel it
would add to Appomattox. He does not know anything about this dealership and
is against it until he finds out more.
Mr. Kidd questioned why when he rented his property from Mr. Pack he did not
make his opposition known. He wants only to legally be able to sell a vehicle he
has repaired, not operate a full-fledged dealership like Cardinal Chevrolet.
Mr. Spencer called for further comments. Hearing none, the meeting was turned
over to Mr. Carter.
At 7:10 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for a five (5) minute
recess.
At 7:18 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors’ meeting, stating
the next item for discussion was #3 — Administrative Items:
3. Bids for Grading Soccer & Football Fields: The bid opening for the
next phase in grading the soccer and football fields at the Appomattox
Community Park was held on May 10, 2004.