265
Thomas Drinkard
David Bailey
Gary Gilliam
Dennis E. Gragg
Aileen T. Ferguson
STUDY METHODOLOGY: It was decided that the initial step in evaluating
whether or not central purchasing is appropriate for Appomattox County
at this time was to collect purchasing information from the Department
of Social Services, the Appomattox County School Board and from the
Constitutional Officers. The guiding concern of the committee was that
Appomattox County not rush to embrace "central purchasing" if the
projected savings would not exceed the cost of running a central
purchasing office. The information to be collected involved what and
how much is being purchased annually by each entity and to determine
what savings if any would be projected by consolidation of the
purchasing function into a central purchasing office or some
modification thereof.
Specifically, Thomas Drinkard was assigned to collect purchasing
information from the Department of Social Services, Bill Slagle was
assigned the Treasurer’s Office and the Office of The Commissioner of
Revenue, Gary Gilliam was assigned the Sheriff’s Office, the Clerk’s
office and the Commonwealth Attorney’s Office and Dennis Gragg was
assigned the School Board.
Interviews were conducted and written comments received from some
participants also.
A second meeting was held for all to report findings and to consolidate
them into an intelligible format. In the absence of Mr. Rice, Mr.
Gragg was selected by the other committee members as Chairman-Pro-Tem
to complete this study for the Board of Supervisors. Mrs. Aileen T.
Ferguson, replaced Mr. Rice on the Committee.
FINDINGS:
1. Based on the interviews conducted, the Constitutional Officers
and County Department Heads (including Superintendent of Schools
and Department of Social Services) are on top of their spending.
They closely monitor their budgets and are very interested in
saving money, where possible, through selective cooperation and/or
collaboration. All reports to the committee were complimentary of
the efforts of the various officers to control costs.
2. That the Appomattox County School Board already has a Central
Purchasing function which seems to work quite well.
3. Based on the information collected by the committee, it does not
appear that a separate Central Purchasing Department can he
justified by Appomattox County at this time. However, there are
many areas where cost savings may be achieved and which probably
can be implemented fairly easily.
Specifically, these include the following: