482
"An issue has arisen as to whether the notice give by the Board for a special meeting to
be held on Monday, July 31, 2006 at 6:30 p.m. was in compliance with the requirement
of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act.
The Code of Virginia makes a distinction between regular meetings and special meetings
of boards of supervisors in Title 15.2, Chapter 37, "Virginia Freedom of Information Act”.
Section 2.2-3707 D, addresses notice of "special meetings’ which shall be "reasonable
under the circumstances”.
After notice was posted on Friday, July 28, 2006, I was contacted by the County
Administrator, Aileen Ferguson, on Monday, July 31° and was advised that some citizens
questioned whether the notice was sufficient according to the requirements of the Act.
It was my opinion that the notice was “reasonable under the circumstances” and
therefore, complied with the Act.
Having made those comments, I must add that there is no bright line test as to what is
"reasonable under the circumstances”. Certainly, reasonable and honorable people may
disagree as to its application.
Later that Monday, the meeting was postponed until Thursday, August 37, Although I
understand that Campbell County needs a definite decision by Appomattox County soon
regarding extension of the waterline and every day is critical, nevertheless, I believe the
postponement to have been a wise decision. The issues involving a waterline extension
from Campbell County and the creation of a Public Service Authority have been
vigorously debated in this community and I believe that the opponents for these
Proposals felt that they were not given ample notice of the meeting, (the purpose of
which was to discuss with Town Council the selection of a joint-committee to address
these matters with officials in Campbell County).
Continuing this meeting demonstrated that the Board supports the policy set forth in the
Act, which is "to promote an increased awareness by all persons of governmental
activities and afford every opportunity fo citizens to witness the operation of
government”.
I suppose this has all been rendered moot now since the meeting was ultimately
cancelled,”
Mr. Overstreet was thanked for his informative input.
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 6 - 11)
6. Approval of Minutes: Please approve the minutes of the Regular Meeting of
July 17, 2007 and Joint Public Hearing on July 17, 2007.
7. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Circuit Court Clerk’s Office: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$2,527.82 to the Circuit Court Clerk’s budget for equipment. These funds will be
reimbursed to the County through court fees.
9. Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$680.96 to the Sheriffs Department for reimbursement to the County for
overtime worked at Express Lane.