046
democracy that we represent the people. Mr. Carwile stated that his point was this, and
be well taken, neither was he negative or positive on the issue at this point. Mr. Carwile
continued that what he wanted to hear was a committee reporting back to the Board on
the fate that the present school before the vote was taken.
Mr. Bosiger called for other discussion.
Mr. Torrence stated that he appreciated what Mr. Carwile was saying but that was not
going to be done tonight and if the Board waited for that to happen it was going to cause
us to wait another year with the children staying in that building. Mr. Torrence
encouraged the other members of the Board to do what was best for the children. Mr.
Torrence asked the members of the Board to make a decision that no one wanted to make
but that needed to be made.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had heard Mr. Torrence repeatedly use the figure one half a
million dollars loss over twelve months. Mr. Carwile asked how could there be inflation
of that degree when employment was as high as it is? Mr. Carwile continued that the
federal reserve was making adjustments to keep inflation stabilized and that he could not
accept that inflation figure.
Mr. Torrence stated that the one half a million dollar cost came from Blair which
included construction costs going up 3 to 5% every year that the Board delayed. Mr.
Torrence continued that the high school twenty five years ago was 2.7 million and eight
years later we paid 3.7 million for that same facility. Mr. Torrence stated that it was the
increase in cost not inflation.
Mr. Bosiger called for other discussion.
Mr. Moore addressed Mr. Torrence and stated that he was speaking of the fact that the
Board would delay for a year not a few weeks. Mr. Moore stated that he was not
prepared to make a decision tonight.
Mr. Torrence stated that an excellent group of people spoke at this meeting and that at the
next meeting we would have an equally excellent group of people speak and the decision
that had to be made would be the same. Mr. Torrence continued that two weeks was not
going to make any difference the same decision was going to have to be made.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Torrence if he was ready to vote for a new school regardless of
what the people have had to say?
Mr. Bosiger called for order.
Mr. Bosiger called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Carter and Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Carwile, Mr. Moore and Mr. Bosiger, nay.