443
At 9:35 Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of personnel matters and §2.2-3711 A.5 for the
discussion of a prospective business and §2.2-3711 A.7 for discussion of legal matters —
Biosolids Litigation.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. Mr. Carter called the Question: ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked if there was any business to be discussed as a result of the closed
session.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to hire Jack Caldwell on a
temporary basis to perform the duties of Acting Building Official for Appomattox County
at a pay rate of $15.00 per hour. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to extend the duties of the Emergency
Services Coordinator (Mr. Fred Godsey) on a temporary basis, to include the
implementation of the E-911 system. This temporary extension of duties shall be until
the end of this fiscal year. Mr. Godsey will be compensated $1,500 per month. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, that since Mr. John Spencer has
assumed the role of Interim County Administrator, that he should be compensated at the
entry level salary for the County Administrator. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Overstreet had waited until now to discuss the wetlands resolution and how it would
impact the landfill as he had hoped Ms. Rockefeller would be present. He discussed
briefly what this entailed and how he felt it was in the best interest of the County to
approve the following resolution.