129
pointed out that section 141.6. stated ..... if it is not in conflict
with the general meaning and purpose of the chapter.
Discussion followed.
After the discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to over-rule the agents decision and approve the division of a
parcel of land (5 acres) from Randolph Richardson, to Kenneth and
Gloria Richardson without meeting the requirements of the sub-division
ordinance for the following reasons:
1). family division (brothers)
2). mot in conflict with the general meaning and purpose of the
ordinance and
3). it’s located in a rural section the County.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented the issue of the front loader truck and the
4 cu. yd. containers and whether the County would continue use of this
vehicle.
After a lengthy discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to report back
to the Board, with the number of tons that are being recycled and how
the businesses were approached about locating these containers.
Mrs. Ferguson requested permission from the Board to sell the 4 cu. yd
containers that are no longer in service.
After discussion, by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to sell any
of the 4 cu. yd. containers that we do not intend to use.
Mr. Paulette explained that VDOT recommended the County scarify the
entrance into the Vera site prior to VDOT placing the post to close the
entrance.
€D-
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to take
several loads of dirt to Vera and place in the roadway.
Mr. Paulette next requested a motion to encumber the balance remaining
in the FY96 Budget in 4203-3010.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to encumber funds from
Fy96 in the amount of $67,474.00 to pay for the Route 608 "Super Site!
and begin work on the Route 648 "Super Site". Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented for action House Bill 901 and asked if the
Board wished to offer this option to it’s employees.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
elect NOT TO ALLOW it’s employees who otherwise qualify to purchase up
to 36 months of service for retirement purposes for military and/or ou
of state service, the option to purchase this service credit. Vote:
ra