588
development of this group. In July 2005 the Town and County applied for technical
assistance from the National Parks Recreational Assistance Program and this planning
team was developed to look at opportunities for connections to the various trails in the
county.
This report essentially gives an overview of how these benefits to the trails and
walkways will enhance the quality of life, tourism and economic development. This plan
also provides an overview of local and state initiatives that seem to point to the
opportunities currently in Appomattox and with the latest phases in looking at these
connections. These include the High Bridge Plan, the Blueways and Greenways Plan.
Appomattox is seen as a key opportunity in priority for looking at connections locally.
Surveys were sent out last fall and a couple of public forums were held in September.
The surveys showed that 90% of those who responded indicated that they felt this was
a really good opportunity to develop walking opportunities for the county and town.
The scenarios that were looked at were connections between the town and the National
Park, connection between the Town and County Park, connection of the National Park to
the County Park. Also increasing internal walking tours within the town proper, being
sidewalks, etc.
Ms. Hitchcock gave a report on the percentage of preferences in reply to the surveys.
The recommendation of this committee would be to provide a plan of action to
implement a trail system within the Town of Appomattox and Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter asked if there were grant funds available for the implementation of these
plans.
Ms. Hitchcock stated there are several avenues for funding.
Mr. Wayne Phelps, Wall of Honor:
Mr. Phelps has requested a time on the agenda to discuss the Wall of Honor and to
answer any questions that he can related to this project.
Mr. Phelps began by stating that sometimes things get covered by a little black cloud.
Hopefully, things have pretty much cleared up by now. Mr. Phelps asked if there were
any other questions that needed answers. He further stated that they appreciated the
Board’s support.
Mr. Carter stated that since Mr. Paul Lee, the next speaker, was not yet present they
would move on to the next item on the agenda.
Mr. Carter then called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 - 6)
1. Resolution Adopting the Six Year Plan: VDOT Resolution for the Six Year
Plan for Fiscal Years 2007/08 through 2012/13.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following resolution
Adopting the VDOT Six-Year Secondary Road Plan. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)