565
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve petition
number 95-233 of William E. Briggs for Conditional Use Permit to allow
home occupation. Property is zoned R-1 and is located on Route 1065
between Route 727 and Dead End. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read petition number 95-234 of K. Wayne Spradlin for a
Conditional Zoning Permit and explained that the Planning Commission
recommended approval.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
approve petition number 95-234 of K. Wayne Spradlin for a Conditional
Zoning Permit to allow Used Motor Vehicles Dealer and Salvage Vehicles
Dealer/Rebuilder with the Condition that a maximum of 12 cars, he
displayed for sale with a maximum of 8 cars stored for rebuilding.
Property is located on Route 460 between Route 667 and Route 648.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the last petition, petition number 95-235 of
Stacey R. Lawson for a Conditional Use Permit. The Planning Commission
recommended approval.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve petition
number 95-235 of Stacey R. Lawson for a Conditional Use Permit for
Beauty Shop in existing dwelling. Located on Route 613 between Route
460 and Route 659. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a letter from Tour Dupont wanting to know what
type insurance policy was required by the County for the tour.
(Examples on file in February 1995 Board file).
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept Example 2
for the County’s liability coverage for the Tour DuPont. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked Mrs. Ferguson to explain the request from the City
of Danville for a resolution supporting a Visitor’s Center on Route 29
in Danville.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Senator Hawkins has been working on
funding to support a Visitor’s Center on Route 29 in Danville. At this
time Danville is requesting a resolution of support for this Visitor’s
Center. No funding is required.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
REGIONAL TOURIST CENTER
DANVILLE, VIRGINIA
ROUTE 29 —- CENTRAL VIRGINIA AREA