330
4. Explanation of Additional Expenses for Draper Aden: Draper Aden has
submitted additional information concerning the cost overruns on the water line
project as per Ms. Ferguson’s request following the February 21, 2006 meeting.
Mr. Armbrust stated he understood their explanation, but we have to put our foot down
somewhere. They contracted for this job and they should get it done. He is not in favor
of paying this additional $2,500.00.
Mr. Conrad stated that based on their explanation, they indicated that this particular
project certainly was more complex than originally thought and as a result what they
have ended up doing is basically putting in quite a bit more man-hours to determine
this. One thing we need to think about is it is important to note that basically this
project is something of real importance for our future needs and the development of the
Route 460 corridor.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Appomattox Town Council has not met since this information
was received. Campbell County Public Utilities understands and is willing to pay their
half of this increase.
Mr. Carter had two (2) questions. 1) They are talking about the water demand
assumptions. With this, can the assumptions now be met? 2) They also talk about the
water volume, will that also be met?
Ms. Ferguson believes the answer to both of these questions is yes. They know what
has to be done in order to meet the volume.
Mr. Armbrust says he agrees with Mr. Conrad and the other Board members, but these
people contracted and it doesn’t matter what they run into, they have a job to do and
they are a firm we have to work with down the road, but this is a incidence where they
messed up on the estimate so what are they doing to do down the road. Again there
are other firms that will gladly pick up this project.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Campbell County Public Services Authority is paying half
of the cost of this study up front. The Town and County of Appomattox were to pay the
other half. They have to look at the size of the lines, where do they put storage tanks,
is it necessary to put booster pumps, if so where to put them. It is a lot more involved
than just saying you have to have a 12” line here or a 16” line there. The water cannot
just set in the lines, so you may have to do some smaller lines and do a storage tank to
get the capacity that you want for fire protection or whatever. It is extremely involved.
She has learned more about moving water through a pipe, than she ever wanted to
know.
Mr. Carter expressed that he thought these problems would be covered in the scope of
the contract. You are going to have problems and the contract should reflect these. He
does not feel, we as a County can turn around and go in the opposite direction. He
does not want to pay this additional fee, but he does not feel we can be good stewards
if we don’t continue forward with this and sadly to say, do our portion along with
Campbell County.