950
effective July 1, 2001. She stated she had always found the Board members to be well qualified andeasy to work with. She had particularly enjoyed working with the present Board.
She stated that her position had been advertised and interviews would be held soon. She suggestedthat the Board write a letter to Tom Rainey, District Administrator in Lynchburg recommending DonAustin for the position of Resident Engineer in Appomattox County, as she feels he is verycompetent and knowledgeable and does have the welfare of the district at heart,
She also invited the Board to a small retirement reception that the office was planning to hold in herhonor on July 12",
Several members commented on what a rewarding experience it has been to work with Ms. Lindsayover the past several years.
Mr. Kendrick then called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile again brought up the concept of Central Purchasing. He feels the Board should thinkabout this.
Mr. Kendrick agrees with the concept but he feels this issue should be reviewed regarding: StateContracts, VACo, etc. Would we need one person to do all the purchasing for the entire County orwould each department be allowed to do their own. How would this work? He suggested that wetry to have something more positive by the next meeting.
Mr. Carwile also would like to have a some information on a way to reduce the tax rate. A differentway of collecting taxes and the possibility of putting these taxes into an escrow account.
There was some discussion on this issue. Need to talk with Treasurer as to the way these funds areinvested.
Mr. Kendrick brought up the fact that several people will be on vacation during the first week ofJuly. He suggested that the meeting scheduled for July 2TM be canceled and meet only on the 16" ofJuly.
The Board by consensus decided to write a letter recommending that Don Austin be considered forthe Resident Engineer position at the Appomattox Residency Office. Mr. Carroll will draft thisletter.
Administrative Items: (Items 1-5)
1. Adopt FY 2002 Budget: After discussion ona couple of items in the Budget, Mr. Kendrickmade a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the FY2002 Budget and AppropriationsResolution. (See Board File for June, 2001)
2. Region 2000 Regional Commission Steering Committee: ~The Commission is forminga steering committee to review Pedestrian/Alternate Transportation need for the Region.They are requesting the Board appoint a citizen interested in trails to serve with Mr. Stidham