902
and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick next addressed the Informational Items:
17a. School Board - Incentive Based Programs FY02: Dr. Krug has forwarded information
regarding this program in the Schools FY02 budget request.
17b. School Board - Monthly Financial Report - May 01: School Board has forwarded the
financial report for the Month of May, 2001.
18. Town Council Agenda: Town has submitted its agenda for meeting on March 27, 2001.
19. Rental Assistance Monthly Report: Mrs. Jones has submitted report for March 2001.
20. Library Board Minutes: The Library has submitted their Board minutes for review.
Mr. Kendrick asked if there were any questions regarding Informational Items.
At 6:45 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called for the Board to recess until after the Public Hearing.
At 7:03 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reconvened the Board of Supervisors Meeting and stated that it was
necessary to enter into a closed session in accordance with §2.1-344(A)-1 personnel matters and
§2.1-344(A)-7 legal issues.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into a closed session to discuss a
personnel matter as well as a legal matter. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:35 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Moore the Board returned to open session.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Mr. Kendrick read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and