307
Mr. Carwile continued by saying that he could appreciate the
athletic complex and the fact that the private sector was willing t
participate, but he felt strongly that this issue should stand on it
own merits as a separate motion. He stated that he could also see
that with the present proposal, the athletic facility would come first
with the other coming much later. Mr. Carwile also questioned how the
3-1/4 million dollar figure could be established when no plans had bee
drawn.
rot
if€8
7
Mr. Torrence answered that someone had to establish how much mone
could be spent and that the Board of Supervisors were the ones to do
that.
he
Mr. Carwile stated that he was concerned that the motion would hinder
if not stop, the possibility of a new school. Mr. Carwile continue
saying that the School Board and the Superintendent of Schools had mad
it plain that a new school is the route to take. The Superintenden
has given information that the present facility is being "coat hangere
together", and that the grounds are not adequate, and with the ne
addition the situations would only be made worse. Mr. Carwile has
problem with proceeding in this direction. Mr. Carwile would rathe
consider a new facility than see the Board jeopardize this wit
additional debt service for renovations.
Qs-€9
<a.io
O.-¢t
Mr. Jamerson stated that the Board had been told at previous sessions
the Middle School would be grandfathered in as far as the grounds ares
required for each student. Mr. Jamerson continued by saying that he
felt the Board should make the decision on a new facility or additia
and renovation to existing facility. Mr. Jamerson said that he has
spent a lot of time researching how to pay for the construction an
that no one had shown him any figures on how the County could fund 4
new school facility. Mr. Jamerson then called for a vote on Mr
Torrence’s original motion. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, abstained; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
D9)Os
Mr. Torrence made a second motion to approve the following funding:
1) 3-1/4 million dollars for addition and renovation to the
Middle School for 1995-1996, with the first debt service
payment in 1996.
2) 1 million dollars in 1994-1995 with the following break-down:
(a) $300,000.00 for two (2) mobile units at the Elementary
School and completion of four (4) to five (5)
classrooms on the second level of the old auditorium
(fine arts building).
(b) $700,000.00 for an athletic complex, contingent on the
private sector contributing $250,000.00.
Motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs
Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson then thanked the ACTIONS Committee for coming and returned
to the administrative items on the agenda.