370
ABSENT: (Appomattox Town Council)
Mr. W. H. (Buddy) Carson
ALSO PRESENT:
Mr. Andy Carroll — County Administrator
Mr. John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
Mr. David Garrett - Appomattox Town Manager
Ms. Bobby Jean Mullins — Administrative Assistant Town Office
Mr. Bill Phillips - Town Attorney
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Spiggle opened the Town Council meeting.
At 6:33 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting for the County Board of Supervisors which
was recessed from Monday, September 15, 2003.
The first item on the agenda was a presentation by Mr. Walter Hancock — Wiley &
Wilson - Water Source Study for the Appomattox area.
Mr. Hancock began by passing out a printed copy of his presentation. He then gave a
short synopsis of this information. The purpose of this study was to find another water
source for the Appomattox area and in doing so they had a specific task of looking for
approximately two (2) million gallons of water a day. This would cover the area for a
long time in the future. Mr. Hancock presented some figures on the current pumping
capacity and usage of the present wells.
This study presented three development options for two (2) million gallons of water per
day:
1. The Construction of a Route 460 Waterline from Lynchburg to Appomattox.
2. Develop our own reservoir somewhere in the County wherever the most reliable
source could be found.
3. The James River — intake from river and pump from there.
Mr. Hancock discussed each of these options with the following recommendations:
1. The scenario involving a waterline from the City of Lynchburg along the U.S.
Route 460 corridor to portions of Campbell County and Appomattox should be
pursued. This would provide finished water from the City of Lynchburg, which
in turn would be purchased by Campbell County and Appomattox.
2: Achievement of this project will require a considerable amount of funding:
probably from a number of agencies. Appomattox, being the prime recipient of
water, will need to take the lead an select an individual with considerable
knowledge regarding the various agencies to pursue this funding.