130
11. Revenue Max. Fund: Please transfer and appropriate by consent a
supplemental appropriation in the amount of $2,585.00 from the Revenue Max.
Fund to pay the Central Virginia Community Services bill.
LINE ITEM TRANSFER:
12. Landfill: Please transfer by consent $15,250.00 from the landfill disposal
budget to the landfill collection budget to pay for the new entrance to the Old
Oakville School container site.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 13-18)
13. The Annual Freedom Fund Banquet: Enclosed is an invitation from the
Appomattox County Branch of the NAACP for their annual banquet to be held on
May 14, 2005 at the Carver-Price Cultural Center.
14. CVAAA By-Laws Change: _ As you will remember Mr. Conrad explained at a
prior meeting the new procedure for appointing representatives to the CVAAA
Board. Enclosed is an explanation from the CVAAA for your review.
15. Lee’s Retreat Tenth Anniversary: You are invited to the Tenth Anniversary
celebration for the driving tour of the Route of Lee’s Retreat. The details are
enclosed.
16. Audit of the Circuit Court Clerk’s Accounts: Enclosed is a letter from the
Auditor of Public Accounts concerning an audit of the Circuit Court Clerk’s
accounts. All appears to be in order.
17. Department of Transportation: Enclosed for your information is the VDOT
quarterly report.
18. Public Hearing held by DEQ on Regional Water Plan: There will be a
public hearing on May 11, 2005 at 2:00 p.m. on the proposed regulations
concerning Regional Water Plans. Also, enclosed are several documents
concerning this matter that you may find helpful.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad stated that some time ago the Board discussed and initiated a lease with
the Carver-Price Alumni Association for use of a portion of the old Appomattox
Elementary School. We have signed this lease and it has not been returned to us. He
feels that at this point in time, based on events coming up and because there is no
action on this lease, we should consider voiding this lease. Tomorrow he is to meet with
a panel to interview three (3) architectural consultants that will be bidding on actually
doing the renovation work or making technical calls on the foundation work at the
school. Based on this, he feels we should contact the Alumni Association regarding the
waiving of this lease.
There were no other Supervisor Concerns to be heard.
Mr. Carter called for Item 20: Tentative Budget Work Session: Ms. Ferguson will
determine if an additional meeting is necessary. She will be contacting each Board