130
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrenc’:, aye.
Mr. Paulette then brought to the Board’s attention a proposal from Tony
Bright for upgrade to the present computer system.
Mrs. Ferguson explained this item would need to be bid according to
procurement procedures.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had any further business.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to contact VDOT concerning a dangerous
culvert just below Kelso’s on Route 460 at Evergreen.
Mr. Paulette then explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session at 8:30 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:33 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until June 25, 1996 at 7:00 p.m. in Town Council
Chambers. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Phikpeb
Chairman