176
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors supports the
concept of strategic planning and encourages the General Assembly to appropriate additional
funding that will afford the Virginia Division of State Parks the opportunity to continue to
improve and implement the strategic plans.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then reminded the Board that Mr. J. C. Rogers of the Sons of Confederate Veterans
had appeared before the Board at the December 1999 meeting requesting permission to fly the
Confederate Battle Flay on the statue in the Courthouse Square several dates throughout the year.
Mr. Moore continued that due to two new members coming on the Board this issue had been held
over until the January 2000 meeting.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to allow the Sons of Confederate
Veterans to fly the Confederate Battle Flag on the statue in the Courthouse Square on the
following dates: Lee-Jackson Day, April 9", May 2", May 31", June 3", the second weekend in
October (Railroad Festival) and Veterans Day. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that there were several supplemental appropriation requests for Board
action.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $38,682.90 to pay J. E.
Jamerson the second installment on the roof repairs and replacement. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye, Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $3377.86 to pay
architectural fees associated with the renovation and addition to the Sheriff's Office. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve a refund of $12.50 to Anthony
J. & Cynthia Heard due to decal being purchased in the wrong County. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appropriate $938.81 to 3102-5408 and
$264.75 to 3102-1002. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $3069.40 to the landfill
budget to purchase an attachment for the 973 loader. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $255.19 to the library budget
for fees collected for book replacement. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.