404
Ms. Jean Higginbotham ~ Amherst County
The VPI & SU District Extension Service served dinner at 5:00 p.m.
During dinner, Mr. Bruce Jones welcomed everyone in attendance and gave a power point
presentation.
Mr. Jones called on Ms. Evelyn Ferguson to give an overview of the Adult Expanded Food
Nutrition Education Program (EFNEP) in the absence of Ms. Wanda Evans.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in 2008 the Adult EFNEP Program has provided services to 110
families in Appomattox and Lynchburg.
The agencies receiving services in Appomattox were WIC office, Social Services, Head Start
and the Community Center.
The agencies receiving services in Lynchburg were LMJ Parenting Center, Liberty God Parents
Home, College Hill Center, WIC office, Food Bank and the Hudson House.
Ms. Ferguson explained that Ms. Evans gives lessons on how to prepare meals, safe handling of
foods and on shopping wisely. Ms. Evans actually goes into the agencies kitchens and helps
them cook.
Next Ms. Bonnie Tillotson gave an overview of the 4-H Activities for 2008 which are In-School
Programming AES, AMS & ACHS, After-School Clubs, Special Interest Clubs, Health Rocks,
Youth Mile, Public Speaking Contest, Share the Fun Contest, Summer 4-H Camp, Summer Day
Camps.
Ms. Tillotson gave an overview of each of the programs and explained what is done in each of
these programs and who has provided funding for these programs if so needed. Ms. Tillotson
stated that Appomattox County had 111 Appomattox Children that attended the 4-H Summer
Camp and stated that this year Appomattox will be camping with Lynchburg City instead of
Nelson County.
Next Ms. Ferguson gave a presentation of the 4-H EFNEP Program and stated that she had a
caseload of 800 youth this year.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Groups and clubs receive a minimum of six hours of nutrition
education and the ages of youth that are served are from ages three to nineteen.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the area youth receiving services are Head Start, Methodist Day
Care, YMCA, Fun with Foods, Tiny Angels, AES, Health Rocks, and 4-H Camp. The
Lynchburg area youth receiving services are Perrymont Elementary 34 grade, Camp Timothy,
Bedford Hills and Altavista Head Start.