385
Chairman Craft called for the setting of the agenda. Chairman Craft added
Administrative Item #4A — Resolution from Virginia Department of Transportation.
Chairman Craft then called for public comments, hearing none, Chairman Craft called on
Mr. Waite Rawls of the Museum of the Confederacy to appear before the Board.
Mr. Rawls thanked the Board for the opportunity to come and speak with them.
Mr. Rawls gave a handout to each Board member containing the information that had
been previously presented as a power point presentation to the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Rawls started by giving the history of Lieutenant Charles A. Wilkin who surrendered
here in Appomattox and who is also related to County Attorney J.G. Overstreet.
Mr. Rawls gave a brief history of the Confederate Memorial Literary Society. Mr. Rawls
explained that the Confederate Museum opened in 1896 in the former White House of the
Confederacy.
The first appeal for donations was in 1892 and was met with hundreds of items from the
veterans or their families, including the daughters of Robert E. Lee and the widow and
daughters of Jefferson Davis.
Mr. Rawls explained that in 1960 there was a tuming point when the Museum’s
preservation practices needed to be updated to meet modern standards.
Mr. Rawls explained that what sets them apart are their collections. Mr. Rawls stated that
they have the most extensive collection of Civil War artifacts which includes 5,000
domestic items, 3,000 military accoutrements, 550 wartime flags, 300 edged weapons,
250 uniform pieces and 250 firearms. International renowned research library with over
100,000 manuscripts, 15,000 books and pamphlets, 2,000 imprints and 600 bound
manuscript, scrapbook and newspaper volumes.
Mr. Rawls explained that the problem with their museum is the location which is
downtown Richmond and it is difficult to get to, so it was decided to take the museum to
the people and become a statewide system of museums.
It was explained that each of the museums that are being planned are of significant size.
The three locations that have been selected for these museums are Appomattox, the
Fredericksburg region, and Fort Monroe which will give a true statewide reach with
Appomattox being the first site to open.
Mr. Rawls explained that a lot of time had been spent on the interpretive plan and all
locations will be different and will be ideal settings to explore the major themes of
Confederate and Civil War history. Each site will incorporate technology and rotating
exhibits, as well as an education and multi-purpose space and gift shop. Mr. Rawls