260
firms that submitted proposals. Mr. Moore also asked that a member of the Board of Supervisorsagree to serve on this interview team.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that Mr. Kendrick would serve on thisteam.
Mr. Moore then explained that the Board needed to appoint a panel of at least three citizens to servea road viewers in order to move forward with the Country Haven Estates request.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the following people were chosen to serve as roadviewers for 2000. Ms. Lynette Page, Mr. Elantha “J immy” Drinkard and Mr. Claude Allen Moore.
Mr. Moore next introduced the matter of the Evantage Program for the school for discussion.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Moore also explained that the school would like to know if the Board planned to proceed withthe next phase of the high school roof project at an approximate cost of $250,000.00?
After discussion, Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to add $250,000.00 to theschools FY2001 budget request to fund the third phase of the high school roof replacement. VOTE:Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then asked the member of the Board when they wanted to schedule budget worksessions?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to schedule budget work sessions for6:00 P.M. on March 27" and 28", 2000,
Mr. Moore then called the Board’s attention to the additional items for consideration.
Mr. Moore presented another request for an exception to the subdivision ordinance from Ms. LisaWynn.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to over-rule the agentsdecision and approve the division of a parcel of land from Miss Lisa Wynn’s parents withoutmeeting the requirements of the subdivision ordinance for the following reasons:1). Family division (Child)
2). Not in conflict with the general meaning and purpose of the Ordinance; and3). It’s located in a rural section of the County. : -VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,