465
Conrad would like to see some citations be issued to those who continue to break the
law.
Mr. Moore stated that we should also issue a notice regarding the dumping of “white”
items (appliances) at the dumpster sites instead of taking these to the landfill.
Mr. Spencer will get in touch with the Sheriff regarding this and Ms. Rockefeller will talk
with Mr. Hamlett of the Times-Virginian.
Mr. Craft stated a closed session was necessary in accordance with the Code of Virginia,
§2.2 -3711 A.1 — discussion of personnel matters: 1) consideration of prospective
candidates for employment; 2) issue of assignments and promotion; and 3) performance
and §2.2-3711- A. 5 — discussion of prospective business or industry with no previous
public announcement being made.
At 7:30 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to enter into Closed
session in accordance with the Code of Virginia, §2.2 -3711 A.1 — discussion of
personnel matters: ) consideration of prospective candidates for employment; 2) issue of
assignments and promotion; and 3) performance and §2.2-3711- A. 5 — discussion of
prospective business or industry with no previous public announcement being made.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye
votes, 1 absent)
At 8:38 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armburst to return to open
session. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft, aye;
(4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Craft then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting in accordance with the Code of
Virginia, §2.2 -3711 A.1 — discussion of personnel matters and §2.2-3711- A. 5 -
discussion of prospective business or industry with no previous public announcement
being made.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Craft asked if there was any action as a result of the closed session.
Being nothing to discuss, Mr. Craft reminded the Board of the following upcoming
meetings:
Thursday, February 5, 2004
Joint Meeting with School Board