10.
11.
206
Ferguson informed her employees that if they kept what they have, they wouldhave to pay $29.12 a month or go with the Key Care 500 and the County will paythe entire premium. Needless to say, she has some unhappy employees but shewas able to justify this by stating everyone was doing this. Recently, Mr. BarryElder, of the Social Services Department, visited her and proceeded to tell herthat the Social Services Board voted to pay the Blue Care 300 premium($363.96) for their employees. When this information becomes generalknowledge, there will really be a lot of unhappy employees.
Mr. Carter stated that about three years ago, it was agreed that all countyemployees would be treated the same, and what is good for one side of thestreet, should be good for the other side. It also appears that the CountyAdministrator has budgeted for the increase in premiums, and the School Boarddid not take this into consideration. He feels the County Employees are beingtreated very unfairly.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in talking with Mr. Elder, he stated that his people weregetting only a minimal raise and with the increase in health care premiums theywould be getting no raise at all. She further stated that she has employeeswhose raises will not even cover the increase in health care. These employeeswill have to take the larger deductible and pay more out of pocket, thus creatingmore problems with collectors, garnishees, etc.
Ms. Ferguson suggested that she write a letter to the Social Services Directorstating that the Board of Supervisors is displeased with the situation of theamount the Social Services Board has agreed to pay for the health insurancepremiums for their employees.
The Board decided that Ms. Ferguson meet with Mr. Elder and Dr. Krug todiscuss this issue before anything is done.
Industrial Access Funds: This will be discussed at the Regular Board meetingon 9-6-05.
County Offices: This will be discussed at the Regular Board meeting on 9-6-05.
Mowing Contract: Mr. Overstreet has written a Memorandum to the Board ofSupervisors dated August 22, 2005 stating what he believes to be legitimatecosts for which Ferguson Mowing should be reimbursed. He stated he hadspoken with Mr. Thomas Lawson, Attorney for the Ferguson's, and they havestruck an agreement. He will briefly discuss this and if it appears there will beany issues, they could then go into executive session for further discussion.$234.00 - Workman's Comp. Insurance (original amount $750.00)
663.00 - mulch (which now goes to the County)
89.00 - Gasoline
104.00 — mileage for vehicles