362
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was action necessary from the executive session.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to halt all incoming tires scheduled
for Emanuel Tire of Virginia located in the confines of the Appomattox County Landfill
effective 12 noon on Tuesday, February 3, 1998, until all tires on Emanuel Tire of
Virginia site are removed, as directed by D.E.Q. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that Appomattox County claims no
interest in the 30’strip adjacent to the property of AE. Robertson (Sportsman Inn) and
property owned by Michael Scott. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was any other business to come before the Board at this time.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn at 10:50 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman UY
A special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on February
11, 1998 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Tina Carter — Landfill Supervisor
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 6:30 P.M. and stated the reason for the special
meeting was to discuss Emanuel Tire’s Operation at the landfill.
Mr. Bosiger then suggested an executive session was in order to discuss a legal matter.