630
Saturday, October 10, 2009 beginning at 10:30 a.m. and if the Board is planning to participate in
this parade we will need to get an application in within the week. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Chairman Conrad stated that it may not be possible for the Board to participate due to other
commitments.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to not participate in the Railroad Festival Parade this year. Mr. Craft
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#7- Additional Holiday Request and explained
that letters had been received from Constitutional Officers and the Director of Social Services
requesting that the Board grant an additional half day holiday for Thanksgiving. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that this has been discussed previously and feels it will help the moral of
employees.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the request of an extra half-day holiday on the Wednesday
prior to Thanksgiving. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#8- Land Acquisition and explained that at a
previous meeting the Board instructed staff to proceed with the purchase of two parcels of
property that will be necessary to the waterline project. Staff has worked with both individuals
and is ready to take the next step. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he has a contract prepared by the seller and an agreement has been
reached according to the price as previously agreed upon by the Board. Mr. Overstreet stated the
property is located on the Southside and is 2.791 acres and 1.37 acres which is owned by
Burrus/Conner LLC and the title is in place and the closing will be October 5, 2009.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the purchase of this property and also authorize the
Chairman to sign the contract. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#8A- Application for Fireworks and explained
that the Town had submitted an application for a Fireworks Permit for Saturday, October 10,
2009 at John Cole’s farm. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the application for Fireworks for Saturday, October 10,
2009 at John Cole’s farm. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for