63
closing the sites recommended for closure by Ms. Rockefeller and with manning
the five sites that are left?
Mr. Craft asked when we would know what it will cost us to join the Regional Solid
Waste Authority?
Ms. Ferguson stated that as soon as we make the request to become a participating
jurisdiction. She has not been able as yet to get in touch with Bob White who can tell
her what the other jurisdictions have put into this authority. They have been working
on this for several years and whatever they have paid in administrative and engineering
fees is what they would be requesting our portion to be. At the present time, she does
not have a figure on this.
Also, Mr. Craft wanted to know if we could back out after we got these figures?
Ms. Ferguson replied that we would not sign anything until we had all the costs
involved.
Mr. Conrad stated that in discussing this two weeks ago, we were certainly aware of the
fact that by taking this option of hauling the trash to Lynchburg, it would be cheaper
and it would give us some flexibility as far as our sites around here. Also, one thing that
would be easy to look at would certainly be a plus that in the event that we are going to
still have our landfill that we can reopen and utilize. Also, based on the information we
received, at no time would our landfill be used as a regional landfill, so as a result of
that it looks to him like we should give this a try as it looks to be a saving to the
taxpayers.
Mr. Armbrust stated he knew that we have been operating the landfill for more than
thirty (30) years. How long are our permits good for and could we reopen within the
allowed period.
Ms. Rockefeller replied that the regulations are in the process of being changed but we
would only need to amend the permit we already have. Our permit will not likely expire.
Mr. Moore asked if the regional landfill is the one in Lynchburg as you are going towards
the lower basin. He questions how much longer they will be able to stay in this area.
Ms. Rockefeller stated they hoped to be at this location for a few more years and then
most likely move to Campbell County.
Mr. Craft asked if our trash would be going to Lynchburg.
Mr. Conrad stated that as a result of the Lynchburg facility closing down, our trash
would then be taken to Campbell County. Do we know if this would change the “tipping
fees”.
Ms. Rockefeller answered No, the Authority actually owns the landfills and the fee would
most likely not change just because of moving.