589
Ms. Lindsay stated that she would look into this and see that it was corrected.
Mr. Carter asked if there were plans in place to repair the rough patch of road in front of
the daycare on Route 460.
Ms. Lindsay explained that this matter would be corrected when the weather permitted.
Ms. Lindsay then explained that a Primary Pre-allocation hearing had been scheduled for
March 29, 1999 at the Lynchburg Residency Office.
Mr. Bosiger asked if it would make any difference to Appomattox which route the
Lynchburg bypass took.
Ms. Lindsay explained that Appomattox would not be effected in any way by this
decision.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, she was thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Dr. Krug, Blair Smith, and Billy Perrow to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Smith began by saying the Board had requested his presence to discuss the plans for
the high school roof repairs.
Mr. Smith then reviewed the estimate and the plans for the next phase of high school roof
repair. Mr. Smith also answered questions of the members of the Board.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow the
School Board to proceed with the bids for the next phase of high school roof repair.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Smith to provide the Board with the estimate for the next
phase of repairs so the Board can keep this in mind during the budget process.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Smith, Dr. Krug and Mr. Perrow and called on Mr.
Bobby Moore to appear before the Board.
Mr. Moore came forward and explained that he had requested an audience with the Board |
to discuss his rights concerning property he owns at Concord. Mr. Moore stated that the |
Board had requested that he remove vans that he had stored on property on Station Lane
at Concord. Mr. Moore contended that he had vested rights to use this property to store
his vans and that the County did not have the right to tell him to remove these vans.