600
principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds shall be made in immediately available funds
to the VPSA at, or before 11:00 a.m. on the applicable Interest Payment Date or Principal Payment
Date, or if such date is not a business day for Virginia banks or for the Commonwealth of Virginia,
then at or before 11:00 a.m. on the business day next preceding such Interest Payment Date or
Principal Payment Date.
(b) All overdue payments of principal and, to the extent permitted by law, interest shall
bear interest at the applicable interest rate or rates on the Bonds.
(c) SunTrust Bank, Richmond, Virginia, is designated as Bond Registrar and Paying
Agent for the Bonds.
No Redemption or Prepayment. The Principal Installments of the Bonds shall not be subject to
redemption or prepayment. Furthermore, the Board covenants, on behalf of the County, not
to refund or refinance the Bonds without first obtaining the written consent of the VPSA or
the registered owner of the Bonds.
Execution of the Bonds. The Chairman or Vice Chairman and the Clerk or any Deputy Clerk of
the Board are authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Bonds and to affix the seal
of the County thereto.
Pledge of Full Faith and Credit. For the prompt payment of the principal of and premium, if any,
and the interest on the Bonds as the same shall become due, the full faith and credit of the
County are hereby irrevocably pledged, and in each year while any of the Bonds shall be
outstanding there shall be levied and collected in accordance with law an annual ad valorem
tax upon all taxable property in the County subject to local taxation sufficient in amount to
provide for the payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and the interest on the
Bonds as such principal, premium, if any, and interest shall become due, which tax shall be
without limitation as to rate or amount and in addition to all other taxes authorized to be
levied in the County to the extent other funds of the County are not lawfully available and
appropriated for such purpose.
Use of Proceeds Certificate and Certificate as to Arbitrage. The Chairman of the Board, the
County Administrator and such officer or officers of the County as either may designate are
hereby authorized and directed to execute a Certificate as to Arbitrage and a Use of Proceeds
Certificate each setting forth the expected use and investment of the proceeds of the Bonds
and containing such covenants as may be necessary in order to show compliance with the
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and applicable
regulations relating to the exclusion from gross income of interest on the Bonds and on the
VPSA Bonds except as provided below. The Board covenants on behalf of the County that
(i) the proceeds from the issuance and sale of the Bonds will be invested and expended as
set forth in such Certificate as to Arbitrage and such Use of Proceeds Certificate and that the
County shall comply with the other covenants and representations contained therein and (ii)
the County shall comply with the provisions of the Code so that interest on the Bonds and
on the VPSA Bonds will remain excludable from gross income for Federal income tax