289
follow their advice, and unfortunately for you fellows who want to hunt with rifles, the vote is the
other way and right now I really can’t go against my constituents, because I have too many I have to
go against, it is not a 50/50 situation. Saying that, you know where I stand, I have to represent the
constituents, I have always done that I and want to continue doing it.”
Mr. Moore asked if there was a motion for or against the rifle issue.
Mr. Hancock made the motion to lift the ban on rifle hunting
Mr. Moore called for a second.
Hearing no second, Mr. Moore stated the motion died for the lack of a second.
Mr. Moore called Elantha “Jimmy” Drinkard to appear before the board.
Mr. Drinkard stated that he was not aware of the fact that the Board had to give permission for the
use of the County Seal. He is asking permission to use the Seal on the new history of Appomattox
book.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to allow the use of the County Seal on the new history of Appomattox
book, seconded by Mr. Kendrick. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 6:48 P.M. Mr. Moore called for a recess to be followed by the Public Hearing.
At 7:50 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors’s Meeting.
Mr. Moore called Mr. Stan Goldsmith to appear before the Board.
Mr. Goldsmith thank the Board for allowing him to speak and stated his purpose was to give a brief
over-view of the activities of Region 2000. Some of the things we are working on and what we have
planned for the future.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Goldsmith and called Mr. Bill Slagle.
Mr. Slagle stated he had a very brief report tonight. He reported that the IDA project is on schedule
and on budget. There are some minor change orders but things are going extremely well. He invited
the Board to go out and take a look, he thinks they will be impressed. Everyone who has seen it, from
Region 2000 to the State, have voiced their appreciation for this park. There are apparently two (2)
prospects and we will continue to work with Region 2000 on these. There are two (2) housekeeping
matter to discuss. Mr. Walter Hancock and Mr. Berk Drinkard’s terms are coming to an end. Mr.
Hancock has consented to be re-appointed and I urge the Board to do so. Mr. Drinkard has declined,
due to health reasons. I have the name of a lady, Ms. Laurie Harris, who has the financial skills that
would be very valuable to the IDA and she will be available for appointment, ifthe Board so chooses.
He encourages the Board to take action on these as soon as possible.