308
litigation and a potential claim. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 9:12 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to
regular session. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then read the following Certifying Motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711(A)(1) —
of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussion of personnel matters and
§2.2-3711(A) (7) - consultation with legal counsel, via telephone, and briefings by
staff members regarding pending litigation and a potential claim.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure
from the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the
motion were discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the
motion were heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter asked if there was in action to be taken as a result of the closed
session.
Mr. Kendrick stated that what the County is looking at will in no way demean,
take away or circumvent the efforts of what the Town is doing right now. In fact,
we are very much in support of what they are doing and very much in support of
them keeping the visitor’s center open. What we want to do is simply enhance
their efforts . It is a little contrary to what people may be thinking. What we are
trying to do with tourism, is to take it to another level. The effort we put forth
will simply aid them and direct them. That is what we have in mind. We do not
want the public to think we are not going to work with the other groups. In the
coming months we will put a program together that will draw those who are
interested in promoting tourism to work together and we will see this thing
become a reality. We want the Town, the Chamber, the Historical Society and all
others who are presently working together to continue working together. We are
very strongly in support of this. What he is proposing is that we restructure our
Parks and Recreation Organization to also include tourism.
Mr. K endrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to restructure P arks and
Recreation to include Tourism. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Kendrick made another motion that in order to relieve the person being
placed in the Tourism position with some of her present duties, that the County