309
Mr. Carter had a question regarding “Random Site Visits”. How critical is this. We know
from experience that we may run into some problems that may surpass this and are
they going to be willing to acknowledge this and provide whatever necessary to take
care of the problem.
Mr. Overstreet explained that this is covered in Section 5.5 on a cost basis.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the contract with
Hayes, Seay, Mattern and Mattern, contingent on the approve of the County Attorney.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Old Appomattox Elementary School Cost Estimates: The architects have
provided cost estimates for the entire renovation project at the old elementary
school. I would like for you to schedule a work session so that we can review
these estimates and consider the space allocation.
The Board by consensus agreed to have a work session on March 2, 2006 at 6:00 p.m.
in the old Juvenile & Domestic Courtroom, upper level of the County Administration
Office.
5. Insurance on the Pamplin Fire Department Buildings/Contents and
Pamplin Community Center: Mr. Don Thornhill has toured the new animal
pound and is prepared to place this building on our policy when we are ready to
assume possession of the building. While Mr. Thornhill was in Appomattox, he
also went to the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department and Pamplin Community
Center to check to see if these have adequate coverage.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to
accept Mr. Thornhill’s estimate for the additional insurance coverage, but not to include
the Pamplin Community Center. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye; (5 aye votes)
5. Engineering Fees: Draper Aden Associates was hired to do some modeling
and system analysis in order to provide the needed information that would help
determine the water rates if we purchased water from Campbell County Utilities
and Service Authority. CCUSA was going to pay half of the cost with the Town
and County paying the other half. As the project progressed there were some
cost overruns and Draper Aden is asking if the parties would consider paying the
additional expenditures. CCUSA is willing to pay half of the additional costs and
is asking that we (Town and County) pay the other half.
Mr. Craft asked why there were cost overruns.
Mr. Garrett, Appomattox Town Manager, stated that Draper Aden Associates gave a
price but the project was more than they were aware.