599
other counties, what their populations are, what their growth rates are, and based on
what the land use assessments are you see a lot of them have an assessed rate for
$70.00 up to $250.00. At the same time another chart which indicates that based on
what we heard that this whole program was put into effect in the 70’s to halt the
development in certain areas so that you continue to keep the rural areas you have. For
the most part, those counties continue to grow. We are currently in a reassessment
process and we will have trouble ahead if we end up having our land assessed at
$2,000.00 or more an acre. About 70% of our county will be negatively effected by this
land use. We have been hearing mostly from the farmers, homeowners are not in favor
of it. He would like to have a public comment session to hear from everyone. It is
encumbered upon us to do what is best for the county as a whole.
Mr. Craft commented the need to have a public hearing. We also need to work with the
person that will set the assessed value and also the person who will be handling the
applications for land use as to who is qualified and who is not.
Mr. Overstreet mentioned that there is a methodology for determining this rate and an
organization at VA Tech that furnishes information to the Commissioners of Revenue,
based on an analysis. They then give this figure to the Commissioner of Revenue so he
is not just pulling a figure out of the air. However, he does not have to use this figure,
but he does have to justify the figure he determines to use.
Mr. Moore commented that he has a lot of confidence in Mr. Mays, the Commissioner of
Revenue and he does not feel that Mr. Mays would do anything that shouldn't be done
that would be against the County.
Mr. Armbrust agrees with Mr. Moore regarding Mr. Mays but he believes it is out of his
hands when it comes down to what is put in place.
Mr. Carter remarked that it appears the majority of the Board would like to have a public
comment session to make sure we hear from both sides of the issue. This public
comment session was scheduled for March 15, 2007 at 7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox
Community Center. Notice will be published for two weeks — 2/28 and 3/7.
Mr. Mays will be invited to meet with the Board on March 5, 2007 at 6:00 p.m. to
explain the formula used for these taxes.
Mr. Conrad left the meeting at 7:03 P.M.
4A. Request from Monte Mays: Mr. Mays is requesting funds to provide
additional help with the changing of addresses on the County Real Estate Cards
due to implicating the E-911 system. Mr. Mays estimates he will need someone
for about 420 hours @ $8.00 per hour for a total of roughly $3,360.00.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve
supplementing $3,360.00 to 1209-1003 Part-time Salaries and $258.00 to 1209-2001
FICA to the Commissioner of Revenue’s Budget for hiring part-time personnel to enter
changes of addresses to County Real Estate Cards and Personal Property sheets. VOTE: