613
Chairman Conrad stated that he had attended the State Education Committee Meeting in
Richmond and it is being pointed out that money is tight and we will be receiving less and less
money this year and next year also they are looking at going to the General Assembly saying if
you are not able to fund us to take care of the necessities then review all the unfunded mandates
and cut them when it can possibly be done.
Chairman Conrad stated that a closed session will be needed in accordance with Section 2.2-
3711(A)(3) for the Acquisition and disposition of property.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into closed session at 7:20 p.m. in accordance with Section
2,2-3711(A)(3). Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to return to regular session at 7:50 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Closed Session Certification:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad reviewed the upcoming meeting dates and times.
Monday — August 24” @6:00 p.m.
Closed Session to review applications for Economic Development Director
County Administrators Office
Appomattesx-LewnOffice
**Meeting Canceled**