553
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the low bid of $5,245.00 from Knights Dirt Diggers with
exception lead is removed before demolition. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none; he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next questioned if the Board may need to enter into closed session for
Administrative Item#6C. Mr. Overstreet stated that a closed session may be needed to discuss
this item. Chairman Conrad asked if the Board would like to complete the other agenda items
and then come back for discussion on item 6C- Museum of the Confederacy. It was the
consensus of the Board to complete all items on agenda before discussing Administrative Item-
#6C.
Chairman Conrad presented the Consent Agenda and called for comments from the Board.
CONSENT AGENDA:
Approval of Bills
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
Animal Control
supplement by consent and appropriate $50.00 to 3501-5402 Food/Food supplies for a donation
received. :
Comprehensive Services Act
supplement by consent and appropriate the following to the CSA budget:
5310-3001 Professional Services $166,000.00
These funds will be partially reimbursed by the State.
FUND TRANSFER:
Sports Complex Fund
transfer by consent $7404.47 from the Sports Complex Fund to the General Fund to pay the
enclosed bill.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the Consent Agenda as presented. Mr. Moore seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented the Informational Items and called for discussion, hearing none,
Chairman Conrad called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter stated that he was very proud of the action that the Board had taken tonight on the
Economic Development Director position.
Mr. Tanner stated that he was pleased at the way the Board worked together as a group tonight.