349
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Roark.
Mr. Roark stated that there was one petition to be heard. Mr. Roark then read the
following:
CUP 06003 — Mark Franklin, Route 679 (Double Bridges Road): The applicant is
requesting a Conditional Use Permit for property located on Double Bridges Road (Route
679) between Promise Land Road (Route 604) and Chilton Road (Route 645) in order to
place a mobile home on the property. Property is Tax Map #87-1-62 and is zoned V-1.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Mark Franklin, Route 679, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Franklin stated that he wished to
replace his home that burned in 1999.
Ms. Evelyn Howell, Madison Heights, VA. Ms. Howell stated that she owns the
adjoining property and she has no problem with Mr. Franklin placing a mobile home on
his property. She is currently renting out her property.
Ms. Cheryl Mullins, Route 1, Appomattox, VA. Ms. Mullins stated she is Mr.
Franklin’s sister. She is in agreement with this petition as Mr. Franklin is trying to
provide a home for his family. Also this home would look better than just a vacant piece
of land.
Warren Coleman, Double Bridges Road, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Coleman stated
that Mr. Franklin had a house on this property which burned down, now he wants to put
in a mobile home for his family. He is in agreement with this petition.
Ms. Ruth Coleman, Double Bridges Road, Appomattox, VA. Ms. Coleman stated
she would like to see Mr. Franklin place a home on this piece of property.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak for or against this petition. Hearing
none, Mr. Roark turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:09 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Ss emusd). 2. Coahpe
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman