416
we can get additional information from VACo.
Mr. Kendrick then asked Mr. Carroll to go over the Administrator’s Update. Mr. Carroll updated the
Board on the progress of several projects currently underway. These included: Personnel Policy;
Landfill; Reassessment; VEDP; Wastewater Treatment Plant; Enhanced E911; Special Exception
Ordinance; Cellular Towers and Intensive Livestock Ordinance; New Elementary School;
Recreational Department; Financial Update and Assistant County Administrator Position.
There was a lengthy discussion on these items.
The School Board is requesting to be allowed to cruise the timber on the new school site and receive
sealed bids for the approximately 30 acres that need to be cleared. The proceeds from the sale of this
timber would go toward the development of the new elementary school.
Mr. Kendrick stated he had no problem with the sale of this timber but feels the proceeds should go
into the General Revenue Fund because of the $9 million dollar cap on the elementary school.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow the School Board to have the timber
cruised and proceeds to be placed in the General Revenue Fund. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Virginia Region 2000 is opposing the merger of United Airlines and U. S. Airways because they feel
this would have a detrimental effect on airline customers in the Central Virginia area. They are
requesting that the Board send a letter to the U. S. Department of Justice opposing this merger.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board of Supervisors send a letter to
the Department of Justice opposing the merger of United Airlines and U. S. Airways. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
A public hearing was held in July, 2000 regarding the proposed fee increase for the Office of
Building and Housing. There were no comments made at this hearing. After careful review of the
increases
proposed, Mr. Carroll has determined that these increases will make the Office of Building and
Housing self sufficient. Is the Board interested in implementing these fee increases effective
December 1, 2000. (See November, 2000 Board File)
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enact the proposed changes to the Building
and Housing fee schedule effective December 1, 2000. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Board next considered the Consent Agenda Items: (Items 8 - 11).
Approval of Minutes for the Recessed Meeting of May 18, 2000; Regular Meeting of June 19,
2000; Public Hearing of June 19, 2000; Joint Meeting of June 29, 2000; Public Hearing of July 10,
2000; Regular Meeting of July 10, 2000; Regular Meeting of July 17, 2000; Public Hearing of July
17, 2000; and Joint Meeting of July 20, 2000.