325
neighbors do not either. He feels they should have a little more information available in
order to make a decision on this petition.
Mr. Carter explained to Mr. Mills the process involved before any final recommendations
are made.
Mr. Stidham next read the final petition on the agenda.
03-524 — John A. Masserini: Re-zone from B-1 Business to M-1 Industrial with
conditional use permit for concrete manufacturing plant per §170-51. Property is located
on U. S. 460 West between Rt. 609 and Rt. 667, Tax Map #60(9)1.
Mr. Tommy O’Brien of Appomattox came forward and stated he was representing Dick
Rhodes. This is for the relocation of the J. E. Sears concrete plant to Route 460 across
from Shadow Wood Nursery. There is already an existing turn-off at this location,
which consists of 2 % acres of land. This has been through the Virginia Department of
Transportation and the County Health Department and there is an existing site plan for
this property. They are requesting a re-zoning for this relocation.
Mr. Stidham called for further comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, he
stated the Planning Commission would hold its meeting at the Jamerson Memorial
Library located on Main Street and anyone who wished to make further comments was
welcome to attend.
Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 7:13 p.m. and called for a 5 minute recess.
Mr. Carter called Mr. Bill Slagle - Chair- CEDS Committee and Mr. Garnet Mills —
Chair-CEDS Tourism Committee to address the Board.
Mr. Slagle began by giving an update on the IDA activities. As stated in the newspapers
recently, we have landed our first tenant at the park. He wished Mr. John Spencer was
present to take his well deserved bows as he has spent a great deal of time and effort in
this and other projects that are still ongoing. They are also grateful to Mr Spencer for his
effort to bring about the $50,000 Tobacco Commission Grant for infrastructure extension
at the Industrial Park. He also hopes everyone has noticed the beautiful sign at the
entrance to the industrial park.
The IDA has worked actively in cooperation with the community recreational people in
hosting the Civil War Reenactment by allowing the use of the industrial park property
and recognize the e conomic impact this will have on our community. They are also
working with a group to hold model airplane activities. He recognizes the economic
development impact these types of activities will have on our community. The
Recreation Park was originally a part of the original property purchased by the IDA. This
100 acre park will prove to be a valuable access to the County and they are very pleased
with the $200,000 grant recently received by the Recreational Park.