060
justice for the citizens of Appomattox County".
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. John Notestein. Mr. Notestein
stated that "when he had asked for a private landfill it was
approved" and that he proceeded with his plans based on this
assurance from the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors. To
date, Mr. Notestein estimated he had spent about $100,000.00
for naught. Mr. Notestein concluded by informing the Board
that the $2 million bond would not finance the landfill and
he felt the actual cost would be closer to $30 million.
Mr. Jamerson next called Messers. Bill Hunter and William Hix
from the Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District.
Mr. Hunter commenced by stating he represented soil and water
natural resources upon which everyone was dependent. Mr.
Hunter continued by reviewing the recent problems dealing
with conserving these natural resources. Specifically, Mr.
Hunter informed the Board of three (3) watershed dams
constructed in the 1950’s for which Robert E. Lee Soil and
Water Conservation District has assumed the maintenance
responsibilities. Mr. Hunter explained these requirements
and the costs associated and asked the Board to increase
their donation to the Conservation District by $1000.00 to
help finance the maintenance at these dams. After a
discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to appropriate an additional $1,000.00 donation for
the Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson then called Mr. Raymond Mullins. Mr. Mullins
explained he felt non profit groups should not have to pay a
fee to use the Community Center. Mr. Jamerson stated he
would like to reconsider the issue in hopes of reaching a
more amiable policy. Mr. Carwile stated the Youth
Association had been using the Center as their office and for
storage and that he felt a $10.00 charge to use _ the
facilities was not a burden for anyone. Mr. Carwile reminded
Mr. Mullins he had agreed that a fair and uniformly applied
policy would be the best solution. Mrs. Beasley said there
were many worthy organizations using the Community Center
that could not afford to pay a euser’s fee no matter how
minimal. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
that the Board continue to operate as it has in the past
until the Board had an opportunity to reconsider the policy
in detail. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson then called Mr. Horace Coleman. Mr. Coleman was
accompanied by Mrs. Virginia Babcock. Mr. Coleman and Mrs.
Babcock asked the Board to appoint the Chairman of the
Appomattox Long Term Care Committee to the Board of Directors
of the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging. Mr. Moore
reminded Mr. Coleman that Appomattox currently has its
allotted two (2) members on the Board of the Agency on Aging
and that to seat another would require a revision to the
bylaws of the Agency on Aging. After discussion, Mr. Carwile
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to ask the Agency on