298
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Treasurer be, and is hereby,
authorized to transfer from the General Revenue Funds pursuant to this
Resolution, as monies become available, and from time to time to meet the
expenditures for amounts appropriated sums equal to, but not in excess of,
the appropriations indicated for transfer, as Transfer to Schools (Operation) and
Transfer to Department of Social Services for the period covered by this
Appropriation Resolution. Other inter-fund transfers shall be in accordance
with the direction of the Board of Supervisors.
Adopted: 16-Jun-08
Aileen T. Ferguson
County Administrator
Mr. Conrad made a motion to adopt the FY2009 Appropriation Resolution as presented. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #2- Livestock Damage Claim and called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve Livestock Damage Claim in the amount of 370.50 for Randy Trent.
Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion. Hearing none,
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — Landfill Gas Extraction System Change Order and
called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the change order as presented and Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion. Hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a
roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Johnnie Roark to give the Board a brief update on the Governor’s
Conference on Drought that he attended on June 2", 2008.
Mr. Roark began that after attending this conference he would like to make the Board aware of the
drought status stands for the upcoming year. Mr. Roark explained that since October 2006 statewide
precipitation has been down by 18 percent and most recent rains have made up for shortfall, however we
are still about 10 percent below the average rainfall for this time of the year. Mr. Roark stated that as the
County stands now this area is still low on rainfall. Currently less than 8 percent of the State is within
moderate drought conditions. Appomattox County is on the fringe of this area which is minimal drought
conditions. Mr. Roark explained that we could be looking at some serious conditions coming at
Appomattox County. Mr, Roark stated that Virginia has two months that are usually considered drought
months which are July and August and that is normal for this part of the world. Mr. Roark stated that we