089
Mr. Kendrick next presented Information Items for consideration:
12. _ Railroad Festival Parade: The Railroad Festival Parade is scheduled for October 13".
Does any Board member wish to participate in this parade? If so, do you wish to walk or
ride?
13. School: The School Board has submitted it’s financial statement for October, 2001.
Dr. Krug has also submitted a letter regarding the disposition of the current elementary
school.
14. County Administrator’s Report: Mr. Carroll has submitted the Administrator’s Update
for August. If you have any questions, he will be glad to address them.
15. Region 2000 Regional Commission: Minutes of the Commissioners Executive
Committee meeting of August 9, 2001 for the Board’s review.
16. Town Council Agenda: Town Councils agenda for the August 28" meeting.
17. Business Development Centre: Update on services regarding assistance, and training
for June - July 2001.
18. STEPS, Inc.: Thank you note from STEPS, Inc. for donation from Board.
19. Workforce Investment Board: Notice regarding Governor’s Workforce Leadership
Conference in Richmond on October 23rd and 24". If anyone wishes to attend, Mr.
Carroll can provide more information.
Mr. Kendrick called for comments or questions regarding the Informational Items.
At 8:07 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter the Board voted to adjourn.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Z
Je . Kendrick, Chairman
At 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, September 4, 2001 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Public Hearing on Land Application for Biosolids Ordinance at the Appomattox County Courthouse,
Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va. 24522
At 7:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This public hearing provides interested parties with the opportunity to speak for or against the Land
Application of Biosolids Ordinance before the Appomattox County Supervisors. Please note that