446
Carwile stated that he felt strongly and that he was hurt when it came back to him, and
that it had to come from some of the I.D.A. members, that they had come back to the
Board and said their recommendations on some of the smaller parcels of land, not really
their recommendation but that it was out here, that the board told them to move out to the
bigger tract. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not know anything about this and that he
had contacted Mr. Torrence and Mr. Moore and they had assured him they knew nothing
about this either, the I.D.A. moved out from somebody, a member of the Board, did give
them the approval to move out and make the scale larger. He stated that did not set very
well with him. He continued that he was also deeply concerned that when this was
advertised in the local paper it stated that this would be a public forum for the LD.A. and
the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Bosiger and stated that at the
opening of that meeting Mr. Bosiger stood up and took that right away from the tax
payers that had to pay for the project, by his statement that questions would be directed to
the LD.A. Mr. Carwile stated that two Board members, Mr. Bosiger and Mr. Torrence,
caught themselves trying to answer after Mr. Bosiger’s statement not to respond. Mr.
Carwile stated that he had a problem that the I.D.A. conducted the public comment
session and that the floor had never been opened up for citizens to ask questions of the
elected governing body. Mr. Carwile went on to state his understanding of how the
financing worked. Mr. Carwile stated that he had received more negative comments than
positive. Mr. Carwile again stated that he hoped the Board could come together on some
common ground to please and appease everyone. Mr. Carwile stated that the assessed
value of the land was much less than the price the I.D.A. was prepared to pay. Mr.
Carwile stated he came up with roughly 1 million dollars between the assessed value and
what the I.D.A. recommended paying. Mr. Carwile continued that he had a problem with
the L.D.A. because they went out and recommended to the Board the purchase of this
tract. Mr. Carwile continued that if this is what he could expect from the I.D.A. then he
had a problem with the LD.A. But he stated he did not have a problem with the I.D.A.
They were all fine gentlemen and he had a part in putting them in this position. Mr.
Carwile stated that the last kicker was a letter from the Town that ties the County into, if
you purchase this land, Mr. Carwile continued that someone was going to have to show
him something different. He continued that what he had was a letter that was unofficial,
but the letter tied him in to, if you purchase the land tonight, the way he interprets this
letter, is information that was not given to the Board that has to make the decision, was
not there at the public forum Monday night, and it troubles Mr. Carwile that this is 11/2
million dollars that was not brought into the picture. Mr. Carwile stated that the letter is
from the Town to the Board of Supervisors, dated July 6, 1998 and received July 14,
1998, Mr. Carwile stated attached to this letter was a faxed copy from Hurt and Proffitt
dated July 2, 1998. Mr. Carwile stated that he had a problem with this, as a cripple man
he believed he could have gotten this letter from the Town Office to the County Office in
fifteen or twenty minutes, but it was eight days getting there. Mr. Carwile pointed out
that the letter was stamped received in the Supervisors Office one day after the public
forum. Mr. Carwile questioned how a decision could be made when this information had
not been available until recently. Mr. Carwile stated that he had begun thinking there
was something out there from the Town and therefore he got to looking for it. He
explained that it had troubled him. Mr. Carwile stated neither the I.D.A. nor Hurt and
Proffitt had the responsibility to surface this information. Mr. Carwile explained how he