343
This Agreement made and entered into this the 2? day of September, 2008, by and
between the County of Appomattox, Virginia, by and through its Department of Parks
and Recreation (“ACPR” herein) and the Appomattox County Public Schools (“ACPS”
herein).
Whereas, the Appomattox County Community Park trail areas are owned and utilized by
Appomattox County through ACPR; and
Whereas, ACPS wishes to use said trails for practices and meets by it cross- country
team; and
Whereas, the parties hereto have agreed to said use under the terms and conditions set
forth herein.
That for and in consideration of the terms herein, and the benefit to the citizens of
Appomattox County, Virginia, the parties hereto do covenant and agree, as follows:
1. ACPR agrees to allow ACPS to use its trail areas located at the Appomattox Community
Park for practices and meets by its cross-country team during the 2008 Fall sports season.
2. ACPS understands that said trail areas are not maintained and it assumes the risk of said
use, ACPR makes no warranties nor representations as to the condition or suitability of
said trails for the purpose of the intended use. ACPS has examined the trail areas and
accepts them in their current condition “as is”.
3. ACPR shall not be liable for any injury to person or damage to property as s result of the
use of said trail areas, unless caused by its own negligence.
4. ACPS will remove any trash or debris deposited within said trail areas during its use
immediately thereafter.
5. ACPS will abide by the Appomattox County Facility Rules.
6. To the extent allowed by law ACPS shall indemnify and hold harmless ACPR against
and from any and all claims, demands, causes of action, actions, suits, proceedings,
damages, costs, or liabilities of every kind and nature whatsoever, including but not
limited to, damages for injury or death or damage to person or property, and regardless of
the merit of any of the same, against all liability to others, and against any loss, cost, and
expenses resulting or arising out of the same, including the attorney’s fees, accounting
fees, per diem expenses, traveling and transportation expenses or other cost or expenses
arising out of or pertaining to the performance of the Agreement, unless resulting from
the negligence of the ACPR.
Witness the following signatures and seals:
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the agreement between Appomattox County Public
Schools and Parks and Recreation for use of the trails at the Community Park.