197
environment from hazardous materials at the site. The protection plan
recommended by Engineering Science Inc. has been rejected by the
environmental Protection Agency. Instead, the EPA proposes a
prohibitively expensive plan that would provide less protection to
public health than the plan proposed by Engineering Science, Inc.
Following are facts Mr. Cowen reported.
In a Superfund site the final decision on cleanup is made by the
Federal EPA, but the cleanup is paid for by the PRP’s (potentially
responsible parties). PRP’s include companies that took waste to the
landfill as well as the owner of the landfill.
Thomasville and Buckingham County are both PRP’s.
Everything Thomasville did was legal and in accordance with state
permits.
The landfill has been owned by Buckingham County since 1982. The
landfill was closed and caps put on trenches in 1983. "Caps" keep
rainwater from running through the buried waste and into the
groundwater.
The hazardous material landfill area is less than 3 acres.
The major study done for EPA by Engineering Science, Inc. on what
should be done at the landfill costs over $1 million and was paid for
by the PRP’s.
Study Results:
- Only in the groundwater directly beneath the site is the
contamination level unacceptable.
- There is no current risk to the public health or to the
environment as the site exists today.
- Only if a person built a house on this land and had a well in
the middle of the landfill, or disturbed the landfill cap, would any
risk exist. And this is not possible, since the county owns the
property.
Study Recommendation:
- Engineering Science, Inc., recommended a new, more extensive cap
be placed over the hazardous landfill area and continuously monitored
for at least 30 years. Should a problem develop, which is unlikely,
the responsible parties would then be required to take appropriate
action.
- Even though there are no health risks now, the PRP’s are
prepared to carry out Engineering Science’s protection plan for the
site.
EPA Preliminary Recommendation: