398
prior to renewing his license. Mr. Cole stated that his business would not cause any
problems at the new location. Mr. Cole asked for a favorable decision from the Board.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments concerning this petition.
Mrs. Joyce Platel came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 971, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Platel continued that she was not in favor of allowing this business in a
residential neighborhood. Mrs. Platel stated that there were children in this subdivision
and that their safety had to be considered. Mrs. Platel asked that the petition be denied.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-339 of Berkley Cabaniss and others to rezone
property from R-1 to A-1. Property is Tax Map Numbers 50-A-18 through 21 located on
Route 613 between Route 659 and Route 341.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Berkley Cabaniss came forward and stated his address as Route 4 Box 200,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Cabaniss stated he wanted the rezoning in order to place a
mobile home on his property for his great granddaughter.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Bill Williamson came forward and gave his address as Route 4 Box 214,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Williamson stated that when zoning was first implemented
he had requested that his lots be zoned A-1 and had been assured that this had been taken
care of but that in checking later he found out that it had not. Mr. Williamson stated he
wants his property rezoned to A-1.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Wayne Phelps came forward and gave his address as Route 4 Box 225, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Phelps continued that he was a large landowner in this area and that this
was a Situation of looking after family and he felt that the request should be granted. Mr.
Phelps again stated that he was in favor of the rezoning request.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the final zoning petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-340 of Jane D. and Mario Luongo for a conditional
use permit to allow home occupation in accessory building (electrical contractor).