142
the building tolerable during the winter months. Mr. Chernault
continued the second request was for the Board to contribute funds
towards paying workers to man the museum. Mr. Chernault stated their
volunteers were paid $5.00 per hour to help defray their cost, and he
was requesting a contribution of $1,000.00 to help defray these costs
to the Historical Society.
Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Chernault had checked out the electric service
in the museum to see if it could support baseboard heat.
Mr. Chernault explained he had not.
Mr. Paulette stated he felt the Board of Supervisors should take a lod
at the feasibility of making improvements to the building prior to
upgrading the heat. Mr. Paulette continued he thought there were
problems with the roof.
Mr. Moore asked the number of people who visited the museum.
Mr. Chernault stated he felt those numbers would be around fifty (50)
people per day. Mr. Chernault stated the fee for touring the museum
was $2.00 per adult and $1.00 per child.
Mrs. Ferguson asked Mr. Chernault if he would say they brought in
$100.00 per day?
Mr. Chernault stated he thought fifty (50) people per day might be a
little high because they had been bringing in approximately $300.00 pel
week.
Mr. Carwile asked if the Historical Society had considered moving the
contents of the museum to the Visitor’s Center.
Mr. Chernault said they had not looked into that possibility.
After further discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson|
was asked to look into what would need to be done in order to put heat
into the "Old Jail".
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Chernault.
Mr. Paulette called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the Animal Control Ordinance Review
Committee.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she needed names from Mr. Torrence and Mr.
Paulette.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mrs. Ferguson would contact Mr. Charles Torrence
to see if he would be willing to serve.
Mr. Paulette stated he would continue to try to come up with an
appointment.
ing