635
~Atenud €. Carts
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Thursday, March 29, 2007 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Budget Work session at 6:00 p.m. in the old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Court located
on the upper level of the County Administration Building at 175 Morton Lane,
Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the work session and asked Mr. Craft to give the
invocation.
Mr. Carter introduced Ms. Lindsey E. Edwards with the Lynchburg Area Center for
Independent Living.
Ms. Edwards passed out some brochures and stated she would like to talk to the Board
about the Lynchburg Area Center for Independent Living and let them know what the
center does. She hopes that when they are developing budget recommendations they
will consider this organization. Originally they were a satellite of Blue Ridge
Independent Living Center in Roanoke. The Lynchburg Area Center for Independent
Living was formed 1998 and is currently located in Lynchburg at 500 Allegheny Avenue.
They provide services to the counties of Appomattox, Amherst, Bedford and Campbell as
well as the cities of Lynchburg and Bedford. Their mission is to encourage and support
persons with sufficient disabilities in achieving the greatest level of independence.
In Appomattox 3,259 person from 5 — 65 suffer from disabilities
1,456 of these are severely disable
84 use wheelchairs
219 use other assistive aids
1,111 have difficulty walking 3 city blocks
2,122 have difficulty reading a newspaper
2,381 have difficulty carrying on a normal conversation
They also assist those on limited incomes with utility bills and rent. Last year they were
able to serve 27 residents.
The main thing they would like to express is that they help those who want to help
themselves. They come to their office, they would like to return to work. They want to