537
WHEREAS, a 1992 study conducted by the Virginia Department of Planning
and Budgeting cited Virginia Cooperative Extension as a major player in
prevention and early intervention programs.
WHEREAS, the programs and services of Virginia Cooperative Extension
are delivered to residents via local agents and volunteers.
WHEREAS, since 1989, Virginia Cooperative Extension has lost 60
extension agents statewide.
WHEREAS, Virginia Tech’s 1995 budget amendment request represents a
restoration of funding to the levels necessary to allow existing
programs to continue.
WHEREAS, if this funding is not restored, an additional 45 Extension
positions will be lost, and 29 in the Agriculture Experiment Station.
AND WHEREAS, Virginia Cooperative Extension and Research have suffered
a 22 percent General Fund reduction since 1990.
THEREFORE, be it resolved that the Virginia Cooperative Extension
Advisory Committee and the newly created Virginia Cooperative Extension
Council do hereby formally endorse Virginia Tech’s 1995 Budget
Amendment request of $2,898.00, with $1,500.000 for Cooperative
Extension and $1,398,000 for the Experiment Station.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Virginia State University’s General
Fund support for Cooperative Extension be maintained at current levels.
AND BE IT FINALLY RESOLVED that the Virginia Cooperative Advisory
Committee and the Virginia Cooperative Extension Council encourage
local Extension Leadership Councils to disseminate and promote the
intent of this resolution to appropriate state and local officials.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Mr. Dan Sleeper, County
Administrator, Halifax County, requesting a resolution agreeing to
become part of a Legislative Consortium.
After discussion, the Board by consensus asked Mrs. Ferguson to contact
Mr. Sleeper to see which Counties had agreed to participate and what
financial commitment would be required.
Mrs. Beasley then made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
SOUTHSIDE LEGISLATIVE CONSORTIUM