590
Mr. Moore asked the Board to define storage. He explained that what he was doing was
no more than what had been done on this property for a number of years. Mr. Moore
stated that he had his rights. He continued that it had not been two years at any point that
the property in question had not been used for storage.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion it was agreed that Mr. Lawson would review information provided by
Mr. Moore and determine the County’s position. In the mean time Mr. Moore would be
allowed to leave his trailers on this property until a final decision could be reached on
February 16, 1999.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Moore.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Earl Dickerson, Hurt and Proffitt, Inc. to appear before
the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. Dickerson was meeting with the Board to go over
information on the proposed baler operation at the landfill.
Mr. Dickerson presented a drawing on the latest site plan for the proposed baler building.
Mr. Dickerson explained that the next step in the process was for the Board to hold public
hearings on the proposed permits needed for the landfill. Mr. Dickerson explained that
he had scheduled February 22, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. as the public hearing date for the Permit
by Rule for the baler operation and March 15, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. as the public hearing
date for the substantive permit amendment to allow us to place bales in the present
trench. Mr. Dickerson asked if these dates were okay with the Board to hold the two
necessary public hearings?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that the two dates
scheduled for public hearings for landfill permit amendments were fine.
Mr. Dickerson then stated that he would recommend making the needed repairs to the
compactor because he felt we were not getting the compaction necessary at the present
time using the loader.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to make the
needed repairs to the compactor and to appropriate the necessary funds to make these
repairs. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Mr. Dickerson.
Mr. Bosiger next asked Mr. Bill Slagle, Chairman, I.D.A., to appear before the Board.