091
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appoint Gordon Rice and Chris Reynolds’ to the Disability
Services’ Board. After discussion, the vote was: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board next considered the request of Mr. Mark Catlett for
$611.25 in payment for three (3) cows he alleges had been
killed by wild dogs. By consensus, the Board asked Mr. Rice
to check on the fund balance for this purpose. Mrs. Beasley
made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay this claim
subject to availability of funds. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay the
Rescue Squad $1766.00 for FY93. After a lengthy discussion,
the vote was: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. By
consensus, the Board agreed to reconsider this contribution
if the Rescue Squad experiences financial difficulties later
in the year.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of two (2) request from the
Sheriff to transfer funds. On a motion by Mrs. Beasley
seconded by Mr. Torrence, the Board approved a transfer of
$4,300.00 from line 3104-5401 to line 3104-5409. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The second request to appropriate $6,000.00 to line 3301-3001
was discussed at length. Medical expenses for prisoners had
been great lately. Mr. Jamerson suggested the funds be
transferred from line 3102-1004 because there was a
considerable amount of unspent money in this line item.
Further, Mr. Jamerson suggested if it was later determined
some more money was needed in line 3102-1004 the Board would
consider an additional appropriation. The Board by consensus
requested Mr. Rice to ask the Sheriff if this would be
acceptable.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
approve the $30.00 registration expense for Mr. Rice to
attend a VACO- sponsored seminar on County Budgets in
Charlottesville December 2, 1992 and also approve the
registration fee for any Board members that wished to attend.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked to be recognized and addressed the Board.
Mr. Carwile explained his position on the landfill issue and
his vote of November 4, 1992. Further, Mr. Carwile asked the
Board to reconsider the decision made at the November 4, 1992
meeting and withhold action on the landfill until Chambers
could present a formal proposal and the proposed contract