066
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick then asked Gary Heiser, State Forest Manager to come forward and address the
Board and make a presentation.
Mr. Heiser began by introducing himself to the Board as he has only been manager since March,
2001. He also passed out some booklets regarding state forest proceeds. He stated he would be more
than happy to answer any questions anyone may have at any time, just call. Mr. Heiser presented the
County with a check in the amount of $36,627.09 which represents proceeds of timber harvested.
They are in the process of evaluating damage to the forests due to ice damage, etc.
Several Board members had questions regarding damage done by ice and how much of this, they
were able to recover. They managed to salvage approximately 45% of these trees. They did not have
any damage from bark beetles. The Appomattox forest right now is in pretty good shape.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Heiser.
Mr. Kendrick next called Ms. Chris Zitzow of Maximus to address the Board regarding the salary
study that was performed for the County.
Ms. Zitzow presented each Board member with a handout. Ms. Zitzow gave a report on how they
did their study and some of the information they used in completing this study. Maximus has done
about fifty (50) of these salary studies in Virginia. Basically they do two (2) things at the beginning.
They look at what the surrounding counties are paying and what the jobs inside the organization
contain. They survey positions in the vicinity and may look at some in the private sector, but they
have to be very careful with this. They basically look at all the surrounding counties of similar size.
They did not include Bedford County because they felt Bedford was too large. They did however
survey Amherst, Prince Edward, Campbell County for selective positions, Buckingham County and
Bedford City and the basic message is that you are below the market pay for surrounding counties.
That is not bad but you do not want to stay there forever. You will loose some of your better
employees to other localities if you do not look at where they should be in regards to salaries. People
with longevity and seniority may not leave but those persons in middle or entry-level positions will
drive an extra hour for better paying positions outside of the County. They then did a regression
analysis on benchmark positions, looking at what the minimum, mid point and maximum pay should
be ona particular position. They do not do a final figure, you make the decision as to the final salary
range will be. They only give you what we feel the best beginning and final range should be.
Since Appomattox is so far below the normal range they did not recommend going 100% of the
market but did recommend going 95% of market. This is not uncommon, as it sometimes takes a
year for a locality to come up with the needed money. The best thing to come out of this study is that
you now have some very detailed job descriptions that can be used with employees as to
responsibilities. This will be very helpful when doing evaluations.
Ms. Zitzow asked if anyone had any questions.