598
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was the Citizens Public
Comment Period: This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to
appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to the citizens.
The first person to speak was:
Dr. Betty Siano: Dr. Siano addressed her opening remarks to Mr. Carter. She
stated that Mr. Carter was correct in that only a few citizens attend the Board
meetings and challenge the ideas of the Board of Supervisors. This is true
because they are working, have very busy schedules and have such little time to
spend with their children and families. They cannot find time to attend these
meetings. But, they really do care. The evidence of their caring is in the more
than 2000 signatures supporting the concerned citizens. Her agenda is
Information and Knowledge. She wants to learn all that she can about Region
2000. The role that they play and will play in the future of Appomattox County.
She wants to be able to make a valid decision when and if the citizens get to
vote on referendums. Knowledge is power and through the lack of information
from the Board of Supervisors, which is not disseminated to the citizens, the
Board of Supervisors controls the agenda. Yes, you do represent all of the
citizens of Appomattox County and therefore, you have the responsibility to
inform all the citizens of every project of importance but we get no information
and no answers. She has been asked to suggest that the Board of Supervisors
and members of Region 2000 hold a public meeting during which we could all be
educated about partnerships, authorities and the plans and studies necessary to
solve our water problems. It has been suggested that a question and answer
format be used. She has done a lot of research of this issue and still does not
have all the answers. She has never been uncivil to anyone, never raised her
voice to anyone. She is a Servant of God and Jesus is her strength. She is quick
to share her opinion with others.
Dr. Siano also stated she wanted to congratulate Ann Dixon on the wonderful job
she is doing was Director of Tourism. She has seen the commercial spot — “all in
a day’s drive”.
John Wilson: Mr. Wilson stated he respects each of the Board as individuals.
He appreciates the magnitude of the job you have to do and he has no animosity
towards any of Board. He further stated it had come to his attention that the
Board has not yet appropriated funds for the Scope of Work Agreement with
Region 2000 on the Water Supply Study. Therefore, he would like to make one
last appeal to all of you. It is especially important that those Supervisors of
Districts whose current residents will receive either no benefit or very little
benefit for piping water from Lynchburg, clearly understand the options available
to them. We all agree that we must have a reliable and adequate supply of
water. Reports have stated that taking water from the James River would cost
no more than a water line from Lynchburg. This Study also shows that a