pad
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. - Assistant County Administrator
PRESENT: (Redistricting Committee)
Sabrina Smith - General Registrar
Bobby Mitchell - School Board
Jesse Hancock - Board of Supervisors
Fred Underwood- Electoral Board
Betty Ford - Community at Large
Russell Minnick - Timmons Corporation
At 7:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and asked Mr. Carter to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick called the Redistricting Committee to make its presentation of the Proposed Voters
Redistricting Plan for Appomattox County.
Mr. Fred Underwood came forward as the spokesman for the Committee and stated the committee
had work extremely hard in drawing up this plan. He also explained the process which the
Committee had used in developing the final version.
Mr. Underwood then asked Mr. Minnick if he would present the plan to the Board.
Mr. Minnick informed the Board that the State had put out guidelines for the redistricting. This
document was used to guide the committee in its approach as to how to accomplish this task, with
respect to perimeters, etc without changing Census blocks. As much as possible they tried to
maintain a balance in the population within the various voting districts, as well as the racial
composition of the county. The end goal statistically must be within a 10% deviation of population
within the districts.
Mr. Underwood then went over the statistics used. They began their process by taking the 1990
Census data and overlaying it with the 1991 Collection District Boundaries. They worked with
various maps and several versions before arriving at the version presented tonight. They also had
to take into consideration the various voting precincts so as not to move a boundary too close thereby
creating a problem with a voting place. (Voter convenience).
At the conclusion of the presentation, he received questions and comments from the Board.
Mr. Carwile had some question regarding the precinct changes.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused the Redistricting Committee.
Mr. Kendrick asked if the Board of Supervisors wished to comment and if the Board wished to have
a Public Hearing on the redistricting plan.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Redistricting Plan as presented