242
Kendrick stated that the problem comes twenty years from now when the present building mayno longer be useful. Mr. Kendrick stated that a lady called him the other night and it reallybothered him what she said. Mr. Kendrick read that his decision comes down to agreeing with alady that called him about the Courthouse and said that she didn’t want Appomattox to be knownas the County with a back door entrance into a Courthouse. Mr. Kendrick stated that in otherwords she did not want to see the present Courthouse force fitted into a century that it doesn’tbelong. Mr. Kendrick continued that with all the monies essentially being the same he reallyagreed with that lady. Mr. Kendrick stated that he did not like the idea of coming to thisCourthouse with it’s welcoming steps and it’s columns and coming up and knocking on a doorthat he could not come in. Mr. Kendrick continued that he did not like the idea of paying thismuch money and having to go to the back door and he did not like the idea of spending this muchmoney and wishing he had made a different decision ten years from now. Mr. Kendrick statedthat he wanted everyone to know that this was an independent decision made by him, and that noone on the Board was influencing his decision, he spent his time, and worked this issue andhoped that the citizens would appreciate his vote. Mr. Kendrick stated that he was going to votefor a new Courthouse.
Mr. Moore began that he had heard a lot of arguments tonight for a new Courthouse, and heheard a lot of arguments a year or so ago when the Board made a decision to renovate. Mr.Moore stated that his feelings were at that time that the best way to preserve a building was tocontinue to use it. Mr. Moore continued that it was used as a Courthouse and he felt we couldcontinue to do so. Mr. Moore stated that he did not understand what people were talking aboutwhen they said it would be good for twenty years. Mr. Moore asked what was going to happen intwenty years that this building was not going to be good enough? Mr. Moore continued that thisbuilding was solid more solid than one that you were going to build today. Mr. Moore stated thathe had been pushed by a awful lot of people about this but the people who wanted a newCourthouse were the people associated with the Historical Society or people very closely relatedto them. Mr. Moore stated that the average citizens had told him to renovate. Mr. Moore statedthat Mr. Carwile had put up a good argument on all those things and he guessed that Mr. Carwilewas right to a certain point but when you talk about all these grants nothing is certain. Mr.Moore continued that this was something that could happen but we were not sure that it wouldhappen. Mr. Moore stated that the other thing was why do we need to maintain two morebuildings around here that we don’t have a real use for? Mr. Moore stated this was a Courthouseand could still be a Courthouse. Mr. Moore continued that he had spoken with the people in theCourthouse Square and they all agreed that they wouldn’t mind renovation, except for Mr.Puckett who he had not spoken with. Mr. Moore stated that the best way to preserve a building
was to use it. Mr. Moore stated that the outside would Stay just like it is. Mr. Moore addressed
Mr. Carwile and stated that he did not know where four security officers came into the picture.Mr. Moore stated that with renovation each building would have one security point. Mr. Moorestated in closing that he had not changed his mind and that he still felt that renovation was theright thing to do.
Mr. Hancock began that he was glad that tonight the Board would make a final decision becausehe was tired of grappling over this. Mr. Hancock stated that he had received numerous letters,telephone calls and even in the market place, some people even telling him how to vote. Mr.