172
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation. Mr. Carter then asked everyone to join in the pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter stated the first item of business was the Setting of the Agenda: There
were no items to be added at this time.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comment Period:
This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are
of importance or concern to the citizen.
No one had any comments for the Board.
Mr. Carter then called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-5)
1. Permit Application for Musical or Entertainment Festival: Ken and Bonnie
Swanson have submitted an application for a music festival to be held on
Saturday, September 3, 2005 on Route 630 at Evergreen. They are also
requesting the bond and application fee be waived.
There was some discussion regarding the guidelines for waiving bond fee and
application fee. Mr. Overstreet stated the Board could waive the bond fee, but not the
application fee.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Musical and/or
Entertainment Festival permit application for Ken and Bonnie Swanson to hold a music
festival on Saturday, September 3, 2005 on Route 630 in Evergreen and also to waive
the Bond fee. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Health and Dental Insurance Renewal: Meetings have been held over the
past several months with the School Staff and the Benefits Coordinator to discuss
alternatives for providing affordable health and dental insurance for our
employees. It has been recommended that we accept Delta Dentals quote for
dental insurance and offer two (2) options to employees for health insurance. At
present the County pays $341.56 towards the employee's health insurance
premium. With the dual options being offered the lower of the two (2)
premiums is $334.84, therefore, this will be the amount paid for FY2006 towards
the employee's health insurance with Anthem/Blue Cross.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to accept
Delta Dental as the dental care carrier for Appomattox County Employees and to also