520
Mr. Carter explained that he had attended an America’s Promise meeting on behalf of the
Board and the Board was being asked to appoint a coordinator for Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter continued that he felt this was a worthwhile endeavor and suggested Mr. Al
Jones name as Coordinator for Appomattox County.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Al Jones serve as
coordinator for America’s Promise in Appomattox County.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that he had received a call from Mrs. Nina Beasley expressing
concern with the cable television service. Mr. Bosiger suggested that Mrs. Ferguson
contact the new manager for NESBE and have him appear before the Board in order to
allow the Board to express the concerns of the citizens.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had a heart felt concern to share with the members of the
Board. He continued that his concern was going to the people of the County, the
taxpayers and the law-abiding citizens. Mr. Carwile stated that he did not want to get
into an argument or discussion on this matter but he did want it for the record, that as one
supervisor he was heart felt of the grievance that the people have suffered in this county,
in the last thirty days, of decisions by the Board. Mr. Carwile stated, and with that he
would say Amen.
Mr. Bosiger then called Mr. Hal Craddock to appear before the Board. Mr. Craddock
came forward and explained that he was representing a group known as Regional
Renaissance. Mr. Craddock then introduced Mr. Jack Eckert, former President of B &
W. Mr. Craddock then explained that Regional Renaissance was formed to address such
issues as tourism, education, housing, cultural arts program, health care, public safety and
security in the region. Mr. Craddock continued that regional cooperation was the best
tool in improving the quality of life for all of our citizens. Mr. Craddock continued that
the second thing was that Regional Renaissance believed in creating a future that pulled
you to it. Mr. Craddock gave a very interesting presentation on the purpose of Regional
Renaissance. In closing Mr. Craddock explained that at this point they were trying to get
this concept off the ground and were asking for support from local government. Mr.
Craddock continued that they were requesting $.50 per capita in order to fund this initial
effort. Mr. Craddock explained that the City of Lynchburg had agreed to contribute
$30,000.00 towards this effort and that the Lynchburg Chamber of Commerce had agreed
to commit $10,000.00. Mr. Craddock explained that Appomattox County was the first
County they had been to with their presentation and that they would be asking each
locality for the same contribution that they were asking of Appomattox.
A lengthy discussion followed with the Board members asking questions of Mr.
Craddock. After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to consider this
contribution at budget time.