516
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (late)
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 6:35 P.M. and delivered the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile asked to be recognized in order to address some concerns he had with the
minutes. He continued that he had proofed the minutes and that he had a hang-up or
concern with what had been omitted. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that what had been
omitted that the Governing Body of the County under the direction of the Commonwealth
Attorney gave direction of approval that legally he saw nothing wrong with the action the
Board took on October 5, 1998 in response to Mrs. Julie Austin’s request. Mr. Carwile
also requested that the people that Mrs. Austin referred to in the back of the Courtroom as
her back up, that their names be recorded in the minutes.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she had no way of knowing whom Mrs. Austin was referring to
since no petition was presented.
Mr. Carwile continued that he felt that it should be noted that Mrs. Austin was speaking
for herself alone.
Mr. Carwile continued that to follow up, he believed that Mr. Carter was the Board
member who asked the Commonwealth Attorney for direction before the vote was taken
that night on the emergency ordinance. He stated that he only wanted to bring this to
light for the protection of the Board. He continued that the Board was given that night
advice from the Commonwealth Attorney that legally he saw nothing wrong with the
Boards proposed action. Mr. Carwile continued that he felt this should be put in the
minutes. Mr. Carwile continued that whoever put the minutes together was doing a plus
job, but then the omission of this part of it should be part of the records. Mr. Carwile
continued that he abstained from voting at that meeting, and that he was directed to do so,
and legally he would have done it without direction.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she had no way of knowing who was in attendance with Mrs.
Austin and she did not feel that it would be appropriate to except a list of those names
from Mrs. Austin.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that Mrs. Austin’s comments should be reduced that she
was speaking for herself when she indicated those in the rear of the Courtroom.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was only saying that the Board needed some documentation.
Mr. Carwile continued that he was going to ask that it be entered into the minutes that
Mr. Carter asked the Commonwealth Attorney for direction and that he stated legally he