382
Mr. Overstreet, County Attorney, stated this was a difficult legal issue. As he
understands, this is a A-1 Agricultural zoning to be re-zoned to R-2 Residential with a
conditional use permit. When we look at this on conditional uses from the zoning aspect,
what does the Board have the authority to do under the zoning statutes. Once you rezone
this property to R-2 you cannot go back and change it, you just have to live with it. The
purposes of zoning are set out in the Virginia Code. There is also the Dillion Rule which
states the Board has only those authorities that are granted by the Code of Virginia and
those necessarily implicit therefrom. He had not examined the issue too closely, but had
some reservations about zoning property based on age requirements. He received some
information from Mr. O’Brien which he appreciated, that was based on Fair Housing
Law and not zoning law. That law allows this type of development to go on. It says
basically that you cannot discriminate according to age, but then it makes an exception
for housing for the elderly. So if this property is rezoned R-2 he agrees with what was
sent to him, the Code of Virginia under the Fair Housing Act allows this activity to take
place. The issue becomes, and he is not sure we can find an answer to this, is whether the
Board can require that the property be zoned so only the elderly can live there. This is
the issue — it is permitted, they can do it, but can we require that it be done. We do not
know what may happen in the future, so if the Board says this can only be a development
for the elderly, and no one ever challenges it, we will not have a problem. If it is
challenged, that is where he will have an issue. Restrictions can be put on property but
you are getting into another form of law — Real Estate Law vs Zoning Law. If the
developer owns the property, he can change it anytime he wants to. He is not saying this
will happen, but it can as long as the developer owns the property. In order for him to tell
the Board that you are guaranteed this is what will happen, that would have to be a part of
the conditional use permit. He does not know of any Virginia cases where conditional
use permits have gone that far for the purposes of zoning.
The developer has stated to him that there are developments like this all around and there
are, and there will be one here, as long as they wish to continue to do it. The issue is,
suppose the developer no longer wishes to do this. Until he receives some additional
information otherwise, he will not guarantee to this Board that this will stay in place if
the restrictive covenants change or somebody challenges your conditional use permit.
He has spoken to two attorneys who practice zoning law and both of them had
reservations as to whether or not this could be defended. At this stage, he does not have
anything that would uphold your conditional use permit stating that this property must be
used for this purpose.
Mr. Carroll stated that he had met with the petitioners after the meeting with the Town
regarding the water and sewer to this project. Our concerns were with the fact that they
have a design plan that was designed for public water and sewer. The developer is not
sure how their design plan will be impacted by the implementation of private water and
sewer. This may or may not be a package plant with discharge into a stream that runs
through the Industrial Park property. They are not sure if they will have large multi-unit
drain fields and they will not know until they do the engineering work for that. Their
main concern is they do not want to spend any capital to find out if this is feasible until