558
e Three (3) Transportation grants — Pamplin for Train Station
improvements — converted building to Appomattox Branch Library,
Town Hall & community meeting room (approximately $1,000,000)
e Transportation Grant for sidewalk at New Elementary School
Health Insurance negotiations
Mr. Carter introduced Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director of the Region 2000
Regional Commission.
Mr. Gillespie began by saying that he would give an overview of how he
interpreted what they were trying to do. They met with representatives of the
State and the EPA. And as you already know, the County and Town got a
$1,000,000 grant from Congressman Virgil Goode. Before we even attempted to
start applying for a grant we put a bunch of steps in front, because he knew
there are still a lot of questions as to which way to go, what we need, and if we
can come up with enough grants to get this down to where we could come up
with a reasonable cost for those who tie into the system. If you choose to have
a Public Service Authority, it will not be a taxpayer issue. Most PSA’s are funded
by the users not the general taxpayers. We need to come up with a Rate
Structure to support this system. We would show you the mechanics for setting
up a PSA, what assets the PSA would own and the alternatives.
If a reservoir were to be built, one thing he would like to point out is at least two
in this area used to allow fishing, but in the fall of last year a directive came
down from the Federal Government saying they wanted to close off these for
fishing because of the potential for acts of terrorism. They do not allow boats
with gasoline engines because of the pollutants. Until we, at least, have a
preliminary of what this union may look like, we cannot go asking for funding.
You would be looking at low interest loans, and grants.
The Route 460 corridor is the best industrial development area anywhere
around. You would need to extend the corridor for approximately 2 mile on
each side of Route 460. Also, in the cases of an Industrial Park development, you
would need to extend further than this. They do not feel any funding
applications can be submitted until Appomattox answers all the questions as to
which way they want to go.
Mr. Carter opened the floor for a question and answer period.
Mr. Ferguson stated for clarification purposes only — the waterline would be
installed in the State owned right-of-way so there would be no having to
purchase right —of-ways on private property.