678
Kendrick, aye.
At 8:25 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Carwile, the Board returned to
regular session. Mr. Carter read the following Certification Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under § 2.2-3711.A.1 and §2.2-
3711.A.7, Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion personnel and legal matters.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Hancock left the meeting at 8:27 p.m.
Mr. Carter called for the first item under Administrative Items:
1. Gateway Signs: The Board at the last meeting determined that it would re-visit this issue
at this time. The vendor has provided at no cost to the County a comparison of our
current sign to Campbell and Amherst County’s gateway signs for your discussion.
Mr. Carwile feels this topic has been covered already tonight and he would like to have a vote to
rescind the previous decision and hold a public hearing on this matter.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to rescind the previous decision of the
Board regarding the gateway signs. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore questioned the use of the Gateway Grant funds to improve the looks of the present
signs.
Mr. Carroll stated he will look into what the wording on this grant funding application is and just
what we can do.
By consensus, the Board will have a Public Hearing on February 4" at 6:30 p.m. to receive public
input on the gateway signs.
2. Board Appointments:
a. Community Services Board: Mr. Moore’s term on this board has expired, but he
is eligible to serve another term if he and the Board desires.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mr. Moore to the Community
Services Board for another term to expire on December 31, 2004. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.