427
stated that we have the park, a world-class broadband, 3-phase power, public water and sewage,
and commitment to the 460 corridor waterline and the remaining piece is someone to market it
and tell the story.
Mr. Conner thanked the Board for allowing him to speak on behalf of the EDA and then called
for any questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Carter questioned the salary on the draft saying “to be determined” and wanted to know how
the EDA came up with that determination.
Mr. Conner stated that due to the economy the EDA decided to let the Board decide on the salary
range.
Mr. Carter stated that he was questioning this due to the Board has already voted on a salary
range and Mr. Conner stated that the EDA felt that this was a Board decision.
Mr. Carter next questioned if there was any data provided from Prince Edward County or
Charlotte County in regards to their economic development coordinator.
Mr. Spencer stated that the EDA had asked the VEDP who were the comparable counties with
Appomattox County and they came up with the Counties that were given. Mr. Spencer stated
that Region 2000 added Amherst at our request.
Mr. Conner stated that we can get that information if he feels that it is necessary for comparison.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt the Board should have the figures from neighboring counties.
Mr. Conner stated that we stayed away from projecting what the revenues would be because all
counties calculate things in a different way.
Mr. Carter stated that on a positive end he commended the EDA on the presentation and stated it
was a job well done and also stated that he appreciated the joint meetings that had been held.
Mr. Tanner stated that he felt it was well put together and well presented.
Chairman Conrad stated that this will be a lot of useful information that will help when working
with the budget.
Mr. Conner stated that they found that several counties eliminated the Economic Development
Coordinator and found it to be a mistake and went back and rehired them.
Mr. Craft stated that he feels if we use Prince Edward County you will be getting false numbers
due to them having two colleges.
Chairman Conrad stated that the examples used were picked due to the demographics that
resembled Appomattox County as closely as possible.