694
After discussion, Mr. Torrence and Mr. Carwile stated they would visit
with Mr. Jason Marshall to see if he would reconsider and be willing to
donate his portion of the right-of-way, considering the recent accident
Mr. Carwile next asked Ms. Lindsay if she could shed any light as to
the route of the proposed I66.
Ms. Lindsay stated she has received no information on this project.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
her.
Mr. Paulette then asked if any Supervisor had a concern for discussion.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the proposed super sites on Route 608
and Route 648.
Mrs. Ferguson explained the Route 608 site would be discussed later in
the meeting and she was still attempting to get someone from Norfolk
Southern to answer the Board’s request on Route 648.
Mr. Carwile next stated he was concerned with the rabies threat and
wanted the Board’s support for the Animal Warden to do his job and
ticket individuals who did not have their dog tags and rabies vaccine.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that the
Animal Warden should enforce the law on all citizens in order to
control the spread of rabies.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Dr. Burger to hold rabies
clinics at several sites throughout the County.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to authorize Dr.
Burger to hold rabies clinics as he deems necessary. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked how the survey for 911 was going to be handled.
Mr. Paulette explained that County employee’s would be doing this
survey. There are nine (9) precincts throughout the County.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Ms. Ferguson stated she would check with Mrs. Eye at
the High School to see if one of the government classes would provide
manpower for this straw poll. Also, Ms. Ferguson would have a fact
sheet ready for the meeting on October 16, 1995 for Board approval.
Mrs. Beasley asked if a "super site" had been located in the Town of
Appomattox.
Ms. Ferguson explained no site had been located at this time.