OTT
Sheriff Richardson spoke next and stated that the Board of Supervisors
had approved the same benefits for local law enforcement retirees as
was currently being received by the State Police but stated that in
addition to that, Franklin Vaughan had brought it up that he should
receive $250.00 per month, after he retired until age 65, in addition
to the State Police officers Retirement System benefits. Mr.
Richardson explained this $250.00 was the reason he was appearing
before the Board.
Mr. Torrence stated he had met with Mr. & Mrs. Richardson and reviewed
some figures with them. Mr. Torrence then voiced his opinion
concerning the documents that had been provided saying he felt the
$250.00 was not a part of the retirement supplement from the State.
Mr. Torrence continued by saying that other constitutional officers
received a salary supplement over the years and that Sheriff Richardson
did not receive this supplement. Mr. Torrence stated that Mr.
Richardson told him, that he told the Board he did not need the
supplement.
Mr. Torrence stated that after studying all the documents it appears
the LEO and the $250.00 supplement were two different things. Mr.
Torrence stated this was not a cut and dried situation.
Mr. Carwile stated that everything he had read led him to believe the
intent was there to give Mr. Richardson this supplement.
Mr. Carwile then asked Mr. Richardson if he drew the salary supplement
at any time.
Mr. Richardson said he drew the salary supplement for a short period a
time during his employ and then he stopped taking this supplement
because he felt he could do without it.
Mr. Bosiger asked if the County had established a fund for the $250.00
per month supplement or was this part of the State retirement systems
funds.
Mr. Paulette stated he felt that the $250.00 per month was in fact the
State retirement supplement.
Mr. Torrence stated he felt the Board should supplement Mr.
Richardson’s retirement because the other constitutional officers
received a salary supplement for some years that Mr. Richardson refused.
Mr. Richardson stated he was not aware that the other constitutional
officers were receiving a salary supplement until Mr. Torrence talked
with him.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Richardson if he expected to receive this
supplement until he was age 65.
Mr. Richardson stated he only wanted to draw this supplement until age
62.