984
district that the Board of Supervisors had proposed. Mr. Bosiger explained that after the
public hearing and considering the comments received from the public, the Board of
Supervisors decided that this meeting with the Planning Commission was in order.
Mr. Bosiger welcomed the members of the Planning Commission. Mr. Bosiger asked if
the Planning Commission had a good understanding of what the Board was trying to
convey to them.
Mr. Sears began that he had a better understanding at this point. He continued that he
had a little problem with the way this had been handled initially. Mr. Sears went on to
explain that the Board had come to the Planning Commission in October asking them to
look at a few of the major problems in the Zoning ordinance. Mr. Sears continued that
the acreage and setbacks was not one of the requested items for them to look at. Mr.
Sears stated that they spent a lot of time going over the Boards request and the Board did
go along with some of there recommendations but then they overlooked and went along
and jumped into the acreage size and setback size, the Board took it upon themselves to
do that. Mr. Sears continued that he felt the Board should have asked the Planning
Commission to look into these issues also. Mr. Sears stated that the Planning
Commission was there to look into items that the Board had a problem with. Mr. Sears
then asked if any other member of the Planning Commission wished to speak.
Mr. Wayne Lewis made some statements concerning family farm divisions and the fact
that some controls are necessary to regulate orderly growth. Mr. Lewis continued that he
felt that there were come unreasonable expectations that just changing the lot size would
cure certain problems.
Mr. Torrence addressed the members of the Planning Commission and asked how were
other Counties who were growing faster than we were, deal with these problems. Mr.
Torrence continued that the Board and the Planning Commission should have had this
discussion prior to making a recommendation, but Mr. Torrence wanted to know why the
Planning Commission did not address the A-1. Mr. Torrence asked if the Board did not
make it clear that this was where the problem was.
Mr. Sears answered, “not in the acreage size or the setback size”.
Mr. Tanner stated that some of these things the Planning Commission read in the paper.
He continued that in his opinion the Board and the Planning Commission needed to do a
better job of communicating.
A lengthy discussion followed with members of the Board of Supervisors and the
Planning Commission giving their opinions on what they perceived as some of the
problems.
After the discussion Mr. Bosiger asked if maybe the Board needed to put into writing
what they wished the Planning Commission to review for possible changes.