300
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed not to publish the
delinquent tax list for this year.
Mr. Paulette explained that Hurt and Proffitt had provided a letter for information
purposes on their suggestions for stormwater runoff at the leachate pond.
Being no further business, Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary
to discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into executive session at
8:37 P.M. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Torrrence, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 9:10 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile
to adjourn at 9:11 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.