660
an absolute waste, she was kicked out of the camp and she is of no decent service to
the community at this time. The courts have done nothing with her. These facilities do
not work as well as they would have you believe. Mr. Thomas cannot determine what
type of kids he will be receiving, and she just does not want to live across the road from
this type of environment. She would hope that the Board would respect what she would
like to have in her community.
Ms. Sharon Smith, Route 3, Box 257, Appomattox, Va. Ms. Smith stated she
lives approximately one half mile from the property in question. She is concerned about
the traffic on this road. This road is narrow and curvy and at the present time, carries
more traffic than it should. She also has concerns about Bent Creek. With dwellings,
wells, and septic systems being put in, what effect will this have on the creek. Her
concerns are pretty much the same as those that have been expressed tonight. She is
very much opposed to this request.
Mr. Brian Smith, Route 3, Appomattox, Va. He is very much opposed to this
request.
Mr. Richard Haught, Route 3, Box 256A, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Haught said he
has expressed his comments regarding this petition during the Citizen Comments period
of the Board of Supervisors meeting. He had slightly put the cart before the horse, so
to speak. He lives about two miles from the proposed location of this at-risk facility. He
would like to voice his opposition to this request. He has three children and he does not
feel that 10 to 15 counselors can properly supervise 100 to 150 youths. He is opposed
to this request.
Mr. Scott Smith, Route 3, Box 250, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Smith stated he lives
across the road from the proposed ranch for at-risk youngsters. He urges the Board not
to approve this zoning request. There is a similar facility in Buckingham County and he
knows of multiple problems associated with the facility, ranging from vandalism to
break-ins. This facility will most likely be no different and he feels like the surrounding
neighbors will have to deal with similar problems.
Ms. Jane Luongo, Route 2, Box 187, Gladstone, Va. Her main concern regarding
this is the vagueness of the petition. It does not go into detail, does not list the
qualifications of those who will be running the facility or the ramifications it could have
on the county and the citizens of the community. She is, therefore, opposed to the
granting of this request.
Mr. Mark McPherson, Route 3, Box 250, Appomattox, Va. Mr. McPherson stated
he lives across from the property in question. They maintain their property for their
cattle and the rest of their animals. They do not maintain this property to keep out
teenage kids. Not only that, adjacent to this property is a hunting preserve. We
keeping talking about kids who might get out in the woods, the hunters may not be
aware of this fact, and someone has to deal with that. If you start having insurance
claims, you liability insurance rate will go out the roof, your property values will drop.
He is starting a contracting business and will have tools, etc. Right now he does not
have to lock his vehicles, his doors, etc. If this facility is allowed, he will have to keep