209
Mr. Jobe introduced Mr. Danny Nofs with Jet Broadband. The reason they areappearing tonight is to talk about the pending sale of NESBE Cable to Jet Broadband.Mr. Jobe also presented a letter and draft resolution for the Board to consider thatwould take care of the legal side of this transfer of franchise and the letter will give yousome background on Jet Broadband. Mr. Jobe is requesting that the Board consider thetransfer of the franchise from Appomattox Cablevision to Jet Broadband. He and Mr.Nofs will be happy to answer any questions.
Ms. Ferguson asked if the resolution was a separate document.
Mr. Carter asked if this change over would incorporate the state of the art engineering
aspects and if the programming would be pretty much the same.
Mr. Nofs made a few statements about the programming aspects of the new franchise.
Of course, basic cable will still be available as well as additional programming if sodesired. Jet Broadband has a solid financial backing with MCT Capitol, and they areplanning to provide some upgrade to the facilities and add some more experience to the
existing group of people who have already been providing your services.
Mr. Overstreet stated that it is his understanding from the franchise agreement that the
Board has 120 days to make a decision, so the Board does not have to take action now.
There may be some aspects that they need to discuss.
Mr. Jobe stated that time is of the essence, and they would appreciate the Board
returning the Resolution as soon as possible.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. Engineering Services for the Landfill: The Committee composed of
Supervisor Craft, County Administrator, Assistant County Administrator and the
Landfill Supervisor has interviewed the engineering firms that submitted
proposals for engineering services at the landfill. The committee has negotiated
with a firm and will be presenting their recommendations to you for approval.
Ms. Ferguson stated they interviewed six firms and that they were all excellent firms.
After their interviewing and asking questions and talking with them individually, the
committee determined to recommend Draper-Aden. They are a Blacksburg firm and
they do landfills exclusive and have extensive knowledge of our landfill as they had done
a lot of background work prior to the interview. Their fees are very much in line with
those we have already been paying. Ms. Ferguson is requesting the Boards approval to
allow her to enter into a contract with Draper Aden once they have worked out a couple
of issues that we have noted on the contract.
Mr. Craft made a few comments regarding this firm and how they have worked with
other landfills.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Ms.
Ferguson to sign the contract with Draper-Aden once Mr. Overstreet has reviewed said
contract and several issues have been settled. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)