473
the water supply needs of the community in future years. Mr. Conrad explained that this
plan would identify projected future water demand, possible water line routing, pipe
sizing, and system mediations if needed. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Roark stated that we have moved very fast and things have come up and he feels that
if we are going to move forward we need to get Hurt & Proffitt to work on a plan for the
County. Mr. Roark stated that what will make a water system work are customers and we
need to find out where those customers are and to also find out the best and most
economical and sound way to get water to these customers.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve moving forward with the Waterworks Master Plan
for the County with cost being approximately $32,000. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #8A- Contract, Chairman Conrad stated
that at the February 17, 2009 meeting, the Board of Supervisors approved the
recommendation of the interview committee for Engineering Services related to the
County’s Water System. The Board selected Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. and authorized the
Chairman to enter into an agreement with the firm. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is
recommending reviewing the documents with Hurt and Proffitt.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the contract document with Hurt & Proffitt. Mr.
Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called
for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #8B- Provisional Rate Structure and
explained that Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. has developed a Provisional Water Rate Structure for
the County’s water system. Chairman Conrad stated that these provisional numbers are
necessary for the grant application that is being prepared to submit later this month to the
Virginia Department of Health. Mr. Dickerson has reviewed the figures with the Board
earlier tonight and will be glad to answer any further questions the Board may have.
Mr. Tanner stated that time is of the essence and the key word being provisional and we
will be coming back many times and reviewing. Mr. Tanner stated that he feels the
numbers given are fair numbers.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the Provisional Water Rate Schedule for the
Appomattox County Water System. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing
no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #8C — Construction Estimate and stated
the design work has progressed. Mr. Dickerson has worked up a new estimate for the cost
of construction for the Route 460 Water Line. The initial cost estimate was derived from