328
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday August 4, 2003 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held its regularly scheduled meeting in the Town Council Chambers at the Appomattox
Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Anne Dixon — Director of Parks/Recreation/Tourism
John Gibney — Attorney, Thompson & McMullan
Bob Dybing — Attorney, Thompson & McMullan
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting, welcomed everyone present and asked Mr.
Kendrick to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Carter stated the first order of business was Citizen Public Comments:
Ms. Elizabeth Hackett stated she is concerned about the re-zoning of property on Route
460 across from Shadowwood Greenhouse. She and her husband own three (3) acres of
property in the vicinity. They were under the impression that there would be a line of
businesses there and they are opposed to the use of this property by the concrete factory.
They feel that the noise and dust would be bad for their business once they relocate to
this location. They would like to see this strip of property stay zoned for business.
Mr. Bruce Hackett s tated he purchased this land for business. H e feels that having a
business next to industrial causes a problem. His major concern is the dust but he is also
concerned about the traffic. He also thinks other property owners feel the same as he
does.
Mr. John Wilson came forward and stated he was here to express his opinion on tourism
in Appomattox County. He is strongly in support of the Parks, Recreation & Tourism
Department. It is a bold step on the part of the Board of Supervisors. It is a decision that
required progressive decisions and positive leadership. It has ended many years of
political bickering over tourism in the County as to who pays, who does the work and
who gets the benefits. Your decision has allowed the Town , the Chamber of Commerce,
individuals, businesses and the county itself to control their respective destiny. The
Town has now committed approximately $12,000.00 to maintain the Visitor’s Center and
distribute brochures. He also feels that a Welcome Center located on Route 24 would be
beneficial and would capture about 75% of the visitors visiting the National Historical
Park. A well trained staff would direct tourists to downtown as well as other places of
interested in the county. Selection of a site and construction for a visitors center should
begin immediately.