698
alternate for a video monitoring system and contracting with them in the amount of $14,353 for
installation of the Board Room sound system. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to accept the Stage Sound proposal including the add-alternate for a
video monitoring system and contracting with them in the amount of $14,353 for installation of
the Board Room sound system. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5- Freight Rail Infrastructure Capacity
Expansion Act letter of support and stated that Go21, a freight rail advocacy group has requested
support for the passage of the Freight Rail Infrastructure Capacity Expansion Act. This act will
offer private firm’s incentives to invest in expanding the nation’s rail capacity to keep up with
the increasing demand for rail service. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending the
Board to consider a letter of support for the passage of this act. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion for staff to write a letter of support for the Freight Rail Infrastructure
Capacity Expansion Act. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6- Local Emergency Planning Committee and
explained that we are in the process of forming a Local Emergency Planning Committee (LEPC)
in accordance with SARA Title III, the Emergency Planning and Community Right -To-Know
Act of 1986. Chairman Conrad explained that the County had a committee years ago but it has
not functioned as it should have for a number of years. Chairman Conrad explained that the
function of this Committee shall include, but is not limited to the assistance in preparation of an
emergency response plan that shall include the requirements of SARA Title III. The County is to
have a representative on the Committee which will meet quarterly. Chairman Conrad asked if
any Board member was interested in serving on this committee.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to wait on this issue until after January 2010 and have a full
Board including new Board member Jerry Small in order that he could participate also.
It was the consensus of the Board to wait until after January before acting on this issue.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7- Amendment to Emergency Operations Plan
and explained that an amendment to the Emergency Operations Plan, addressing Pandemic
Influenza, was being proposed. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending the Board
accept this amendment to the Emergency Operations Plan titled “Hazard Specific Annex 8 —
Pandemic Influenza (Flu)”. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.