387
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments
by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or against the
petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the
record.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Stidham to read the first petition.
03-529 — Mark T. Perry. Conditional Use Permit to operate a home occupation in an
accessory building (piano maintenance) in the A-1 Agricultural District per §170-
34(A)(13) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 611
between Route 721 and Route 750, Tax Map #Part of 35(A)14.
Mr. Mark Perry came forward stating he is the business owner. He has been operating
out of his home for some time. He will just be moving his business into an accessory
building. Hopefully before winter. This is a low key business and they do not use any
large power tools they basically work with hand tools. They rebuild pianos.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, the
Public Hearing was closed at 7:15 p.m. and Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:17 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the Board of Supervisors’ meeting and called attention
to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (items 1-7)
1. Courthouse Connector: After the September 25" hearing with Judge Poston, a
meeting was held with the Commonwealth concerning the proposed connector
between the new and existing courthouse. Craddock-Cunningham Architectural
Partnership has designed the connector with construction details. It does not
appear that at this time the plans drawn by CCAP meet all the requirements that
the Commonwealth would place on the design. The Courthouse Committee and
architect feel that the plans are well conceived and meet the building/fire code
requirements. The Courthouse Committee recommends that the Board request a
hearing with Judge Poston for him to decide if the connector should be built as
currently designed.
Mr. Moore stated that the holdup is with the State’s lawyer and architect. The Committee
would like to by-pass them and have Craddock-Cunningham had a direct meeting with
the Judges to explain to them what they want to do.
After some discussion Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the
Courthouse Committee’s recommendation that the Board of Supervisors request a
hearing with Judge Poston to discuss the proposed connector as currently designed.