437
Petition 05-551 — Appomattox Anglican Church: The Appomattox Anglican
Church/Reverend Dr. Geoffrey Hubler is requesting an amendment to their Conditional
Use Permit for property located on Redfields Road (Route 635) between Confederate
Boulevard (Route 460 and Lee-Grant Avenue (Route 1001) in order to expand the
private school use currently on the property. Property is zoned Agricultural District, A-1
and is Tax Map #76 (A) 158.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak regarding this petition.
Ms. Debbie Powell, 101 Maple Street, Appomattox, VA. & Earl Jones, a
resident of Appomattox County: As members of the Appomattox Anglican Church
and Appomattox Christian Academy, we are proposing to expand the existing use of this
location. The project will be phased with the first phase including a new lobby, library,
eight (8) classrooms and additional parking. Phase one will consist of approximately
7,310 square feet of new construction. Phase two will include a gymnasium, locker
rooms and additional offices totaling approximately 9,900 square feet. Future plans call
for a new worship facility of approximately 6,500 square feet, athletic fields and a nature
trail/recreation area located to the south and east of the existing building. This school
began last year with approximately eighteen (18) students. The projection for the
upcoming school year is for sixty (60) students. Enrollment has already reached this
number. The ultimate goad of the school is to have approximately 130 students from
grade kindergarten through twelfth grade. This is due to the overwhelming support of
the community and they feel like it is their mission to provide for the county and hope
that the Board will approve this petition.
Mr. Jones stated that there were about 12 people present who would speak in support
of this petition. :
Mr. Roark asked all those present in favor of this petition to please raise their hands.
About thirteen (13) people were in favor of granting this petition.
Mr. Roark asked if any wished to speak in opposition to this petition.
Having no one else who wished to speak, Mr. Roark turned the public hearing back to
Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman