286
Ms. Harrup replied they used a Vertical baler. She went on to say that
ideally she would like to have a horizontal baler but the cost was out
of reach at this time.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any more questions for Ms. Harrup.
Hearing none, he thanked and excused Ms. Harrup.
Mr. Jamerson recognized the next person on the agenda, Mr. Jeffery
Marks, Animal Warden.
Mr. Marks began by explaining that he had addressed areas where the
State inspection report indicated the need for attention and had made
corrections or suggestions in order to come into compliance.
Discussion followed concerning the inspection report and the areas that
need to be worked on.
Mr. Jamerson suggested that Mr. Marks get some prices on cat traps and
present to Mrs. Ferguson prior to the next meeting.
Being nothing further for Mr. Marks, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused
Mr. Marks.
Mr. Jamerson recognized Supervisor Carwile who asked for time on the
agenda.
Mr. Carwile began by referencing the Appomattox County School Board
Student Conduct Policy Manual. Mr. Carwile stated that he was not
attempting to be critical, but was concerned with how long the Code of
Conduct has been in place and if it meets the needs of todays problems
in our schools, on our buses and at school activities. Mr. Carwile
referenced page 3 of 9 which listed corrective actions. Mr. Carwile
feels that the language used in this document is mild. Mr. Carwile
also feels that parents, students, etc. are not aware of this policy.
Mr. Carwile continued by stating that he had taken it upon himself to
get a Code of Conduct for Henrico County schools and have it
distributed to the other members of the Board.
Mr. Carwile requested that the other Board members endorse and give
their support by a vote of consensus to have Mrs. Ferguson put a cover
letter of transmittal with the Henrico County Code of Student Conduct
to Appomattox County School Board from the Board of Supervisors for
their review, consideration and evaluation against our school code for
redress and respectfully ask for reply on their actions.
Mr. Jamerson began by saying that he had read the Code of Conduct, but
felt that the Board of Supervisors had enough problems of their own and
that they had appointed a school board that is charged with this
responsibility.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Jamerson and stated that he recognized that
the responsibility was with the School Board but that the School Board
was appointed by the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Carwile continued by
stating that he is only asking for a review of this policy. Mr.