508
Management and Recycle Facility. Mr. Overstreet also stated that on Item “pF” showread 2s le
The a of Pamplin City’s commercial carrier is exempt from the seiemaeapirss° hap .
provided that this carrier only picks up solid waste within the corporate limits of Pamp y:
Mr. Overstreet stated that this was all of the changes that the Board had not been given
previously for review.
i d changes to 139 ~ Solid Wastei d called for public comments on the propose: ° 3
Ogfnee teen nd ommoniis Chairman Conrad closed the public hearing at 6:18 P.M.
Ae
Thomas H. Conrad, CHairman
On Monday, April 20, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held theirregular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 CommunityLane, Appomattox Virginia,
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet ~ County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board ofSupervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. and asked Mr. Tanner to deliver the invocation which was thenfollowed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag,
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Having no additional items for the agenda,Chairman Conrad next called for Public Comments, Hearing no public comment, ChairmanConrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Request for Support for John “Jack “ Miller andexplained that R.B. Clark, Charlotte County Administrator is Tequesting that the Board adopt aresolution supporting John “Jack “ Miller for the position of Secretary/Treasurer of the VirginiaAssociation of Counties. Chairman Conrad called for comment.
Mr. Craft stated that he did not know Mr. Miller; however we may have someone that we doknow that we prefer more,