329
Recorded in Plat Book 8, Pages 70, 71, 72 and July 20, 1990.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carwile asked if Ms. Lindsay had any updated Appomattox County maps.
Mrs. Ferguson stated there were some in the office and she would get these to Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay and called Mr. Monte Mays, Commissioner of
Revenue to address the Board.
Mr. Mays gave each Board member an application for Tax Relief for the Elderly and/or
Handicapped. Citizens have to fill out these application every three (3) years to qualify for a tax
relief on their real estate taxes. He has many elderly and handicapped persons to come to see him
since the announcement of the tax increase to have these figures amended. Mr. Mays recommend
these changes become effective January 2001. Income figures should be amended from $12,000 to
$15,000 per family whether they are a single member family, widow or husband and wife. The
accepted amount for relatives that live with them amended from $5 ,00 to $7,500. The net worth
can stay the same, not to exceed $90,000 and the fair market value of the dwelling, since we have
not had a change, could stay the same also. We usually go over this after a reassessment and Mr.
Mays will go over these again after we finish the reassessment. Last year we had 126 people qualify
with the tax relief amounting to $24,006.00 and that was an increase up from last year of $15,492.00.
There was some questions and discussion.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that this constitutes an Ordinance change, therefore a public
hearing is required.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Mays.
Mr. Moore then called Mr. Bill Slagle, I. D. A. Chairman.
Mr. Slagle gave the Board an update on the Industrial Park.
Mr. Slagle stated there have been some minor changes. Ran into some utility problems at the
intersection next to Dairy Queen. Overall the project about 40% complete and grading is 53%
complete. The Route 26 improvements, VDOT will report on this part of the project, with
construction to begin possibly in September and be completed by the last of October.
From the marketing point of view, we have one prospect. Overall, statewide, economic activity is
down. IDA is working on a marketing brochure to be presented at the International Plastics Show
in Chicago and Region 2000 will participate in this show as they have in the past and hopefully Andy
will be able to attend also.
Mr. Slagle discussed the creation of another zone for the industrial park - M2 zoning. The current
M-1 Zone is not adequate. The IDA has drafted this proposed zoning and has presented it to the