328
The minutes were presented for approval. Mr. Carwile made a moti
seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the minutes of the work session
November 1, 1993; the public hearing of November 3, 1993; the regul
meeting of November 8, 1993; the work session of November 22, 1993;
the public hearing ‘and recessed meetings of December 7, 1993 as
presented. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented the Board with a request from the Schoc
Board to allow Blue Cross/Blue Shield to extend dependent coverage t
age 23 regardless of whether the dependent is a student or not.
After discussion, the Board decided they would like information 1
writing concerning this matter.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Abernathy for a
appropriation to cover expenses related to alteration for healt
department. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore t
appropriate $5,680.52 to 4302-5407 to cover expenses related to healt
department addition. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. McClenny, Action Unit Director with Virginia Cooperative Extensiol
wr
has informed Mrs. Ferguson that Charlotte County only wants the Hon
Economics Agent one-third of the time. At the November Board meetir
the Board agreed to share this position 50/50 with Charlotte County,
“<0;After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasle
to accept the Home Economics Agent position with Charlotte County
Appomattox County funding 2/3rds and Charlotte County 1/3rd. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; aix
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter int
Executive Session to discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson)
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved thi
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Jamerson)
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley the followin
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative record
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law: