303
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson introduced the next item on the agenda, installing a glass
door on the front of the Courthouse. After discussion Mrs. Ferguson
was asked to gather more information on this and bring back to the
Board.
The next item brought before the Board was committee appointments. Mr.
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Ms. Gina
Hamlett and Ms. Michelle Clark to serve a one year term on the
Appomattox County Youth Services Commission. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Next, the appointment to the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging
Advisory Board was discussed. Mr. "Red" Coleman was appointed at the
September meeting but declined the appointment. After discussion of
possible appointees, Mrs. Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr.
Torrence to appoint Mr. William S. "Bill" Slagle to fill Appomattox
County’s vacant position on the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging
Advisory Committee. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The appointment of an Emergency Services Director was discussed. Mr.
Jack Rohle with the Department of Emergency Services requested that
this position be filled by a Board of Supervisors member. After
discussion, the Board by consensus deferred this appointment until the
January 1994 organizational meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson presented information on Juvenile Detention Facilities,
No action was necessary.
Mr. Jamerson next recognized the members of the ACTIONS committee and
called Mr. Fred kKruschwitz, spokesman for the group, to appear before
the Board.
Mr. Kruschwitz displayed a layout of the proposed athletic complex for
the High School and began by explaining that the ACTIONS committee was
formed approximately a year and a half ago to try to do something td
get a stadium going. The committee is composed of approximately twc
(2) dozen citizens. The committee began by surveying the tract of
land, did topographic survey, met with coaches as to the needs and then
met with FFA Alumni who donated a parcel of property to this project.
Mr. Kruschwitz and the ACTIONS committee had hoped to raise the needed
funds from private donations and donated work but it was more than the
committee felt they could handle. Mr. Kruschwitz went intd
considerable detail concerning the proposed athletic facilities, giving
approximate cost, discussing parking, fencing, etc.
After discussion, questions and comments, Mr. Kruschwitz presented 4
petition of support to build a new athletic complex signed by the
members of the ACTIONS committee. (The document is on file in the
November 1993 Board file.)