279
Mr. Overstreet suggested that the County could contract the maintenance to the Town and
when they have other obligations and cannot fix something at the time it is needed, the
county can out source it to someone else at that time.
Chairman Craft stated that the County could outsource the maintenance entirely to a
contractor.
Mr. Conrad suggested that the Town may be more acceptable to a contract for the
maintenance at this time.
Mr. Tanner questioned if the County should set a time frame and then establish a Public
Service Authority.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels that the water line would have to prove itself and then the
Town would be more acceptable to looking at a Public Service Authority.
Mr. Craft questioned how the County would handle the situation when citizens in the
Spout Spring area want to hook to the water line.
Mr. Carter stated that this would be something that this committee would need to look at
and offer solutions.
Ms. Ferguson stated that it was her understanding that the County would seek customers
coming down Route 460 and we would do what we determine is reasonable to serve these
customers in the County and the County’s big drive is the Industrial Park which she
believes is part of the overall plan.
Mr. Carter questioned the Board on what they are going to offer the Town in regards to
the counter offer.
Mr. Wayne Lewis from the audience commented on the financing part of this and it
would be to the Towns benefit because any monies that they put into this will affect the
real rate of the water. Whatever the cost it has got to be supported by the water rate.
Ms. Ferguson explained that Appomattox County was paying some engineering cost and
upgrade from Rustburg to Concord Elementary School and then another fee from
Concord Elementary School to Route 460. Campbell County has now determined a use
for that water going west so they have enough need themselves to upsize the line, so
Appomattox County is not paying any engineering fees from Rustburg to Concord
Elementary. Our cost will be from Concord Elementary to Route 460 at the stop light
which will reduce our cost greatly.
Chairman Craft asked Mr. Earl Dickerson if he had any comments.