459
Mr. Moore stated that he had been unsuccessful in getting someone to serve in this
capacity.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had also made numerous calls to try to get someone to serve
and had also been unsuccessful.
Ms. Ferguson stated that they would need to keep trying to get someone to serve in this
capacity.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6 — Request from Town Council and
explained that Town Council is requesting assistance with zoning while they are looking
for anew Town Manager. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated if there was a time limit on this request.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we are willing to help with this and that she cannot imagine
there is a huge volume of request. Ms. Ferguson stated that if we find that we cannot
handle this request we will contact them and let them know. Ms. Ferguson stated that she
would like to work with them and she feels that they work with us when we have needs
also.
Mr. Overstreet stated that a citizen can ask a Zoning Administrator for an interpretation
of the zoning ordinance and if our Zoning Administrator is going to be the administrator
for the Town he would be giving an administrative opinion which could be appealed and
could lead to several appeals, Mr. Overstreet stated that this may not be much of a
problem, but at the same time it may also be a lot.
Mr. Carter questioned if the Town was going to compensate us for this.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this had not been discussed but she assumed that we would
receive all fees incurred while acting as administrator.
Mr. Tanner made a motion for the County Administrator’s office to assist with Zoning in
the Town of Appomattox until they are able to replace their Town Manager. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for further discussion, hearing
none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #7 — Complete Count Committee
and explained that at the February 17, 2009 meeting the Board discussed appointing a
Complete Count Committee to help gather census information. This matter was tabled
until Ms. Ferguson could review the material more closely and see if there was a way to
scale down the requirements to a more manageable committee. Chairman Conrad stated
that Ms. Ferguson is reporting that after going over the material more closely and taking