125
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
Bobby Wingfield — Public Safety Director
Alice Rockefeller - Landfill Supervisor
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Armbrust to deliver
the invocation, followed by everyone joining in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American
Flag.
Mr. Carter stated the first item on the agenda was the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
ADD:
9A. Approval of Purchase of Loader for Landfill
Mr. Carter then called for Citizen Public Comment Period:
This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are
of importance or concern to the citizen.
No one came forward to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. T._J. Knight - Waste Management Facility Operator License:
Ms. T. J. Knight has been asked to attend the meeting with her supervisor Alice
Rockefeller to be recognized by the Board for receiving her Waste Management
Facility Operator’s License. T. J.’s receiving this license to operate the Landfill is
a great benefit to the County since a certified operator is required to be on site
during the hours of operation.
Recommendation: Staff recommends recognizing Ms. Knight for her
accomplishment.
Mr. Carter congratulated Ms. Knight on her achievement and expressed the Board's
appreciation for her dedication and hard work on obtaining this certification.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this has taken quite a bit of time in studying at home as well
as a lot of anxiety on T. J.’s part in passing this examination. She passed it on her first
attempt which is something some others have failed to do. This is no small feat.
Mr. Craft also stated he would like to commend John Spencer, Barry Watkins, all the
other County Employees as well as the Landfill Personnel during the moving of the
Administrative Offices. Everyone shared in this work and saved the County a lot of
money.
2. Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce:
The Chamber is requesting that you waive the damage deposit of $100.00 for
their use of Courtland Field.