453
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman
Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. Earl Dickerson with Hurt & Proffitt to come and
update the Board on the 460 Waterline Project.
Mr. Dickerson came forward and briefly gave a report on the progress of work that has
been done thus far on the 460 waterline project and stated that the design plan for the
water line is about 30 percent complete. Mr. Dickerson stated that all property owners
had been identified and things are moving forward with the project and are rapidly
coming together in a positive way.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Dickerson for his report.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Roberts Rules of Order for Small
Boards and stated that this issue was brought before the Board at the last meeting for
them to consider if this Board wished to follow in regards to allowing a motion without
the necessity of a second.
Mr. Craft stated that he had no problems with this however he felt it might be confusing.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to see the Board continue as they have been and it
would be more prudent to go with a second as it would allow you time to table and to
revisit at later date if necessary.
Mr. Tanner stated that he was comfortable with this staying as it is. Mr. Tanner stated
that he had talked with other Board members of other localities and they do not use the
second, Mr. Tanner stated that he however is more familiar with using the second,
however he would not oppose this if the consensus of the Board would like to change.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the procedure of what this board has been using is a departure
from the small board procedures and the Board may want to make a motion to continue in
this manner.
Mr. Carter made a motion for the Board to continue using the Robert Rules of Order with
the departure and using a second on motions. Mr. Craft seconded this motion. Chairman
Conrad called for further discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#2 — Letter to the Town of Appomattox,
and explained that in the last meeting it was suggested that the County Administrator
write a letter to the Town requesting if they were not going to use their half of the STAG
grant that they award it to the County. Chairman Conrad stated that this letter has now
been written and they had been given a copy for Board approval and instructions if they
wish the County Administrator to send.