040
and excused Mr. Peterson and called Mrs. Janet Belter, County
Treasurer.
Mrs. Belter reported that since the delinquent tax notices
were published in the newspapers, $9,958.60 worth of
delinquent taxes had been paid. She compared this to
approximately $3000.00 collected during the same period of
time last year.
Next, Mrs. Belter asked permission to dispose of the 1984 tax
tickets. Mrs. Beasley so moved seconded by Mr. Torrence.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Belter next asked permission to attend the Virginia
Association of Local Executive Constitutional Officers
(VALECO) Conference September 28, 1992. Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve Mrs. Belter’s
expenses not to exceed $200.00 to attend the VALECO
Conference September 28, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
There being no further business, Mr. Jamerson thanked and
excused Mrs. Belter and called Mr. Jack Thomas,
Superintendent of Schools.
Dr. Thomas asked for an appropriation of $804,000.00 to
operate the Schools through October, 1992. Dr. Thomas
explained that revised software now required teachers to be
paid monthly. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to appropriate $804,000.00 for the Schools. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Dr. Thomas next reported appropriation for the School
construction project of $449,791.00 had been received in FY91
and that $443,577.00 had been paid out. Mr. Thomas alerted
the Board he will need additional money next month to pay the
rest of the bills.
Mr. Thomas next reported that unexpected enrollment increases
in four (4) grades (grades 2, 3, 4, and 5) has required
hiring two (2) additional teachers, but he feels the School
Board can still operate within budget.
Mr. Thomas then reported on out-of-county students being
served by the Schools and presented the Board a list of these
students including their names, grade level, and County of
residence.
Mr. Jamerson then raised the issue of extending COBRA
insurance coverage. After considerable discussion, Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the County’s
group health insurance coverage be made available to retired
former County employees at their expense until they reach the
age of 65. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.