247
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors supports the continued state funding of programs which
encourage and enable fire departments to install dry hydrants.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board a
Supervisors requests that the Virginia Association of Counties add t
their 1994 legislative agenda a resolution of support for state funding
of programs that enable and encourage fire departments to accelerate
the installation of dry fire hydrants.
+ Q—-O-Hr
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next the Board considered a request from the Library Board to appoint
someone to replace Deborah Powell, whose term expired June, 1993. My
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Mary Edith
Morris, Appomattox River District, to a 4-year term on the Library
Board beginning July 1, 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Also, the Library Board advised that the State allocated an additiona
$1,297.00 to the Library Budget. On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconde
by Mrs. Beasley the Board agreed to add $1,297.00 to the Library Budget
under books. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye, Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ctor
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Monte Mays, Commissioner of
Revenue, for money for himself and one (1) deputy to attend the Local
Government Officials Convention in Charlottesville. Mr. Carwile made ja
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for Monte Mays, Commissioner
of Revenue and one (1) deputy to attend the Local Government Officials
Convention in Charlottesville. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Richardson also requests an appropriation from the Asset
Seizure/Forfeiture Fund. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr
Moore to appropriate $600.00 from the Asset Seizure/Forfeiture Fund
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; My
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested a line item transfer from 1101-5804 Operatin
Reserve to 1201-7003 Computer Lease to cover an omission in the FyY94
Budget. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve
line item transfer of $3,633.45 from 1101-5804 Operating Reserve t
1201-7003 Computer Lease. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
O-D-Q
Mrs. Ferguson requests permission to join the Virginia Municipal Clerks
Associaton. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay
dues in the amount of $25.00 to the Virginia Municipal Clerks
Association. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
thth