118
Mr. Conrad, Mr. Craft and Mr. Overstreet will be attending the Region 2000 Annual
Dinner Meeting on October 18, 2007 at the Oakwood Country Club, Lynchburg, Va. Mr.
Carter is not sure at this time, will notify Ms. Ferguson later.
5D. Joint Meeting with School Board:
Mr. Conrad has been working with Dr. Boone to schedule a joint meeting to
invite Susan Hogge to meet with us to provide information concerning public
school funding.
Recommendation: Staff recommends receiving Mr. Conrad’s report.
Mr. Conrad reported that as you will recall, we met earlier this year with Ms. Hogge and
a meeting was set up with our delegate. Ms. Hogge is a Legislative Fiscal Analyst and is
on the Appropriations Committee in the House of Delegates. Since the majority of our
budget goes to the School Board, about 66% of the total budget, it becomes imperative
that some of the comments made about how our budget is spent be addressed and
there have certainly been numerous questions. At that meeting, she explained about the
procedure for actually how much would be allocated for the County. She went into a lot
of depth on this subject. She also explained that there are programs that the county
school boards can go into to help them become better equipped at managing their
funding and making requests. He felt it would be nice if the School Board and the
Board of Supervisors got together and invited Ms. Hogge to talk with us. He has talked
with her and asked if she would meet with us. Our next meeting with the School Board
is scheduled for October 22", but a few things will prohibit her from participating on this
date. Ms. Hogge will be on a vacation cruise and since this will be our first meeting
with the School Board and Dr. Boone, this would not be a very good time for her to be
there, Mr. Conrad had spoken with Bobby Waddell today and he suggested that maybe
we could meet on Monday, October 29,th. After talking with Ms. Ferguson, it was
suggested that maybe we could have Ms. Hogge come to the November 26" meeting.
After some discussion, it was the consensus of the Board to have Ms, Hogge meet with
the Board of Supervisors and the School Board at the regular board meeting on Monday,
November 26, 2007.
SE. Adopt EMS Ordinance with Amendments:
A public hearing was held at 6:15 p.m. to receive comments on an
Ordinance to Establish a County EMS/Rescue Division, provide for Mutual Aid
and provide for Revenue Recovery as Authorized by Chapter II, Title 27 of
the Code of Virginia Section 32.1-111.14 and Section 15.2-955.
Recommendation: Staff recommends adopting the EMS Ordinance.
Mr. Overstreet commented that paragraph c), last sentence, under Section 21.6, should
read “Furthermore, these private commercial or not-for-profit entities, except
those providers with whom Appomattox County Rescue Squad and Pamplin
Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. contract are exempt from the remainder of the
provisions in this article.”