045
steering committee to review Pedestrian/Alternate Transportation needs for the region. They
are requesting the Board to appoint a citizen interested in trails to serve along with Brandon
Stidham and Anne Dixon on this Committee.
Mr. Carter believes this is a very important committee and he has a couple of names to submit but
he has not as yet contacted the individuals. Ifno one else has any suggestions, he would like to have
this item tabled until the next meeting on June 18", 2001. The Board decided to table this until the
next meeting.
4. Road Viewers: Please consider the appointment of Elantha “Jimmy” Drinkard, Claude Allen
Moore and Lynette Page as the road viewers for the upcoming year. These three served in
this capacity last year and have agreed to serve again this year.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile, Elantha “Jimmy” Drinkard, Claude Allen
Moore and Lynette Page be appointed as Road Viewers for the upcoming year. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
5. CSA Coordinator: The Community Policy & Management Team that is responsible for
administering the Comprehensive Services Act for the County has requested that the Board
approve the resolution allowing the CPMT to contract with the Campbell County CPMT to
provide Coordinator services. The Board approved a similar arrangement last year. Mr.
Carroll is requesting the Board pass this resolution.
After some discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Community Policy and Management Team wishes to
contract with the Campbell County Community Policy and Management Team for certain
services as specified in the contract, which is incorporated herein by reference;
WHEREAS, The Campbell County Community Policy and Management Team is willing to
provide those services as specified in the referenced contact;
BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
authorizes the Appomattox County Community Policy and Management Team to enter into the
referenced contract with the Campbell County Community Policy and Management Team.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
The next item for consideration is the Consent Agenda: (Items 6-18)
6. Approval of Minutes: The minutes of the April 23", Budget Work Session; the April
30" Visioning Session; the May 7", regular meeting; the May 12' Budget Work Session;
the May 15", Business Appreciation Luncheon; the May 21* regular meeting; the May
21* Public Hearing; and the May 21“ Redistricting Public Hearing were approved as
presented.