512
doing is asking us to take a look at an inundation zone. If and when a dam breaks the
inundation zone that will be created by the flood waters, will be mapped and they want
us to support them in having the General Assembly fund the engineering services that it
will take to develop the inundation zone. There are a number of other things that are
associated with this, but basically this is what their request is to the Board. They will
also be dealing with Campbell County, Amherst County and other locations in the
Commonwealth as well. They are putting us on notice that there is a draft legislation
and as soon as they get this approved he will be sending it to the Board.
They are lucky to have Bobby Wingfield on their Board and they have an Emergency
Action Plan that they are dealing with.
They recently had some improvements done to a dam in Henry County that cost almost
2 million dollars, because it changed from a Class 2 to a Class 1, which is a higher
category. They are basically trying to give the Board an opportunity to determine where
the inundation zone is so people will know if they are actually building in this zone.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Russell for presenting this information.
Mr. Carter next introduced Mr. David Rose, Davenport & Company and Mr. Dan
Siegel, Sands, Anderson:
Mr. Rose and Mr. Siegel are appearing before the Board to discuss financing options for
the proposed water line to Concord and other County projects.
Mr. Siegel was not able to attend the meeting. Mr. Rose presented the Board with a
handout and a summary containing the financial information. He also introduced Mr.
Ben Emerson, an attorney with Sands, Anderson.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had spoken with Mr. Rose about some projects the County may
or may not be doing, just to get some idea of the impact and also the proposed
waterline to give you some idea of the impact on taxes prior to making any type of
decision.
Mr. Rose pointed out some of the things that he and Ms. Ferguson had discussed.
There are a little more than $1.5 million in immediate needs. This covers things such as
CVCC renovation as well as the second phase of the elementary school.
As you can see, there are some additional needs that have been discussed. He is trying
to get to the essence of the larger number of the Rustburg to Appomattox waterline and
what is happening “cash flow” wise to the County. The strategy they will recommend is
basically a two-fold strategy.
Finance roughly $1.5 million by year end and do this through a bank placement. Secure
bids for local banks and work through the Industrial Development Authority as a legal
borrower.