305
A recessed meeting and budget work session of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on April 27, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. in the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Moore, as Chairman, asked who would like to start the discussion.
Mr. Kendrick passed out a document for each member to review and explained what he had done
with the suggestions from the previous meeting concerning building permits, parking fines and
landfill charges for commercial users which amounted to approximately $39,000 in additional
revenue. Mr. Kendrick then explained the figures he had come up with on this scenario, by fully
funding the school budget and increasing the tax rate by $.25.
Mrs. Ferguson explained the new figures from the schools. This is not an official budget work sheet
as it was not adopted by the School Board.
Mr. Carter explained his position. From phone calls he has received everyone is in favor of fully
funding the school budget. He has talked with Dr. Krug, Mrs. Jamerson and Mr. Perrow and they
answered a lot of his questions. There is a lot to digest and make a conscientious decision. If the
industrial park is to bring in a tax base, a good school system will be a deciding factor in businesses
locating in Appomattox. If a vote were taken tonight, he would be in favor of fully funding the
school budget.
Mr. Carwile stated that the prospects of the industrial park are to far down the road to come to the
rescue at this time. Regarding the quality of education in this county, out of 133 counties, we rank
115, spending approximately $5,522 per pupil. As he sees it, we are equal in our level of education
to surrounding counties in the Commonwealth. He would like to see better results for the dollar
spent. The dollar is not the answer, the building is not the answer, the bottom line is the teachers. He
supports education in any way we can, as affordable by the taxpayers who have to pay for it. Mr.
Kendrick made some good points, but he does not feel the taxpayers can afford this school budget
at this time.
Mr. Kendrick addressed some of Mr. Carwile’s questions.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Hancock if he had any comments.