585
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter delivered the invocation which was then followed
by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Ms. Ferguson added to the agenda-
Administrative Item #2A- Resolution on 100" Birthday of Bennie C. Massey; Administrative
Item#2B- Broadband Authority; Administrative Item #2C- Economic Development Director
Interviews.
Chairman Conrad called for public comment.
Mr. Phillip L. Nelson came forward and stated his address as Vineyard Drive in the Stonewall
District. Mr. Nelson stated that he appreciates the convenience centers and expressed a “thank
you” for this. However, when taking his bag of household trash he received a tour and was told
and what was expected when coming to the convenience sites. Mr. Nelson stated that he was
excited and went back to the office and told his secretary to label bins for recycling and he was
glad to see that the County was now going to recycle. Mr. Nelson stated that later that day he
took a bag of trash to the convenience center from his small business and was told that he could
not use the dumpster site for his business. Mr. Nelson stated that he understands why this is
being done and he was not aware that he should not have been using the dumpster site over the
previous years. Mr. Nelson stated that he understands the decision, however, the reason he was
speaking tonight was to request that the Board consider allowing small businesses like his to use
the convenience centers. Mr. Nelson thanked the Board for allowing him to come and make his
request.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Nelson and called for anyone else that wished to come and appear
before the Board.
With no further comments, Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Rick Butler with Virginia
Department of Forestry who appeared before the Board to provide any update on forestry
activities in Appomattox.
Mr. Butler came forward and provided the Board with an update which he provides the Board
each year. Mr. Butler stated that with better record keeping he had come across some
information that he thought the Board may be interested in. The new land use tax reduction to
farmers had a dramatic impact upon reforestation this year as 300 acres of harvested timber was
converted to agriculture and approximately 1000 acres has been lost due to development in the
past year. Mr. Butler stated that he would now answer any questions that the Board may have.
Hearing no comments, Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Butler and called on Ms. Alice
Rockefeller, Landfill Supervisor to appear before the Board to provide an update on the
convenience centers and to answer any questions that the Board may have. Ms. Rockefeller is
requesting the Board amend the waste separation requirements to enhance recycling efforts
within the County.