10.
11.
12.
117
acquisition, design, construction, renovation, expansion, equipping and furnishing of the Projects
is hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.
The County by acceptance of this financing agrees to indemnify, defend and save harmless, to the
extent permitted by law, the Authority, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and
against all liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, fines, losses, costs and expenses in
any way connected with the Authority, the issuance of the Bond, or the acquisition, design,
construction, renovation, expansion, equipping and furnishing of the Projects.
Nothing in this Resolution, the Bond or the Documents shall constitute a debt or a pledge of the
faith and credit of the Authority or the County, and the Authority shall not be obligated to make
any payments under the Bond or the Documents except from payments made by or on behalf of
the County under the lease agreement pursuant to annual appropriation thereof in accordance with
applicable law.
The County hereby designates, and allocates to the Authority in relation to the issuance of the
Bond, such designation as a “qualified tax-exempt obligation” for the purpose of Section
265(b)(3) of the Code. The County does not reasonably anticipate (nor do any of its subordinate
entities reasonably anticipate) issuing more than $10,000,000 in qualified tax exempt obligations
during calendar year 2005 and the County (and any of its subordinate entities) will not designate
more than $10,000,000 of qualified tax-exempt obligations pursuant to Section 265(b)(3) ofthe
Code during such calendar year.
The Board on behalf of the County hereby designates the Bond as eligible for the “small issuer
exception” to the rebate requirements of Section 148(f)(2) and (3) of the Code pursuant to Section
148(f)(D)(vii) of the Code, as the Authority is a subordinate entity of the County under Section
148(f)(4)(D) of the Code and the County is a governmental unit with general taxing powers, no
bond which is a part of the Bond will be a private activity bond, 95% or more of the net proceeds
of the Bond are to be used for local governmental activities of the Authority and the County, and
the aggregate face amount of all tax-exempt bonds, excluding private activity bonds to be issued
by the County and the Authority during the calendar year 2005 is not reasonably expected to
exceed $5,000,000 increased by the lesser of $10,000,000 or so much of the aggregate face
amount of the Bonds as are attributable to financing the construction of public school facilities
within the meaning of Section 148(f)(D)(vii). The Board on behalf of the County hereby allocates
to the Authority $4,200,000 of its small issuer size limitation for the calendar year 2005 to the
Bond for purposes of Section 148(f)(4)(D) of the Code.