251
19. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conversation District: Minutes of the
September 11, 2005 Board of Directors meeting and Annual Report for 2004-
2005 for the District.
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad has a concern of animal control. Mr. Martin, the Animal Warden, is literally
up to his chin in work. He is receiving calls at all hours, seven (7) days a week, from
people regarding stray dogs, feral cats, and everything else out there. We need to
come with a solution based on what we have. One avenue is to hire an individual to
help the animal warden, which means additional money. There is another way to look
at this and he would like to throw this out as food for thought. Appomattox County
does not have a leash law. The reason being rural areas where roaming dogs are not a
problem. As we add more and more people moving into our area from out of state, you
have more complaints. If we are going to correct this growing problem, we may have to
develop a leash law during certain times of the year. Don’t have it in effect during
hunting season (7 weeks out of the year for deer hunting or longer if you include rabbit
season). We need to address this problem as equitable as possible, so no one group
feels they are being stepped on.
Ms. Ferguson stated the office has not tracked animal control calls well. We are
beginning to do that and the call volume is increasing and citizens patience is becoming
less and less. We find we have more and more calls dealing with someone’s dog
walking across their property, using their property as a bathroom facility, people are
afraid to come out of their house because there is a dog in the yard. We have a lot of
concerns about what is going on. Mr. Martin tries his best to answer these complaints,
he does an excellent job, but is it becoming astronomical- he cannot keep this up by
himself. The Board needs to start thinking about how they are going to address this
problem. We have a policy that says that Mr. Martin does not go out at night or on
week-ends unless it is an emergency. She would classify an emergency as a dog-bite or
an animal kill. However, who is trying to go to church on Sunday morning and a
Rothweilder is between him and his car — to him this is also an emergency. Hiring
another person is not the only expense involved, another truck and other equipment is
also necessary.
This problem has grown because we have new people move into the community that
are not use to having dogs roaming around, the news media coverage of animal attacks,
etc. these all contribute to the amount of calls we now receive.
Mr. Overstreet commented on several things that were done in Bedford when he was
County Attorney. They drafted an ordinance, where they divided the County in
quadrants using Route 460 and Route 122 as boundaries, whereby animals in that area
had to be put up for a certain period. Another thing was, if a sub-division had certain
concentration of population (like a square mile block) a certain number of the population
could present a petition to have that area a “leash law” zone. This would involve highly
concentrated areas but not in the rural “hunting” areas.
Mr. Carter suggested that this be placed on the Board’s agenda around the first of the
new year.