158
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Austin.
At 6:45 p.m. Mr. Carter stated a closed meeting was necessary in accordance with §2.2-
3711(A).7 of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel and
briefings by staff members pertaining to litigation, “Commonwealth of Virginia vs.
Board of Supervisors” (courthouse litigation), “Aubrey R. Padgett, III vs. Board of
Supervisors” (FOIA) and “O’Brien et.al. vs. Board of Supervisors” (biosolids
regulations) and also for consultation with legal counsel concerning the contract between
the County and Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partners.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into a closed meeting in
accordance with §2.2-3711(A).7 — Legal Consultation. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:59 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile the board returned to
regular session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under Section 2.2-3711(A)7
Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Action from Closed Session: Mr. Carter stated there were actions to be taken as
a result of the closed meeting.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission
recommends that no action be taken on Petition 02-509 Shirley D. Wheeler, etal,
as this petition was tabled until the October 2002, meeting. However, the
Planning Commission does recommend that the Board adopt the changes to
Zoning Ordinance — “‘Lot Width” as proposed.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Planning Commissions
recommendation on the word change pertaining to “Lot Width” in the Appomattox
County Zoning Ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.