245
Chairman Craft referred to the revised code section and called for any questions that the
Board may have.
Mr. Carter asked when the Town holds their elections they utilize two voting machines
and is it his umderstanding that Mr. Underwood is saying he does not have enough
machines to have an election even if they establish a central location?
Mr. Overstreet stated that he has enough machines for establishing a central location.
Mr. Conrad stated that in using two machines is it going to be in the same location at all
times?
Ms. Ferguson stated that this is for absentee voting and this will be used for Town and
County elections which will be done prior to Election Day.
Mr. Carter stated that the only additional expense will be for the hours as described.
Mr. Carter made a motion to hold a public hearing to make revisions to the Elections
Ordinance to address the absentee voting changes on May 19, 2008. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion, with no
other discussion Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — Statement of Agreement with the
Health Department.
Chairman Craft called for any discussion. With no discussion Mr. Conrad made a motion
to enter into the agreement with the Health Department. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for the vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The next item for discussion is Administrative Item #4- Agreement for Professional
Consulting Services.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Bobby Wingfield, Public Safety Director, to come before
the Board and explain this addendum to the service contract with Timmons Group.
Mr. Wingfield stated that basically what we have is parcel data on paper and this will
give us the opportunity to put the data in the computer so we will be able to locate who
lives where and it will give us the ability to look up addresses immediately.
Mr. Oversireet stated that he would like to see the Board and Mr. Wingfield do a sole
source procurement on this. Mr. Overstreet explained that we have amended this
agreement with Timmons once before for optional services and that is what we are doing
here is an addendum to that base contract which is dated 2003 which is five years old.