31
fronts on Route 460 (Richmond Highway) and Route 647 (Spout Spring Road) and is
approximately 4.5 acres in size. Tax Map #’s 62(A) 56 and 62(A) 57.
Mr. Roark called for comments for or against this petition.
Mr. Steve Conner: Mr. Conner made a declaration that he will not vote on this petition
as he holds about 50% interest in said property.
This property contains approximately 4.5 acres in both parcels. We purchased the
property in foreclosure. The 460 Corridor Plan, the County Comprehensive Plan and the
Growth Management Plan calls for the property in this corridor to be Business or
Commercial and that is why we feel it should be Commercial District B-1. This property
does not have a residence of value and it is not financially feasible to repair the one
existing for it to be livable. The highest and best use for this property is to have it
rezoned to B-1. We propose to tear down the two story dwelling and probably both
homes.
Mr. Roark asked for comments for or against this petition.
At 8:00 p.m. Mr. John Wilson, Mayor called the Appomattox Town Council to order.
Mr. Roark presented the next petition.
RZ07005 — Thomasville Furniture: Applicant is requesting to Rezone property on
the west end of Town located on Route 460 west (Richmond Highway) from Industrial -
M-i to Business — Bi, tax map #64A1(A)3. This property is located within the
Appomattox Town Limits.
Mr. Roark called for comments for or against this petition.
There were no comments regarding this petition.
At 8:03 p.m. the Appomattox Town Council adjourned.
Mr, Roark presented the last petition.
VARO7001 — Wayne E. Paulette, 125 Old Sawmill Lane, Evergreen, VA:
Applicant is requesting a variance of the rear yard setback (Section 170-80, Table 2) on
property located on Old Sawmill Road near the intersection of Twin Tunnel Road (Route
679), Tax Map #90(A)14 and is zoned R-1 Residential District. Applicant is requesting a
variance of 13 feet for the rear yard setback to the western property line for expansion
of existing dwelling.
Mr. Roark called for comments for or against this petition.
There were no comments for this petition.
Mr. Roark turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.