651
Planning Commission discuss this issue at the December 17" meeting and have the County
Attorney present to address any legal or possible litigation issues that may arise.
Also does the Board wish to move the meeting to a larger facility.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Carwile the Board recommended that the Biosolids
issue be discussed at the December 17" meeting at the Courthouse and that the County Attorney be
present. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. Mr.
Hancock not present.
4. BOARD APPOINTMENTS:
a. Planning Commission:
If Joint Planning Commission code revision is acted upon at tonight’s meeting, an
appointment is necessary for the Falling River District.
By consensus, the Board tabled this issue to a future date.
b. Current Appomattox Elementary School Committee:
Pursuant to the joint meeting held with the School Board on November 26", the
Board needs to appoint a Board member and a citizen to serve on this committee,
The Board would like to have a citizen from each district to serve on this Board, however, this needs
to be discussed with the School Board.
This issue was tabled until such time as we can confirm with the School Board that a citizen will be
appointed from each district.
5. Regional Hazardous Materials Response Team:
Kimball Payne, Lynchburg City Manager, is requesting that the state recognize the
Lynchburg Fire and EMS Department as a Regional Hazardous Materials Response Team.
Lynchburg would appreciate a letter of support on behalf of this effort.
By consensus, the Board agreed to have Mr. Carroll send a letter of support to Department of
Emergency Services supporting the designation of the Lynchburg Fire and EMS Department as a
Regional Hazardous Materials Response Team.
6. County Welcome Signs:
Staffhas submitted a memorandum outlining the process that they have taken to pursue this
project in accordance with the grant application approved by the Board. Also submitted are
three conceptual designs for these signs. County Administrator is requesting that the Board
consider the following:
1) Award the contract to Signs, Logos & More based upon their firm price and past
performance.
2) Review the attached conceptual designs for the welcome signs and provide staff with
instructions on whether to proceed with a particular design, to get additional designs
developed, and/or any other input on the design that the Board wishes to receive.