052
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $426.33
from the Law Library Fund for the month of February 1996. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$300.00 as a supplemental appropriation to 4302 to purchase a utility
trailer. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette reminded the other members of the Board to remember
repairs, that were needed to County property, during the budget process
Mr. Paulette next asked the Board what they wished to do with the
vacant "Old Library" building.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger ta
offer the use of the "Old Library" to the School Board for whatever
purpose they see fit. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next brought the Board’s attention to a request from
Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department for the generator that had been used
at the radio tower.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
donate the generator to the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department for their
use, if it can be repaired; if it cannot be repaired Pamplin Volunteer
Fire Department would return the generator to the County Sheriff’s
Department to be used for parts. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, to report on the
Route 608, Stonewall Precinct, exchange of easement.
Mr. Lawson explained that he had drafted a deed exchanging two
easements, which the County owns, for a 30’ easement (along the
existing roadway) from County owned property to Route 608.
Mr. Lawson stated if the Board approved the deed tonight, he could
forward to the Martin’s and Thompson’s for signature.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept the deed as
prepared by Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, exchanging easements with the
Martin’s and Thompson’s at the Stonewall Voting Precinct Property,
located on State Route 608. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette stated the Board would need to meet after the Public
Hearing on February 20, 1996 to review the FY97 budget request and
revenue estimate.