305
Mr. Torrence said that the motion was basically what was discussed i
the work session Monday night. He felt that the Board needs to make!
decision to clarify for the School Board whether we will build a ni
school or renovate the existing facility.
Mr. Carwile questioned how Mr. Torrence planned to do this withol
attaching a figure to his motion.
Mr. Torrence said that he does have some figures which he intends
include in another motion, his main objective with this motion was
establish renovation and addition, versus new construction.
Mr. Moore stated that he has talked with many people in his area al
none he spoke with wanted the athletic facility tied in with the Scho
proposal. Mr. Moore continued by saying if the school and athlet
complex were tied together he was going to have a problem with t
motion.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to remind the other Board membe)
that on September 23, 1993 in a letter from Jack Thomas, Superintendel
of Schools that renovation is needed but that it is not the he
choice. Mr. Carwile continued by reminding the Board that the groun
do not meet the State minimum requirements for middle schools and t
addition of a new wing, parking lot and the bus loading area wi
lessen an already inadequate site. Mr. Carwile said that in his lett
Dr. Thomas went on to say that maintenance is done constantly to ket
the building "coat hangered" together.
Mr. Torrence then presented the second part to his motion. That tl
Board appropriate the following funds for Middle School facili
construction: (Mr. Torrence stated that he was presenting this proposs
as a package.)
a) 3-1/4 million dollars for renovation and addition to the
middle school, for the 95-96 school year,to be financed for
period of 20 years, with the first debt service payment made
in 1996.
b) 1 million dollars 1994-1995 with the following breakdown:
1) $300,000.00 for two (2) mobile units to be used at the
Elementary School and the completion of four (4)
to five (5) classrooms on the second level of the arts
building at the middle school.
2) $700,000.00 for an athletic complex, contingent on the
citizen action group raising $250,000.00
Mr. Torrence continued by saying that these were figures that the Boat
had looked at on Monday night, at the work session, and with the del
service for a 20 year period. Mr. Torrence said that this is tl
proposal that he will make and he feels that it should be made as o
(1) complete proposal. Mr. Torrence said that after the vote on tl
first motion, he would be making a second motion using the figures thi
he has just presented.
Mr. Carwile questioned Mr. Torrence as to the total of his proposal.
YO
zoololze)oaraTArPAHATNHRPKoOOOOa aol