079
it developed a_ leak. Mr. Jamerson reasoned there would
likely be some liability on the part of the generator. After
considerable discussion, if was decided this issue would
remain indeterminable until legal precedents had been
established.
Mr. Jamerson stated he had had several calls and letters
regarding the landfill and had replied to each that the
County had not reached any decisions and that the County was
listening to all proposals trying to determine the best
approach. Mr. Jamerson continued by explaining his position.
He has believed since the idea was broached sometime ago,
that if a regional landfill was to be considered, it ought to
be the current Appomattox County Landfill because it was
already in operation, land has already been purchased and
plans are underway to modernize. Mr. Jamerson also felt the
regional landfill located at the current Appomattox site
should be operated under the control of Appomattox County.
Mr. Jamerson noted Nelson and Buckingham Counties have
indicated they would not support such an arrangement and that
Charlotte County had expressed no interest.
Mr. Carwile asked if the figures presented by Mr. Jamerson
considered the additional costs associated with the new
regulations. Mr. Jamerson replied that if the volume of
waste remains fairly constant and if the budgeted figures
presented by Hurt and Proffitt are reasonably accurate, the
figures are good for the life of the new cell. Mr. Jamerson
reasoned that the volume should remain fairly constant in the
short term because additional recycling should compensate for
any increases in generated waste. Mr. Jamerson also said he
had talked to the Engineers at Hurt and Proffitt earlier
today and they assured him the existing landfill could be
Closed for less than the $35,000.00 per acre that was
budgeted providing it is done prior to October, 1993 at which
time the more stringent new regulations become effective.
Also, after October of 1993 liability increases from 10 years
to 30 years and monitoring requirements increase from testing
of 10 to 11 disaplines to testing 30 some disaplines.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Carwile if he would agree to continue
with plans to open a new cell to give the County four (4)
years to plan for alternatives and monitor costs. Mr.
Torrence stated he felt there wasn’t time to undertake
another scheme other than to open a new cell. Mr. Torrence
also pointed out the County had no choice in permanently
Closing the older and existing portion of the County’s
landfill.
Mr. Carwile agreed a regional landfill in conjunction with
Nelson and Buckingham Counties offered no advantage to
Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore added he was of the opinion, based on a recent
meeting with the other two (2) counties, that Buckingham and
Nelson Counties were not interested in a regional landfill
controlled and operated by Appomattox County.