648
WHEREAS, the new facilities under construction and to be built by proceeds from the 2002 GOB will
greatly exacerbate the current park staffing and operational unmet needs and may lead to delayed openings
and indefinite land banking of new park land acquisitions; and
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors urges Governor
Warner and the members of the Virginia Senate and House of Delegates to support budget amendments
that address this critical need in the 2005 legislative session.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Contract for Cleaning Courthouse: Proposals for the cleaning of the Courthouse have
been received and three (3) applicants were interviewed.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we put out an RFP instead of an Invitation to Bid so that we could
interview the applicants thoroughly. The low bid was not necessarily the paramount reason for
selecting a firm. We interviewed one local group and one small firm out of Lynchburg. TCM
was by far the best applicant. They employ around 200 people and they have provisions for
emergencies and they will put three (3) employees here. Their cleaning will begin at 4:30 p.m.
and it will take approximately three (3) hours to complete the process. They will clean Monday
thru Friday. Periodically they strip and wax the floors and shampoo the carpets. This will be
done by a separate crew. They have back-up provisions, in case one of their employees is unable
to be on the job. They have liability insurance and they are prepared for any unforeseeable event.
They also have kits available for accidents that occur during the day until one of their employees
can arrive to handle these occurrences. Ms. Ferguson would like permission to enter into a
contract for one (1) year with an option to renew if work is performed satisfactorily. Said
contract can be terminated at any time with written notice if problems arise.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to accept TCM’s bid to perform the cleaning
services for the new Courthouse for a period of one (1) year with an option to renew. ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 6-11)
6. Approval of Bills: Please approve by consent bills as presented for payment.
ds Approval of Minutes: Please approve by consent minutes of Regular Meeting on
September 7, 2004; Regular Meeting on September 20, 2004; and Joint Public Hearing
on September 20, 2004.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Appomattox County School Board: Please approve by consent supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $795.03 for funds deposited with the Treasurer for the
period of August 2004 — September 2004 for dental insurance premiums paid by
employees. This is pass through money only.
FUND TRANSFERS:
9. Community Park Fund: Please transfer and approve by consent supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $781.00 to pay for seed for the Community Park.
LINE ITEM TRANSFERS:
10: Landfill: Please transfer $15,439.00 by consent from Operating Reserve to the Landfill
Professional Services to pay Hurt & Proffitt for the Study done on landfill alternatives.