510
Ms. Moore is opposed to the use of rifles. She came for Albemarle County which
is a rifle community and she knows that Appomattox is flat and open compared
to Albemarle. She had and still has reservations about rifles being used for
hunting. Ms. Moore related an incident where a hunter missed his target and a
woman sitting on her front porch with her husband was struck and killed. Even
though she lived in a highly elevated area, she did not allow her children to go
outside during hunting season. If someone had fired below her, and missed the
target, the bullet could have come through the yard and hit her, her children or
any of several domestic animals she had at the time. She is asking that before
this ordinance is passed, think long and hard because we are an open
community without many woods and not many mountains. Thank you.
Mr. Steven Selenski, Route 24, Appomattox, Va.
Mr. Selenski lives on the Appomattox/Buckingham County line. He also operates
a business on Main Street in downtown Appomattox. Mr. Selenski is opposed to
the use of rifles higher than a .22 caliber. Mr. Selenski stated that there has been
a war of terror going on for one and one-half years. Some believe this is a war
between Christians and Muslins. He stated we have a Muslin community located
in Red House. He is opposed to the use of high-powered rifles for hunting
purposes.
Mrs. Ellen Jamerson, Route 727, Appomattox, Va.
Mrs. Jamerson thanked the Board for allowing her to speak against the rifle
ordinance one more time. Tonight she is going to focus on statistics. Mrs.
Jamerson provided each member of the Board with a copy of an e-mail she
received from Mr. Reynolds of the Commission of Game & Inland Fisheries. She
lives only a few miles out of town on Route 727 and on Saturday afternoon she
heard gunfire in her area and this has happened before. She is concerned about
her safety and the safety of her property. We must protect the rights of “non-
hunters” and their property also. Mrs. Jamerson quoted some of the statistics:
There were 19 fatal accidents involving shotguns in Virginia during the last nine
or ten years; 350 non-fatal accidents. There were 22 fatal accidents involving
rifles and 67 non-fatal accidents. The non-fatal accidents are much lower with
rifles but the fatal accidents are much higher. There were 10 fatal and 31 non-
fatal accidents involving muzzle-loading firearms. It was also her understanding
that blaze orange was not required during muzzle-loading season. She
concludes from these statistics that hunting with rifles is certainly less safe than
hunting with shotguns. She would like for one of the Board to tell her why they
feel hunting with rifles is safer than hunting with shotguns. Mrs. Jamerson also
stated some hunting regulations regarding posted property. Mrs. Jamerson is
opposed to approving the Rifle Hunting Ordinance.
Mr. Carter informed Mrs. Jamerson that her question to the Board would be
handled at the end of the public hearing.