263
Ms. Lindsey also informed Mr. Moore of a request from Mr. Jack Burks
Route 1011, Piney Mountain District, that his road be improved. This
will be a consideration for the Six Year Plan.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey and called W. S. Pearce
ATA, CCS, Architectural Partners, to appear before the Board. Mr
Jamerson stated that Mr. Pearce has been working on a study for jai
renovations and asked Mr. Pearce to present his report. Mr. Pearce
began by distributing copies of the present floor plan for the jail
facility and also a revised floor plan showing proposed addition and|
alterations. Mr. Pearce explained that his firm began work on this
project at the first part of 1993 and since that time the Department of
Corrections has changed the guidelines and procedures required tq
receive funding for jail projects. The major change requires 4|
detailed Community Corrections Plan which will require more hours than
Appomattox County has presently agreed to fund. The additional hours
would cost approxiately $3,000.00 dollars more to complete the study
Discussion followed concerning the jail facility study and requirements
for reimbursement for State Funding.
-After listening to discussion, Mr. Carwile pointed out that the
proposed addition would barely meet the needs today and not allow for
any future increase in prisoner population.
Discussion followed concerning possible increasing the proposed
bedspace of six beds to 12 heds. .
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Pearce to reconfigure the proposal to include
the additional bedspace as discussed and return the information to Mrs
Ferguson.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Pearce and called Mrs. Janet
Belter, Treasurer, to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Belter presented the Board with copies of financial information
for July-August 1993. Mrs. Belter explained the County is a little
ahead of what we were last year at this time.
Mrs. Belter requested the Board transfer the Library Fund into another
type of account which requires a $100.00 minimum balance. Mrs. Belter
stated that the balance to date in the account $1,535.78. After
discussion the Board, by consensus, asked Mrs. Belter to close thé
Library Fund Alert Account and transfer funds to a new Revenue Line
Item in the General Operating Fund.
—0-
Mrs. Belter next requested the Board appropriate additional funds t
her budget to purchase a secretarial chair in her office. The one she
has is broken beyond repair. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Mrs. Beasley to transfer $108.00 to Treasurer’s FY94 Budget, t
purchase new secretarial chair. VOTE: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
O-<— 0-6: