391
then the Town needs to look at alternative sources in planning for growth. Something
needs to be done before there is a problem. The longer we wait the longer it will take
to get something done. Growth will be determined by the availability of water and
sewerage.
Mr. Wilson agreed that everyone is interested in a secure, adequate water supply. He is
concerned about the increase of taxes to the citizens. Also, he is concerned about the
drought season. Campbell County has about the same drought problems as does our
County. He agrees with Mr. Carter regarding combining the two studies.
At 6:50 p.m. Town Council made a motion and seconded to adjourn.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter stated the first thing on the agenda was to adopt the Social Services Budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that when this budget was presented at the original budget
process, we were unable to understand any of the figures presented on the tape.
However, we went in with some dummy figures and they were very close to the local
money that is being requested now. We had to add $1,350.00 of local monies to do the
appropriate matches that are required by State and Federal Government, with the local
share, of the Social Services budget is $213,350.00 and the total is $1,194,432.00.
Their budget is on a different cycle for everyone else’s. Their budget is actually effective
June 1, so this needs to be approved tonight. We have received some notice from the
Governor's Office that due to the fact the Social Service budget needs approval by June
1, he has appropriated funds from Emergency Appropriations to carry them through the
month of June. Hopefully, by then the Legislature will have resolved the problems they
are having with passing a State Budget.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the Social Services
Budget as stipulated. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the FY2007 Budget for the County of Appomattox, which
encompasses Tax Rates; Setting a deadline for the first tax payment and Adopting the
PPTRA Resolution.
Ms. Ferguson pointed out that after the public hearing when the School Board Chairman
spoke and informed the Board that they had received notification that they would
receive additional grant funding and she has adjusted the figures accordingly. There
was no additional local monies. They recognize that their budget is reduced by
$250,000.00 local monies and they have made these changes in their budget and then
added the additional grants and textbook appropriations, so we do not have to do an
appropriation for the year coming up. The total of the changes is $415,999.00. Ms.
Ferguson has made an adjustment in the revenue and expenditures on this proposed
budget. These changes are based on the Personal Property Tax Rate is being increased
to $4.60 per 100 dollars.