318
WHEREAS, there are documented water quality, public health, and environmental
problems resulting from, directly or indirectly, the introduction of hog wastes into surface
waters and noxious odors into the atmosphere; and,
WHEREAS, the potential threat to the safety and reliability of public water
supplies by the introduction of hog waste into surfaces waters not only affects the health,
safety, and welfare of current residents and businesses rural, suburban, and urban
jurisdictions, but also the future economic development efforts or publicly-funded utility
improvements to be undertaken by these jurisdictions.
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County, Virginia, that it calls upon the 1998 Virginia General Assembly to
revisit and amend Section 3.1-22.28 (Right to farm; restrictive ordinances) so as to
restore local governments’ ability to address large-scale, intensive hog breeding and
finishing operations through its previous and heretofore historic authority to oversee land
uses for the purpose of protecting and promoting the health, safety, and welfare of its
current and future citizens and businesses.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the CPMT team that Mrs. Ferguson be appointed
Fiscal Agent for CSA funds.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Aileen Ferguson as fiscal
agent for CSA funds for the remainder of FY98. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye, Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that a public hearing was necessary in order to amend the budget
to make the final payment on the loader.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, November 17, 1997 at 6:45 P.M. was
set to hold a public hearing to amend the budget.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mr. Irvin Maddox for a Special Exemption to
the Subdivision Ordinance.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Maddox request was denied
because he had an avenue open to him to take care of his problem.
Mr. Paulette explained that Mr. Alan Farley was requesting to relocate the Civil War re-
enactment to property owned by Mr. Robert Harris. Mr. Paulette stated that Mr. Farley
was also requesting a letter of support from the Board for this event.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a
Musical and Entertainment Festival Permit for Appomattox Rangers S.C.V. Camp #1733