557
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Charlie Peterson - Solid Waste Administrator
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting at 8:30 P.M. and asked Mrs.
Ferguson to review the items for consideration.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request that the Board of Supervisors ask
their insurance company to pay a reward to the person who provided
information in the case of the dumpster fire on Route 604.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, asked Mrs. Ferguson to write
a letter thanking the person for their help with this matter but did
not feel that they should start a policy of paying rewards.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented information, requested at the January 9,
1995 meeting, on the payments that have been made to Old Dominion
Appraisal Company.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to appropriate $17,104.26 to pay Old Dominion Appraisal Company for
work completed to date. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next, Mrs. Ferguson presented a letter from Mrs. Belter, Treasurer,
requesting the Board of Supervisors write letters supporting
restoration of funding to the Compensation Board budget for FY96.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board authorized Mrs. Ferguson
to write letters to the Governor, our Delegate and our Senator
requesting restoration of funding to the Compensation Board.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that a citizen had approached her
requesting the Board of Supervisors to allow Southside Animal Clinic t
come into the County to set up rabies clinics.
Oo.
A lengthy discussion followed. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Southside Animal Clinic to hold
rabies clinics in the County. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, nay.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the cost for FY95 to join the Southside
Legislative Consortium would be $500.00.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$500.00 for FY95 to join the Southside Legislative Consortium, with thi
understanding that membership would be reviewed on an annual basis,
after consideration is given to required funding. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
10)