516
BEDFORD, VIRGINIA: THE COUNTY OF CAMPBELL, VIRGINIA: THE CITY OF
LYNCHBURG, VIRGINIA: and the BLUE RIDGE REGIONAL JAIL AUTHORITY.
WHEREAS, it was intended by the parties that a provision be included |in
the Service Agreement that in the event any jurisdiction needs to
construct additional jail space in their Local Jail or in the Regional
Jail, and that jurisdiction is willing to pay the entire design and
capital costs for such additional construction, as well as any
increased operating costs relative to such additional beds, the Member
Jurisdictions and the Authority agree to allow that jurisdiction to
proceed with such construction, and
WHEREAS, this provision was not included in the final version of the
Service Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, it is agreed by the parties that the Blue Ridge Regional
Jail Authority Service Agreement shall be amended to add Section 3.5,
which read as follows:
Section 3.5 Expansion Funded by One Member Jurisdiction.
In the event any Member Jurisdiction needs to add Prisoner beds in
either their Local Jail or in the Regional Jail, and that jurisdiction
is willing to pay the entire design and capital costs for such
additional construction, as well as any increased operating costs
relative to such additional beds, the Member Jurisdictions and the
Authority agree to allow that jurisdiction to proceed with such
construction. The Authority agrees to apply for state reimbursement
for such capital and operating costs as may be permissible.
WHEREFORE, the parties evidence their agreement by the signatures below.
BLUE RIDGE REGIONAL JAIL AUTHORITY APPOMATTOX COUNTY
BY: BY:
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, Abstain; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Carwile stated for the record that he would abstain from voting or
the resolution and amendment. His reason is due to the unknowns in t
agreement forming the Authority and also, Section 15.1-262 requiring
public hearing.
lewrev
Mr. Torrence next opened the floor for nominations for a member and
alternate member to serve on the Regional Jail Authority.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appoint Aileen
Ferguson, County Administrator as Appomattox County’s representative o
the Regional Jail Authority. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Philip E.
Paulette as the alternate member on the Regional Jail Authority. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.