694
submitted and results came back surprising. Mr. Jones explained that out of the samples tested
for Appomattox County 53% came back with low ph which was expected, but 67% of samples
came back positive with coliform bacteria; 10% with positive E Coli bacteria; 10% came back
higher in magnesium; and 7% with nitrate nitrogen which was higher that the EPA would like to
see. Mr. Jones stated that these results were from residential areas not farm lands.
Mr. Jones next stated that dark tobacco is still a big industry within the County and we have seen
a major increase in production over this production cycle and he is not sure what the future will
hold, the purchaser in Kenbridge is shutting their facility and it will be keeping the buying
building open in years to come but it will be processed in Pennsylvania.
Mr. Jones stated that a potential crop for this area is barley as an ethanol plant is opening in
Hopewell.
Mr. Jones stated that Appomattox County hosted a Forage and Hay Field Day in the Concord
area this year and there was a large attendance from across the state.
Mr. Jones explained the Farm to Table program and is seeing an increase in purchasing local
grown foods and we actively have a farm in Pamplin in Frog Bottom that is running a CSA Farm
which is a Community Supported Agriculture Farm where they sell shares and each week and
deliver their in season produce.
Mr. Jones explained that we had one farmer that planted warm season grass — Cecil Wooldridge
and he utilized a company out of Ohio that offered a guaranteed stand. Mr. Wooldrige planted
for the first time and with the dry weather it did not do well, so the company has come back and
planted it again.
Mr. Jones stated that he had been working with the Agriculture Department at the High School to
offer a farm safety educational event for students.
Mr. Jones explained that he receives many calls from citizens on landscaping and then he gave a
summary of diagnostic samples that have been sent to the soil testing lab at Virginia Tech.
Mr. Jones stated that he was offering a Master Gardner Class through Virginia Tech and it will
start in January with 50 hours of class time and once you are trained you will be mandated to
participate with 50 hours of volunteer time. This class will cost $100 to attend. Mr. Jones stated
that he is expecting about 10 participants in this class.
Mr. Jones stated that he and his staff appreciate the financial support that is given from the
County.