569
Real Estate Tax Rate at .70 cents per hundred.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette read a request from Stonewall Vineyards for a permit to
hold a Musical & Entertainment Festival on May 13, 1995 and also, that
the Board waive the bond requirement.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Musical
& Entertainment Festival Permit for Stonewall Vineyards to hold its May
Fest on May 13, 1995 and to also waive the bond requirement. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Also, Mr. Paulette read a request from Cross Country Hunt Club for a
permit to hold turkey shoots and waive the bond requirement.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a permit for
Cross Country Hunt Club to hold turkey shoots and to waive the bond
requirement. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained a request from Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department for tires for engine #2.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $1,366.00 for Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department for
tires for engine #2. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Tommy Lawson, Commonwealth
Attorney, for his dues to be paid to the Commonwealth Attorney’s
Association.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay Mr. Lawson’s
dues to the Commonwealth Attorney’s Association from 1101-5504. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested funds for one person to attend a zoning
conference and workshop in March 1995.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve for one
person to attend the zoning conference and workshop in March and pay
expenses from 1101-5504. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that the Constitutional Officers have
requested that the Board contract with someone to shovel sidewalks
during snowy weather.
A lengthy discussion followed with the Board directing Mrs. Ferguson to
work with Mr. Abernathy about a solution to the problem.