526
On Monday, May 11, 2009 at 6:25 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
special called meeting in the Appomattox Community Center located on 220 Community Lane,
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad -- Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mr. William H. Craft -Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Mr. Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark - Planner
Chairman Conrad called the special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to
order at 6:25 p.m. and stated that the Board needed to approve a proclamation for the NAACP,
declaring Saturday, May 16" as our local “Celebrating a Century” day, which will be presented
at their annual meeting on Saturday, May 16, 2009.
Chairman Conrad called for comments, hearing none; Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the
proclamation as submitted. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
WHEREAS, since 1909 the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
(NAACP) has encouraged people of all races, nationalities, and faiths to accept and promote the
premise that all men and women are created equal; and
WHEREAS, since its inception, the NAACP has fought discrimination in the military, at the
voting polls, and in public accommodations; and
WHEREAS, today members of the Appomattox County NAACP are continuing the effort to
end discrimination and to ensure equal opportunity for all citizens of Appomattox County.
NOW, THEREFORE, in recognition of 100 years of service by the NAACP, the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors does hereby proclaim Saturday, May 16, 2009, as our local
“Celebrating a Century” day.
IN WITNESS WHEREOEF, I have hereunto set my hand and caused to be affixed the seal of the
County of Appomattox this 11" day of May, 2009.
Mr. Craft made a motion to close the special called meeting at 6:32 p.m. Mr. Moore seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The Special Called meeting adjourned at 6:32 p.m.