452
On Monday, March 9, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building,
located at 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad ~ Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. and delivered the invocation which was then
followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda, Mr. Earl Dickerson was added
under appearances and under Administrative Items #7A -#7D were added, under
Informational Items #20A was added to the agenda.
Hearing no public comment, Chairman Conrad called on Ms. Susan Estes with Draper
Aden to come forward and present the low bid for the closure of Cell I and also to answer
any questions that the Board may have.
Ms. Estes gave the board a copy of Draper Aden’s letter of recommendation, and also
stated that bids were opened on February 24, 2009, Ms. Estes explained that twelve bids
were received for this project and that Shearin Construction Inc. had submitted the low
bid of $556,395.13. Ms. Estes stated that Draper Aden had worked with Shearin
Construction Inc. on previous jobs and have been pleased with their performance.
Mr. Carter questioned what the time table would be on this project and Ms. Estes stated
that 90 days is the time allowed.
Mr. Conrad thanked Ms. Estes for her time and effort on this project.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board really needed to move forward as soon as possible to
meet the 90 day schedule by accepting Shearin Construction bid.
Mr. Carter made a motion to accept the bid of Shearin Construction Inc. in the amount of
$556,395.13 and to authorize the County Administrator to sign the contract for closure of
Cell I.