626
would be too close to the highway to comply with local zoning ordinances and that he
was requesting a variance due to this problem.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-369 of Wilsie Cobbs for a variance to paragraph
170-80A of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance pertaining to front yard setback.
Property is Tax Map No. 90(3) B and is located on Route 622 between Route 620 and
Route 633. Property is zoned R-2.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Ms. Cobbs came forward and gave her address as Route 1 Box 66EE, Pamplin, Virginia.
Ms. Cobbs explained that she owned the property but that her son was the one putting the
trailer there. Ms. Cobbs continued that there had been a misunderstanding concerning
front yard set back and that the mobile home had been set up with the wrong setbacks.
Ms. Cobbs explained that it would cost $5,000.00 to have the mobile home reset. She
asked that the Board grant her request.
Mr. Torrence asked if the set up was complete?
Ms. Cobbs answered that it was.
Mr. Carwile asked if the water and sewer had been connected.
Ms. Cobbs failed to answer the question.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-370 of Bobby E. Moore to rezone property from
A-1 to M-1 with Conditional Use Permit to allow contractor facilities and storage yard
(Truck and Trailer storage and some heavy equipment.) Property is Tax Map No. 72-A-
Railroad Right of Way located on Route 741 between Route 24 and dead end.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Robert Evans came forward and gave his address as 725 Church Street, Lynchburg,
Virginia. Mr. Evans continued that he was representing Mr. Moore. Mr. Evans
presented a plat of the property and explained the topography of the parcel. Mr. Evans
explained that this property is not what he envisions as agricultural property. He
continued that the property was barren. He stated that he felt the present use was
consistent with what has taken place on this property for 100 years. Mr. Evans continued