573
continued development of physical infrastructure, namely broadband. This component is the
key to a component technology-based economic development program.
Mr. David stated that there is a dilemma facing local governments—how to understand and
promote the fact that broadband is a transformational technology for a community along the lines
of telephone and electric service a century ago, but it is inherently a private sector venture. Mr.
David stated that what he was proposing to Appomattox County was a legal vehicle that would
allow the public sector to manage and guide broadband development into areas that are not
currently served without building, owning, or maintaining the infrastructure. Mr. David stated
there is nothing that mandates the board to create an authority, but he feels that what does
mandate the board to action would be hearing from citizens and businesses wanting broadband to
improve some facet of their daily lives.
Mr. David stated that there were three possible approaches the County could take to further
development broadband service: (1) status quo; (2) vertical integration, or the public utility
approach whereby the public body designs, builds, owns, and maintains the infrastructure; and
(3) the public private partnership, which Mr. David called the “overcoming barriers” approach.
Mr. David began to explain how to overcome barriers to serve areas not currently served by
broadband. He stated that the major barrier is capital equipment financing, and that the
recommended course of action would be to enter into a public private partnership with an
Internet Service Provider (ISP) or providers, the route being pursued in Bedford and Amherst
counties.
Mr. David next introduced Jeff Gore with Hefty and Wiley.
Mr. Gore started by explaining how a broadband authority would be formed and that it would be
a separate legal authority. It would have the right to own and operate a broadband system as
well as finance projects, including equipment and infrastructure. The Authority would also be
able to enter into contract with private contractors. Mr. Gore explained why it was preferable to
have the public sector involved in these activities, including the fact that localities typically have
vertical assets and other infrastructure which could be used to spread the deployment of
broadband. But without an Authority, the locality is ultimately limited on what it can do to
manage broadband deployment.
Mr. Gore called for questions from the Board.
Mr. David stated that if the Board wanted to start an authority they could apply for a grant
through the Tobacco Commission to help fund the technical and legal expertise to get an
authority established. The Region 2000 Local Government Council has already procured legal
and engineering services for this purpose.