174
school construction program will continue.
Mr. Carter also expressed appreciation to Ann Dixon and Lela Mann for their support in finding a
place to store the toys for tots.
Mr. Moore called for other concerns.
Mr. Moore next turned to the first Administrative Item which was the Bristol Passenger Rail
Study. Mr. Moore explained that the Greater Lynchburg Chamber of Commerce was requesting
the Board’s support in encouraging legislators to support expanding passenger rail service by
including funding in the 2000-2002 budget for this purpose.
Mr. Moore next presented a request from Nelson County Board of Supervisors for a resolution of
support that the historic Oak Ridge Estate Train Station be designated as one of the train stations
of the proposed passenger rail project.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had great concerns with the Nelson County resolution. Mr. Carwile
continued by saying the way he understood it the train would come into Lynchburg and at
Lynchburg the route would be to Nelson or Farmville. Mr. Carwile cautioned the Board to be
careful about supporting this resolution.
Mr. Carroll stated that his understanding of this project was that from Lynchburg you could either
travel to Nelson, Charlottesville and Washington or to Appomattox, Farmville and Richmond.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to obtain further
information and report to the Board at the next meeting.
Mr. Moore then asked the members of the School Board to appear before the Board.
Mr. Selz began that there were three issues that needed to be discussed with the members of the
Board of Supervisors. Mr. Selz continued that the first issue was the status of the land purchase.
Mr. Selz stated that they could work off of a memorandum of understanding with the architect
until the land had been purchased in order that the project could proceed. Mr. Selz stated that the
next issue was the appropriation and disbursement of the funds for the architects fees. Mr. Selz
continued that the estimate of these fees is $440,000.00 and that the School Board did not have
these funds to pay to the architect. Mr. Selz stated that this amount would need to be paid prior
to June 30, 2000. Mr. Selz stated that the third issue was the source of funding for the project
such as literary loan and Virginia Public School Authority.
Dr. Krug stated that the interest rate for the Literary Loan would increase from 2% to 3% July 1,
2000 due to our composite index rising. Dr. Krug stated that he was not sure that this deadline
could be met but they were making every effort to meet this deadline in order to receive the 2%
financing from the literary loan.
A general discussion followed.