666
Calvin Tanner
Steve Conner
Al Sears
Susan Hudson
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)
Barry Morris
Shannon Dews
Bryan Baines
Marvin Mitchell
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Attorney
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the public hearing and stated the purpose of the
meeting was to discuss the Appomattox County Route 460 Corridor Management Study
developed by the URS Corporation for the Region 2000 Local Government Council,
Lynchburg, Va. in cooperation with Appomattox County, the Virginia Department of
Transportation and the Federal Highway Administration.
The purpose of this study is to identify and define existing and forecasted deficiencies
and to develop recommendations both for roadway improvements and for managing
land use development activities along Route 460 West from the Town of Appomattox to
the Campbell County line, an area of approximately 7.5 miles.
Mr. Bill Cashman gave a brief overview of the Corridor Management Study and what
needs to be done to insure that the services provided fit. In examining and analyzing
the corridor, we have concluded that currently this is adequate as far as capacity and
while there are accidents, they are not accidents which indicate that there is a safety
problem. There will be continued growth in the county and the question is what we do
to insure that the roadway continues to serve as adequately as it does now. They make
recommendations as to turning lanes, but basically the forecast of traffic the service
should be adequate into the future until 2030. They are recommending an overlay
district along the corridor from the western limits of the Town of Appomattox to the
Campbell County Line. The focus of industrial development should be at major
intersections.
After a brief question and answer period between Mr. Cashman and the Board of
Supervisors, Mr. Carter called for comments from the citizens.
Hearing none, the public hearing was closed at 6:10 p.m.
Baud é. Cocks
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman