654
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick stated the first thing on the agenda would be the VDOT Six Year Plan public hearing
followed by the public hearings on the Proposed Modification to Zoning Ordinance and the Proposed
Planning Commission Changes. The Board then recessed its regular meeting in order to conduct the
public hearings.
At 6:23 p.m. Mr. Kendrick reopened the Board of Supervisor’s meeting and asked Mr. Paul Lee of
Robinson, Farmer, Cox to discuss the FY2001 audit report prepared by his firm.
Mr. Lee stated the County finished the FY2001 in good financial shape.
The General Fund balance was approximately $2.77 million and the Capital Improvement Projects
balance was approximately $2.3 million. The General Fund was about 11% of your budget. They
recommend having a 15% to 20% range but if necessary you could draw down on the Capital
Projects. The General Fund did increase by $600,000.
The tax collections are still relatively high with about 97.9% of assessed taxes being collected.
This is a very good rate and would have to drop by some 2%-4% before impacting the budget
significantly.
Mr. Lee discussed the budget comparisons and capitol projects such as the school. No departments
had over spent. Overall he found no problems with the audit for FY 2001.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Lee about the collection of taxes and the present budget as compared to other
localities.
Mr. Carwile also asked if there was a deficit this year or in the last three years?
Mr. Lee stated no and there had not been any. Mr. Lee went into a lengthy explanation of the
Combined Statement of Revenues, Expenditures and Changes in Fund Balances as detailed in the
audit report.
Mr Kendrick stated that an operating deficit is different from a real deficit, and addressed the issue of
the tax increase.
Mr. Lee concluded by stating that when you get below 10% reserves you start struggling to match
revenues and expenditures between tax periods. He also stated he had no concerns regarding the
County’s financial status.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Lee.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisor’s Concerns: