449
és
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Wednesday, July 5, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Public Hearing on the Proposed County Vehicle Ordinance at the Appomattox
County Community Center, located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John O. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the public hearing on the Proposed County Vehicle
Ordinance. Mr. Carter asked Mr. Overstreet to give a brief overview of the proposed
ordinance.
Mr. Overstreet began by stating that this proposed ordinance would repeal the existing
County License Tax on Motor Vehicle Section of our code and amend it to put in new
provisions. One purpose in this is to eliminate the County Decal at some saving to the
County. In order to accomplish this, the preferred method is to put our license tax
collection date as the same date as we collect personal property taxes. If a person has
not paid their personal property, or has not paid the license fee for a motor vehicle that
is in Appomattox County, it would be reported to DMV and that person would not be
able to obtain a State License. It is a great incentive for our citizens to be paying the
personal property taxes as well as the license fee on vehicles.
The County Fiscal year is from July 1 to June 30, the calendar year on which we collect
our taxes goes from January to December and we have a third year that goes from April
1 to March 31 which is our decal license year, this is quite confusing. This change will
put the collection back on December 5th. In doing this, we will have our license fee
paid for a calendar year and there will be no longer March 31 to April 1.
In order to put this into effect, for the first year, we will only be collecting three-fourths
of the license fee, that is because citizens who pay their license fee on March 31 of this
year are now paid through March 31, 2007. When we put this into effect and begin
collection on December 5, 2006, if we collected for a whole year, we would be double
taxing for those who have paid the license fee for those three (3) months. What we will
be doing is reducing the fee for 2007, by that three (3) months. ($18 for motor vehicles
and $17 for motorcycles). Thereafter, when one pays on December 5, 2007, you will
pay the full fee and pay your license the year 2008. Another twist to this is, and this is