217
Ms. Ferguson next explained the General Properties budget and stated that she had
figured a two percent increase instead of the four percent as previously figured.
Mr. Tanner questioned who cleaned the Courthouse. Ms. Ferguson stated that TCM out
of Lynchburg is who has the contract and it is now time to put this contract out for bid
again.
Ms. Ferguson stated that CVAAA and Central Virginia Community Services both asked
for an increase which she put in the budget.
Ms. Ferguson next presented the Comprehensive Services budget. Ms. Ferguson stated
that the County gets back all but 30 percent of the professional services expenditures.
The County does not get any reimbursement for administration expenditures. Ms.
Ferguson stated that she has refigured the salary and benefits at the two percent increase
instead of the previous projected four percent. Ms. Ferguson also explained that she feels
that the County is going to have to consider hiring a part-time person or either some
contractual services. Ms. Ferguson stated that the CSA Coordinator cannot continue
what she is doing. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has added $20,800 for a part-time
position. She explained that if the County could find a retired social worker for this
position it would be great, but she is not sure if we can find someone to work in this
capacity for that amount of salary.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board wanted to cut the funds in the CSA budget they can,
but it is very likely that it will have to go back in the budget before the end of the fiscal
year,
Ms. Ferguson explained that the $100,000 that is in the Sports Complex Fund is totally
donated money.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to see the Board consider a donation to the youth.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would not like to see the Board give anything to the Youth
Sports, but to give it to the Sport Complex Fund.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board should consider donating $50,000 to the Community
Park. Mr. Carter stated that it could be a win, win situation for the County and the Youth
once the park is established. There could be a large amount of money made here once the
park is up and running. Mr. Carter stated that this park could also be a boost for tourism.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would love to see the water and sewer installed at the park
and let that be the contribution from the County since the water and sewer will be coming
from the Industrial Park pump station. Let them use the donated well from Fred Jones for
irrigation purposes and let the County put them on town water and sewer.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she is in the process of getting some prices for the water and
sewer for the park.