129
At 7:02 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter and legal issue. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile at 7:35 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was action necessary from the Board?
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Board increase the annual
salary of Alice Rockefeller to $15,000, for Roger Womack to $13,000, and for the
currently vacate position to $14,000. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then invited Mr. Hal Craddock to give his presentation to the Board
regarding the expansion at the Sheriff's Office. Mr. Craddock thanked the Board for its
time and gave a presentation to the Board using several displays. After the presentation
the Board and Mr. Craddock discussed the plans and if the plans would meet the needs of
the Sheriff. After this discussion, Mr. Bosiger thanked and dismissed Mr. Craddock.
At 7:55 P.M., Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn until 6:00
P.M. on November 15, 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
CHAIRMAN, GARET K. BOSIGER