261
Ms. Ferguson stated that the salary is extremely low and now would be the time if the
Board would like to change this to do so.
Mr. Carter agreed with changing the minimum salary of this position.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would review this salary range with other localities and see
what they pay the same or similar position.
Chairman Craft explained that the Board could go ahead and approve this job description
and allow Ms. Ferguson to review the weight capacity and minimum salary range with
neighboring localities and make amendments.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the job description with the noted additions. Mr.
Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #6- James River State Park Open House.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she planned on attending this event and if any member of the
Board would like to attend, the office would RSVP for them. Ms. Ferguson stated that
the office would need to RSVP by May 12, 2008.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda as submitted; Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented the Information Items.
Mr. Conrad stated that Ms. Scott does an excellent job with her CSA reports and would
like to commend her for this.
Chairman Craft next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to comment on the departmental reports. He would
like to ask that they spell out and not use acronyms.
Mr. Conrad stated that after speaking with Ms. Ferguson about the unfunded mandates,
that he would like to suggest contacting the surrounding Counties and have a letter sent to
our delegate and senator indicating how the Counties are trying to keep taxes down and
then the States mandates all these programs while dropping funds and then the County is
held responsible with funding these programs.
Mr. Craft stated that he took Mr. Moore’s place on the Community Services Board and
they are $881,000 in the red this year. They will be cutting the ARISE program because