617
locality served by Piedmont Court Services - Farmville, hereinafter
referred to as Program. Program is established for the purpose of
providing as ordered by the Courts, intensive supervision, community
service, public education, fire option, restitution collection,
prevention, education, rehabilitative services, electronic monitoring,
home incarceration, pretrial services, and public inebriate services.
Now therefore to this end, this Board of Supervisors designated that
Piedmont Court Services - Farmville be the service provider of
community corrections court services for local-responsible offenders
for this jurisdiction, and that they apply for interim funding for July
1, 1995 through September 30, 1995, so as to avoid any disruption of
the aforesaid services.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 7:45 P.M. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 7:55 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to adjourn until after the public hearing on May 15, 1995.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman