305
On Monday, July 7, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building, located
at 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft- Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad ~ Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (Arrived at 6:40 p.m.)
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T, Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet - County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and called on Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Craft welcomed everyone to the meeting and called for the setting of the Agenda. Mr.
Overstreet added an iter to the agenda under the Closed Session referring to Section 2.2-
3711(A)7 of the Code of Virginia -litigation regarding reassessment.
Chairman Craft next called for citizen public comments. Hearing no public comments Chairman
Craft presented Administrative Item #2- Public Hearing for Proposed Amendments to the County
Code and called for discussion.
Mr. Roark stated that he would answer questions that the Board may have at this time on the
information that was previously provided concerning the proposed changes.
Chairman Craft asked Mr. Roark if any research was done on Erosion and Sediment proposed
fees.
Mr. Roark stated that the proposed fees for an Agreement in Lieu of an Erosion and Sediment
Control Plan is $75.00 and ten dollars per acre, so if you are building a house on one acre of land
the fee would be $85.00. Mr. Roark stated if you are doing anything other than building a single
family dwelling the fee would be $300.00 plus $25.00 per acre.
Mr. Roark stated that in FY07 the total amount of revenue received for Erosion and Sediment
Control Applications was $3,950.00 with our current fee structure. Mr. Roark stated if you take
the same permits with the new fee structure the revenue received would jump to $10,875.00, then
if you couple that with the other E&S amendments to lower the threshold from10,000 square feet
to 5,000 square feet you would increase the revenue to $12,915.00. Mr. Roark also explained
that the County is spending $30,000 to have an E&S Specialist, which the State is requiring us to
have and the State allows you in the Code to recoup the cost of this specialist. Mr. Roark stated
that he had called around to neighboring counties and in talking with Bryan Stokes in Campbell