057
The meeting was reconvened and called to order in the
Courthouse by Mr. Jamerson at 7:19 P.M.
Mr. Jamerson called Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms. Lindsey reported
Mr. W. T. Ramey, acting Lynchburg District Engineer, had
written the State Traffic Engineer asking for a variance to
regulations to allow a directional sign to be installed on
the highway right-of-way at the Community Center’s entrance
on Route 460 east of the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were questions or comments from
Board members regarding highway matters. Mr. Carwile thanked
Ms. Lindsey for her replies and response to concerns
expressed at the September 14, 1992 meeting . Mr. Carwile
also mentioned he had recently had yet another flat tire
caused by the sharp gravel being used by VDOT and asked if
anything had been resolved since the last meeting. Ms.
Lindsey reported the VDOT materials engineers had determined
the gravel being used conforms to the specifications, but
because of its nature, was fracturing into sharp elongated
shapes. To remedy this, Ms. Lindsey said the quarry was
speeding up their crusher trying to get a squarer gravel and
VDOT had just received the first of the newer gravel for
trial. Ms. Lindsey continued by advising anyone who had
received flat tires to call the area superintendent, Donald
Pulliam, at the Appomattox Headquarters and report the
specific location where the flat had occurred. Ms. Lindsey
Said the quarry had paid to have some tires fixed and that
she had reported some of the more obvious cases to Richmond
asking for reparation.
Mr. Carwile next pointed out the new Right-of-Way fence at
Route 460 next to Pam Mays’ home appears to terminate just
east of her property. Mr. Carwile wondered if the fence was
to continue in front of Mrs. Mays’ house to protected the
steep cut slope in front of the house similar to that being
done on Route 26. Ms. Lindsey replied the fence was being
erected on those portions of roadway where access was being
restricted and that she would check the plans to determine
the extent of fencing at the Mays’.
Mr. Torrence asked Ms. Lindsey if the required Right-of-Way
for the proposed Route 678 improvement in Pamplin had been
staked. Ms. Lindsey replied she understood it had been
staked. Also, Ms. Lindsey informed Mr. Torrence he should
contact Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer, to make
arrangements for a meeting with the property owners involved.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any further questions.
Hearing none, he thanked and excused Mrs. Lindsey.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, the Landfill
Supervisor. Mr. Peterson reported he had two (2) matters to
discuss with the Board regarding equipment - buying a wood
chipper in partnership with the Town of Appomattox and
repairs to the model 963 endloader. Mr. Peterson asked these
matters be deferred to another meeting considering the