580
Mr. Roark explained Article 7- Wireless Communication Facilities and stated this district will
utilize existing sections of zoning ordinance and add some small changes made to account for
engineering technology advancements.
Mr. Roark concluded his power point presentation with a summary stating that the document and
maps as drafted are not perfect; fees do not change, the primary goal is to implement the
Comprehensive Plan adopted in 2003, economics and market forces will drive growth, both in
direction and in pace-the zoning ordinance can help direct the growth and impact what it looks
hike. The Board will decide when or if to adopt a revised zoning ordinance.
Mr. Roark called for questions from the Board.
Chairman Conrad questioned what affect this plan will have on the bypass?
Mr. Roark stated that this plan is not progressing to where the bypass would be affected; since
that area is in Town and is greatly impacted by the Town’s zoning ordinance, however, Mr.
Roark stated that the Planning Commission says it wants growth on Route 460 and used the
Powhatan community as an example.
Mr. Tanner questioned with the Corridor Overlay being more stringent would the old parcels be
grandfathered into this ordinance? Mr. Roark stated that until the use changes, they will remain
the same. This will affect new development or changes in use.
Mr. Craft stated it is clear that the Planning Commission has done a lot of work on this
ordinance.
Mr. Roark stated that over the next few meetings and months we will be discussing this and see
what if any changes the Board would like to see changed and what the Board wishes to do with
the new ordinance.
Mr. Overstreet asked if there was any information on what the Board can do or not do with
special exceptions. Mr. Overstreet stated that he wanted this Board to know that the Board of
Zoning Appeals can make decisions on these if the Board would like them to do so.
Mr. Roark stated that there are two vacancies on the BZA at this time one from the Town of
Pamplin and the other from the Town of Appomattox.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Roark for his presentation and stated that he had done an
excellent job on this and he commended him for his hard work.
Chairman Conrad adjourned the special called meeting at 6:25p.m.