300
Mr. Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Mr. Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Moore called the hearing to order and stated the purpose of the meeting was to hear
comments from concerned citizens regarding the proposed Real Property Tax Increase as advertised:
The County of Appomattox proposes to increase property tax levies.
Effective Rate Increase: The County of Appomattox Proposes to adopt
a tax rate of $.80 per $100 assessed value. The difference between the
current rate and the proposed rate would be $.25 per $100, or 45 percent.
This difference will be known as the “effective tax rate increase”.
Mr. Moore stated there were two (2) people signed up to address the Board. Anyone wishing to
address the Board should come to the microphone so they could be hear by everyone.
Mr. Moore then called Mr. Lannis Selz to come forward.
Mr. Selz came forward and gave his address as Route 1, Spout Spring, VA - Mr. Selz is fully
appreciative of the job the Board has to do tonight. There is no simple solution to this issue. He has
four things he can see that could happen : 1) Tax rate needs to provide funds for the things that have
to be done, such as the services mandated by the Government, Would like to see an estimated budget
and proposed revenue based on something other than totally real estate taxes; 2) a simple increase
of $.25 cents on real estate; 3) County could default on it’s obligations and lose everything; 4) worst
thing would be for a majority of the Board to vote for what they believe to be the right tax increase,
and the others to vote No with no solution as to how the problem could be solved. He does not know
what the solution is but if not raising the taxes. Board has his sympathy and prayers.
Mr. Moore next called Mr. Jesse Rosser.
Mr. Rosser came forward and gave his address as Appomattox, VA. Mr. Rosser read a prepared
statement in which he stated he was opposed to the $.80 cents rate. New people would avoid
Appomattox like the plague and present citizens could face the possibility of losing their property
and homes, especially those on fixed incomes. Pensions do not increase, CD rates are beginning to
climb but have been in depression since the Jimmy Carter years. The County has paid an outside
firm to do a financial statement, which led us to believe we had a operating surplus, which turned
out not to be true. He talked about the County hiring a financial manager at a salary rate of $90,000,
which was in essence closer to $35,000. We are in serious trouble, like the little boy who said “Hey,
we’re in deep yogurt”, and there are more things hanging out there, the new school, the Courthouse,
the Landfill cell, the Industrial Park, etc. The lesson we must learn here and now is, we cannot have
everything we want right now, bite the bullet, face up to the reality that some things must be delayed.
We must plan for the future. We need to put a freeze on hiring, salaries at their current rate, and the
use of County owned vehicles with the exception of the Sheriff's Office. Students who drive to
school could be charged for a parking decal. Let this Board make the decisions that are in the best