137
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any corrections, comments, or
questions regarding any of the minutes. Messrs. Jamerson, Carwile, and
Torrence recalled the motion to forgo competitive sealed bidding or
negotiation is to be optional for contracts and services under
$15,000.00. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
approve the minutes with the correction as noted. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Torrence asked the Chairman if he would add Mrs. Eleanor Leonard of
the Arts Council to the agenda. Mrs. Leonard asks to appear to discuss
a possible grant application on behalf of the Council. Mr. Jamerson
agreed to hear Mrs. Leonard after Mrs. Nix’s appearance.
Mr. Jamerson then called Ms. Sandra Lindsiey, Resident Engineer of the
Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms. Lindsey spoke reminding the
Board of the Secondary Road Hearing schecluled for April 12, 1992 at
6:00 P.M. and that the hearing needs to be duly posted and published.
Ms. Lindsey also reported JR188 concerning secondary roads funding had
been sent back to committee for further study with no action taken by
this year’s state legislature. After some discussion, Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Messrs. V. O. Mims,
John Ranson, Jr., and C. A. Moore as roacl viewers for 1993. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Landfill Supervisor.
Mr. Peterson reported 43.2 tons of solid waste was received in
February. Mr. Jamerson noted an executive session would be required to
discuss possible sites for a transfer station to replace the one at the
intersection of Route 604 and Route 727. Mr. Jamerson also noted there
were several items to be discussed regarcling the proposed new
construction at the landfill and suggested they too be delayed until
after those wishing to address the Board had been heard. Mr. Jamerson
then asked if any Board members had questions for Mr. Peterson on other
matters. Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Petersori and Mr. Moore if the transfer
site at Oakville had been repaired to everyone’s satisfaction. Messrs.
Peterson and Moore replied it had. Mr. Jamerson then excused Mr.
Peterson and asked he wait a few minutes before the executive session
is called.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mrs. Janet Belter, Treasurer. Mrs. Belter
presented financial reports for January and February and requested
approval of payment of $78.91 for a bill from the Law Library. A
discussion of the County’s financial situation followed. Mrs. Belter
noted the County’s General Revenue fund was slightly ahead of last
year’s and attributed the improvement to reduced spending.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs. Beiter and called on Dr. Thomas,
Superintendent of Schools. Dr. Thomas asked for an appropriation of
$691,000.00 for April’s school expenses. Dr. Thomas also reported one
(1) student had been added since February and student population now
stood at 2269. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
appropriate $691,000.00 to cover the Schools’ operational expenses for