411
bottled water or bring in drinking water for people, not water for washing clothes and
doing other things with. This is quite an undertaking.
Mr. Conner: He is in the same camp as Mr. Spiggle. When he was on the job at BWXT
they had a lot of wells and they had 535 acres on the site. They had to anticipate the
unknown to figure out if they were ever going to need water and it was a good thing
that Mr. Nash and others, decided to put water in from Lynchburg. That industry would
shut down without water. It takes a lot of water and all you have to do is lose one or
two of your wells, just like the town lost near Lewis McDearmon’s and you will be in
serious trouble.
Mr. Slagle: From the technical side he just hit the high spots and we probably had
heard all of this before but he hopes it helps.
Mr. Spiggle: On the technical side, Mr. Slagle, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Hancock, all being
engineers know that you can get geologists to come in but they cannot tell you where
an underground aquifer is. There are no aquifers around here.
Mr. Hancock: The only place in Virginia that has underground aquifers is the Tidewater
area.
Mr. Spiggle: They may find you some water, but the problem is, like Mr. Slagle told you,
when you start trying to get the Health Department to approve a well, the water is at
the lower spot and they want the well to be higher up, where there is no water. They
do not want something that has the exposure to surface water.
Mr. Hancock: If you do not hit the fracture zone that travels for miles and miles you will
hardly get any water. This is because of the type of rock we are in is not conducive to
the water bearing type of rock. Mr. Spiggle said that because of this, we have a lot of
iron, manganese and other minerals in our water. We can get wells but sometimes the
quality of the water is such, we cannot use it.
Mr. Slagle: Moving from the technical side to the economic development and how this
will affect our future, not only for residential use but for economic development, he has
asked Mr. Lewis to lead this portion of the discussion.
Mr. Lewis began by stating that in the industrial park they certainly, with the current
situation, have enough storage to supply moderate users of water — light industry and
a few people that use a lot of machinery or something like that. But outside of the
industrial park, in any of the other development areas in the county, starting with the
town limits, water is not available. No one is going to come in and invest two million to
one hundred million dollars and have to depend on well water in this locality. There
may be places down near Tidewater where they might be willing to do that because the
water is certainly there. Without a good clean supply of reliable water we are not going
to get industry in here anywhere. We need that industry because we cannot afford for
residential tax rates to support the growth in the county. All of you know already that
taxes on residents does not even pay for school children. That is why they need to get
so much from the State, and they limit what they are going to give you. As the student