562
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6 — Changes to the Personnel Policy and
explained that with the new positions and hours that have been established for the convenience
site attendants there has arisen a need to make a change in the personnel policy for purposes of
clarifying holiday time. Chairman Conrad explained that staff is recommending approving the
proposed changes to the personnel policy effective immediately. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we will be having some twelve hour positions beginning with the
opening of the first convenience site, so a day would not be the same as it would be for office
personnel. It has been determined that we need to break down our policy into hours instead of
days. Ms. Ferguson stated that she wanted the board aware that record keeping of the time
would change from days to hours. Ms. Ferguson stated that nothing else would change only the
way we keep track of each person’s time.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the proposed change to the personnel policy for the purpose
of clarifying holiday time. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called
for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7- Fencing Ordinance and stated that Ms.
Marion Stahling has requested that the County enact a fencing ordinance to help keep her
neighbors animals from coming into her yard and damaging her property. Chairman Conrad
explained that Ms. Stabling is an elderly lady and unable to remove the animals on her own.
Chairman Conrad stated that Ms. Ferguson has included a copy of the Code Section that would
allow for this type of ordinance. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad stated that he interpreted this almost as you would interpret a lease law.
Mr. Overstreet stated that there are two schemes in the code section one for the county to get
involved and that would require an ordinance to do this. The second scheme is that the County is
not involved.
Chairman Conrad stated that without the ordinance you still have a way of relief for this type of
problem through a civil suit.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action on this item.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #8 — Region 2000 Economic Development
Partnership Board and explained that Supervisor Craft has been attempting to fill the vacancy
created in January when Buddy Conner’s term expired on the Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership Board. Chairman Conrad explained that this is a three year term
beginning January 1, 2009 and ending December 31, 2012. Chairman Conrad stated that Mr.
Andy Carroll had agreed to serve in this capacity as the business representative for Appomattox
County, Chairman Conrad stated that staff recommends appointing Mr. Andy Carroll for a three
year term beginning January 1, 2009. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.