378
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to hold a public hearing on June 19,
2006 at 6:00 p.m. to receive comments on the proposed changes to the fee schedule
and to various County Ordinances. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Recycling Program for the Landfill: Ms. Rockefeller will meet with you to
explain a new type of recycling that she feels will help the County get rid of
unwanted clothing.
Mrs. Rockefeller gave a report on recycling. She stated that after striving for six (6)
years, the landfill has met the State mandated 25% recycle rate. The General Assembly
also passed legislation effective July 1, 2006, that we will qualify if we meet a 15%
recycle rate because of our rural area. However, we will strive to reach a higher rate.
The newest thing is Textile Recycling. She has been in touch with Green Earth
Recycling of Virginia, LLC for the recycling of clothing. This company provides you with
the necessary containers. The number one (1) thing is that there is no cost to the
County whatsoever. They provide the containers, the dumping of the containers and if
the containers become contaminated, they handle all of this and they place the
containers wherever we wish them to be placed. She has done some research on this
program before presenting this to the Board, but would like to if everyone feels the
same way she does before spending any more time on this program. Bedford County
uses this program. It is not aimed at taking away from the thrift stores in the area. It is
primarily aimed for those unusable clothing that would be placed in the dumpsters. Ms.
Rockefeller is suggesting that we take this program on a trial basis by placing containers
at two or three dumpster sites.
There were some questions regarding some of the recycling that is done at the landfill
for cans, etc.
The Board by consensus approved for Ms. Rockefeller to proceed with participate in this
program on a trail basis.
3. Application for Fireworks Permit: The Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival
is requesting a fireworks permit for October 14, 2006 to hold their annual
fireworks display at the Appomattox County Industrial Park.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Fireworks Permit for
the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival to hold their annual fireworks display on
October 14, 2006 at the Appomattox Industrial Park. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter called for a short recess prior to conducting the Public Hearing at 7:00 p.m.
At 7:12 p.m. Mr. Carter re-convened the regular Board meeting.
4. Memorandum of Understanding with Amherst County: Memorandum of
Understanding between the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and