230
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3 -Bid for Grass Maintenance
Services. Chairman Craft ask Ms. Ferguson to explain the contract.
Mr. Ferguson explained that this individual is on call and we will call him when we want
the grass cut. The price given is for each location each time he mows. Ms. Ferguson also
stated that the bid was calculated this way so when we have an inmate to mow the
Courthouse area we will have them mow instead of paying someone.
Mr. Conrad stated that there was a big difference in the mulching price that he has
proposed compared to the other bids received.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she and Mr. Spencer had talked about the difference in mulching
also and feel that it may be an error, however they did not feel it was appropriate to call
the individual and ask. Ms. Ferguson explained that what staff will do is once approved
by the Board call him and let him know he received the bid and then ask him if the figure
given for mulching is correct since it is such a difference compared to all other bids
received.
Mr. Kenner would then have the option to withdraw his bid but he would not be able to
add an additional fee to the bid.
Mr. Overstreet stated that this was the problem with the last time we put grass cutting out
for bid. He stated that the bid was accepted by the Board and then an error was found
and that is when we had to go through a procedure.
Mr. Overstreet stated that maybe Mr. Kenner should be asked about the bid price before
actually giving him the bid.
Chairman Craft stated that the Board would table this decision until a clarification is
received on the price of the mulching.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board can accept his bid and make sure he is okay with the
price or if he wants to withdraw he can, but he will not be able to alter his bid.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to accept the bid from the lowest bidder which is Special K
Landscaping, Mr. Fred Kenner at the price of $1950.00 for one cutting at each location
unless the owner would like to withdraw his bid due to a possible error in the mulching
bid. Mr. Carter seconded this motion. Chairman Craft called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4- Application for Entertainment Festival
for Stonewall Antique Power Show to hold their annual Antique Power Show. Chairman
Craft stated that the Sheriffs department had been contacted and they have not had any
problems with this event in the past. The organization has asked the Board to also
consider waiving the bond fee.