614
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox wants to do
everything possible to protect the health, safety and welfare of its citizens and to protect water
quality, but is limited, due to a Virginia Supreme Court decision that a locality cannot ban the
spreading of biosolids; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox has heard conflicting
reports from its citizens, the Virginia Department of Health and the Environmental Protection
Agency regarding the long-term health and environmental effects of the land-application of
biosolids; and
WHEREAS, questions and challenges have been raised regarding the authority of local
governments to regulate the land application of biosolids, placing local governments in a difficult
and potentially expensive position of facing repeated litigation over ordinances they may have
passed in an effort to protect their citizens;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox does hereby request the Virginia General Assembly to fully investigate the existing
state program governing the land-application of biosolids to insure that proper regulatory and
environmental oversights and controls are in place to fully protect the citizens of the
Commonwealth of Virginia; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox does hereby request the Virginia General Assembly to provide local governments the
opportunity to participate fully in the propagation of regulations governing the land-application of
biosolids; and
BE IF FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the
Honorable Frank M. Ruff, the Honorable Watkins M. Abbitt, Jr., the Honorable Clarke N. Hogan,
the Honorable Thomas C. Wright Jr., the Virginia Association of Counties and the Virginia
Department of Health for their consideration.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
4. Lease and Resolution of old Elementary School: The School Board has approved
the lease and resolution for the use of the old AES. They are in the process of getting
the necessary signatures and hope to have the original document to the Board prior to
tonight's meeting. The Board will need to formally accept the old elementary school
from the School Board and have the certification recorded with the deed.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the School Board is conveying the Appomattox Elementary School
property back to the Board of Supervisors and we are leasing back to them several building on
the property; the maintenance shop, the home economics cottage and three (3) storage
buildings. This is a Lease Agreement, whereby, once we receive the property and the deed, we
will be leasing back these building to the School Board. In return they will do maintenance, and
continue to mow the entire school property. There was a change on the lease agreement as
shown. In the paragraph, FIRST: which reads “The term of this lease shall be from the date of
this agreement until December 31, 2007”. The School Board has asked that we put in a
provision for automatic renewals. The lease now has successive four (4) year renewals with
termination by either party with a 30 day notice before the end of the term.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the first action would be for the Board to accept the property, then
approve Lease agreement and pass the resolution (non-binding) stating that replacement space
be paid for through capital expenditure, not operating funds.