126
Presently, projects can be included based on the probability of
receiving donated rights-of-way.
Mr. Jamerson reminded the Board that Road Viewers (one from each
Magisterial District) must be soon. appointed and asked for
suggestions. Mr. Moore stated the Viewers used last year did a good
job and suggested they be asked to serve again. The Board by consensus
agreed and Mr. Moore is to ask Mr. C. A. Moore, Mr. Torrence to ask Mr.
John Ranson, and Mr. Jamerson to ask Mr. V. O. Mims regarding their
willingness to serve as Road Viewers again this year. Each is to
report their findings at the March Board meeting.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Ms. Lindsey to remain and hear the concerns of
Mr. Wesley Ferguson, President of the Country Haven Estates Homeowners
Association. Mr. Ferguson asked permission to give the County
approximately $25,000.00 toward the Association’s total share of
$54,024.00 for planned improvements to a_= section of roadway
constructed within the subdivision. Mr. Ferguson explained it would be)
better for the Association to give the partial payment to the County
for safe keeping because there were continual demands on_ the
Association to spend the money for projects other than that for which
it was intended. Ms. Lindsey explained and Mr. Ferguson acknowledged,
that construction could and would not begin until the entire $54,024.00
““pe
was in hand. A lengthy discussion followed. Mr. Lawson, County
Attorney, advised an agreement to accept this money would not be
illegal. Mr. Jamerson pointed out a resolution by the Homeowner’
Association would be necessary before the County could accept th
partial payment. After further discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motio
seconded by Mr. Moore that the County accept the partial payment
hold the money for the Country Haven Estates Homeowners Associatio
until the Association raised the remaining portion pending execution o
an agreement drafted and approved by the County Attorney. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey and Mr. Ferguson. Mr
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Count
Administrator write letters to Appomattox County’s State legislator
expressing the Board’s concerns regardi ng Senate Joint Resolution 18
and the study conducted by Virginia Department of Transportation a
presented to the Joint Legislative and Audit Review Commission. Vote
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mrs. Joyce Jamerson, Assistant Superintenden
for Appomattox County Public Schools. Mrs. Jamerson expressed th
regrets of Dr. Thomas that he was unable to attend because of a recen
death in his family. Mrs. Jamerson presented a request for
appropriation of $708,938.00 for operational expenses of the Boar
anticipated for March of 1993. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to appropriate $708,938.00 to the School Board for operational
expenses. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.