Of2
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:02 P.M. the meeting was recessed until after the Planning Commission Public Hearing.
Following the Public Hearing the Board of Supervisor’s meeting was reconvened at 7:06 P.M. by
Mr. Kendrick.
Mr. Kendrick called Mr. Carl Weast to appear before the Board.
Mr. Weast has requested to meet with the Board regarding in the E911 road name selected for Route
616 and he wishes to request the Board to reconsider the name given to Route 616.
Mr. Weast thanked the Board of allowing him to speak on behalf of the residents on Route 616 on
a matter of great concern. He has heard from citizens in every district of the County regarding this
issue. He could have filled the Courtroom with people tonight but he chose not too. Mr. Weast’s
main concern is a petition from residents on Route 616 regarding the naming of this road. This
petition was drawn up to oppose the original proposed name. The residents of Route 616 feel their
petition was not given proper consideration, this could be expected in Washington or Richmond but
not from their local representatives.
Mr. Weast is asking the Board to reconsider this petition and rescind their motion and vote of July
16, 2001 and change the name of Route 616.
Mr. Kendrick addressed Mr. Weast’s concerns, stating the procedures and guidelines used in
assembling the names of the county roads for the E911 system.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Weast.
Mr. Kendrick explained to the Board that in order to change this road name they would have to
rescind the vote in which the primary road name was accepted on July 16, 2001. Before doing this
he would like to poll the Board to determine if there is enough support to consider this action.
Mr. Carter - No
Mr. Moore - No
Mr. Carwile - No
Mr. Hancock - No