333
Also, please appropriate by consent and supplement $8,775.00 to the CVCC
Project line in the budget to pay for field work that has been done on the CVCC
project.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
12. Managing Growth in Virginia: As you will remember, Mr. Spencer attended
the Cattleman’s Association Dinner on February 21%. Their program for the
evening was Managing Growth in Virginia. A copy of the program and other
information that was presented at the meeting is enclosed.
13. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Board of
Directors Meeting held on January 26, 2006.
14. Letters supporting the School Board’s proposed budget: E-mails received
requesting that you support the School Board budget as presented in March
2006.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Conrad received a letter from the Elementary School a few weeks ago. They have a
program on Fridays from 10:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. dealing with students that are under
developed and how they are integrating other students in helping these kids to better
understand projects, etc. They have asked if anyone else on the Board would like to
come over to observe, they would be more than happy to have you come.
Mr. Armburst commented that Ms. Reagan who spoke earlier in the evening had called
him along with a few others from that area and he feels the Board needs to revisit the
issue of the Rescue Squad.
Mr. Carter stated the need to enter into a Closed Session as per §2.2-3711-A-7 of the
Code of Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel.
At 7:19 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to enter into a closed
session as per §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of legal
consultation. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 7:34 p.m on a motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Craft, the Board returned to
regular session and Mr. Carter read the following Certification Statement:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711 A.7 — of the Code
of Virginia, for the purpose of legal consultation.