336
Dr. Krug stated that under the Code of Virginia, the Superintendent is required to
present to the School Board a budget that is deemed to be what is needed during the
next fiscal year for the operation of the schools. Needed can be interpreted a lot of
ways. What is a school need? We have program needs — we would like to maintain our
accreditation with the State and our AYP (No Child Left Behind). We would like to
expand what we have to offer our students. We have in the last couple of years, had to
eliminate some things that are not in the budget, that we would like to have back, for
example: foreign languages in high school, as we only have the required two foreign
languages in the high school and one at the middle school. Several years ago, we
offered three foreign languages in each school and had to cut a computer science
teacher position. We need to be conscience of what we have to offer our students so
they can be competitive when they leave here. We also need to make our salaries and
benefits competitive. Under facilities, we have a need for several additions and
renovations, which are capital projects that we do not have included. We do have
included additional money for maintenance projects that we have not had in last year’s
budget. We need to be conscious of the growth of the County — while some of the new
homes constructed to not have children, they may have children in the years to come
and we need to prepare for that increase. From his point of view, the two areas that
have not seen a major growth in but would like to in terms of the budget is Staff
Salaries and Facilities. They also recognize that the County has limited funding
resources. Special Education and No Child Left Behind are vastly under-funded by the
Federal Government, especially Special Education. When that law was enacted 30 years
ago, the Federal Government agreed to finance about 40% of the cost of Special
Education. It has never been above 20%. This proposed budget recognizes the
realities of funding.
Dr. Krug briefly spoke on some of the other goals and proposed needs of the School
system listed on the handout that was provided at the beginning of the meeting. He
also explained that they based their proposed budget on what Governor Warner has
proposed the State to provide.
Dr. Krug spoke briefly on the major increases over the FY06 budget.
e Salaries $744,000
e Employee Health Insurance 100,000
e VRS & Group Life 315,000
e Fuel (heating & vehicle) 75,000
e School buses & trucks 138,000
e Building Improvements 175,000
Total $ 1,547,000
Mr. Waddell discussed the need for improvements to the Technology infrastructure for
the school system as well as the need to re-instate a Computer Technology Systems
teacher position.