318
that the legislative act of taxation provides the greatest opportunity and temptation incredible on the
tules ofjustice. I cannot support the Board’s decision whether it is written in stone or not. I fear what
will happen and what may happen in the future may very well be based on what is happening today.
Gentlemen, God Bless you”.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Raymond and asked to the next person to speak.
Mr. Chris St. John came forward and stated his address as Route 2, Stonewall District, Concord.,
VA. “I, too, realize that us being here tonight really doesn’t make a difference because you five
gentlemen have already come to your decision and I realize that. Ihave some concerns and you have
decided what you are going to do about the budget, but my question tonight concerns representation
of the citizens of the Stonewall area who are not fortunate enough for our representative to be present
or is it the position he holds not being taken seriously. We, in the Stonewall or Wreck Island District
or whatever it is called these days, need to take a hard look at whether this is or is not the
representation we need and if it will continue to be tolerated. Currently there are five (5) supervisors,
yet tonight there are only four (4) present. No wonder you cannot work collectively as a group to
make good decisions based on the best interest of the County citizens when not everyone wants to
be present for whatever personal reasons they may have. I feel sort of let down, I really do. Thank
you”.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to address the Board.
Mr. Floyd Williams came forward and gave his address as F alling River Acres, Appomattox, Va.
“T am not here to criticize you or complain about taxes. I just want to say a few things about
expenditures. I have heard a lot of talk about hiring a financial advisor. Somewhere about 75% of
the County budget goes to schools. That is already been earmarked and we know where that is
going. It doesn’t make good sense to me to hire someone and fund an office of about $90,000 a year.
Another thing, I have been in the banking business for about 35 years and made quite a few loans.
I try not to make a loan to a person to build something when they don’t know where their payments
are coming from. I think you have passed a resolution to build a school and a courthouse, and I am
not opposed to either one, but my problem is where is the money coming from. You all have stated
in the paper, you don’t know. I think you need to know where the money is coming from before you
spend it. Thank you.”
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Williams.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to speak.
At 7:40 p.m. Mr. Moore declared the Public Hearing closed.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman