281
Mr. Paulette then called for additions and corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Bosiger stated that instead of "SCB" the initials should be "SCV".
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes
of the regular meeting of July 7, 1997, as corrected; the public
hearing of July 21, 1997; and the recessed meeting of July 21, 1997.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer td
appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay answered questions and concerns of several Board members.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
her.
Mr. Paulette next called Mrs. Terri Conrad to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Conrad began that she had two issues that she wished to seek
support from the Board for. Mrs. Conrad continued that the first
matter for consideration was funding for school infrastructure. Mrs.
Conrad explained that she would like to have the Board of Supervisors
adopt a resolution asking that a Bill be passed that would require the
State to share infrastructure expenses for schools on a 50/50 basis.
Mrs. Conrad explained the second matter dealt with the hiring of a
lobbyist to speak for rural counties. Mrs. Conrad stated she hoped to
meet with approximately twenty (20) rural counties to try to get them
to join together to hire a lobbyist that would carry our concerns to
the legislature. Mrs. Conrad explained that she would anticipate the
cost to each locality to be approximately $3,000.00 annually. Mrs.
Conrad requested an answer from the Board as soon as possible.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is charged with th
responsibility for providing infrastructure for education in the
County; and
WHEREAS, providing this infrastructure is only part of the
responsibility the Board of Supervisors has; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, like other rural counties, has limited
resources with which to meet it’s obligations;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
request the Legislature appropriate funding to localities for School
infrastructure.
io)