337
utilized at Mr. Whitaker’s home and the office portion of the business will be located in the
home.
Chairman Craft called for anyone who would like to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Whitaker Johnston came forward and gave his address as 1518 Arrow Street, Lynchburg,
Virginia. Mr. Johnston stated that he is property owner and petitioner and also stated that this
would in no way shape or form be a puppy mill.
Mr. Johnston stated that he would be training and boarding sporting dogs and the closing of the
property is contingent on the approval of this petition. If this petition is approved he will be
moving to the County.
Chairman Craft called for anyone else to speak in favor of petition. Hearing none, Chairman
Craft called for anyone who would like to speak against this petition. Hearing no other
comments, Chairman Craft called on Mr. Spencer to continue with the last petition to be heard
during this public hearing.
Mr. Spencer presented petition#RZ08004- Mr. R.C. Stephens who is requesting to rezone
property located on Phoebe Pond Road (Route 669) between Richmond Highway (Route 460)
and the Campbell County line from Residential District R-1 to Residential District R-2. The
property is currently vacant and proposed to be divided into four (4) lots of approximately 0.70
acres in size each.
Mr. R. C. Stephens is requesting to rezone property from R-1 to R-2 in order to be allowed to
place mobile homes on the property. The current zoning prohibits mobile home placement. Mr.
Stephens notes in his application that the adjoining properties along this road have mobile homes
placed on them. Much of this area was originally zoned R-1, however over the past five years
multiple parcels have been rezoned to R-2. The area contains a mixture of mobile homes and
affordable stick built homes.
Chairman Craft called for anyone who wished to speak in favor of this petition, hearing no
comments, Chairman Craft called for anyone who wished to speak against this petition. Hearing
none, Chairman Craft closed the public hearing.
The Public Hearing closed at 7:12 p.m.
LLM Fla LP
William H. Craft, CHairman