370
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve
for reasons of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice,
to approve the following Conditional Use Permit request as recommended by the
Planning Commission:
CUP06004 — Kenneth and Robin Wolfskill for a conditional use permit on property
located on Poorhouse Creek Road (Route 639) between River Ridge Road (Route 627)
and Morning Star Road (Route 632) for the purpose of locating a campground on said
property subject to the following conditions:
1) The applicant will comply with all federal, state, and local laws concerning
erosion and sediment control. Specifically, an erosion and sediment control plan
shall be submitted to the County Administrator’s office and approved prior to
commencement of any business activity.
2) A 100’ buffer will be maintained along the southern and western property lines.
The existing natural wooded buffer shall remain undisturbed and any holes or
thinning areas shall be filled with large evergreen trees a minimum of five (5)
feet tall at the time of planting.
3) A 50’ buffer will be maintained along the front of the property the entire distance
except for the installation of a maximum two (2) standard entrances as approved
by the Virginia Department of Transportation. This condition does not include
the entrance for the home/office.
4) All exterior lighting fixtures shall be arranged, directed, and shielded downward
SO as not to reflect any glare outward towards adjoining streets or properties. At
no point shall the glare from these lights exceed 0.5-foot candle power at the
property lines.
5) This conditional use permit is limited to thirteen (13) campsites, corrals, the
Office, pavilion, bathhouse, and the horse ring as shown on the site plan
submitted with the application. Future campsites shall be reviewed as an
amendment to this conditional use permit.
6) Any recreational vehicle, trailer, or other campground visitor shall be limited to a
maximum stay of 30 consecutive days. At no time shall any recreational vehicle,
trailer, or other structure used of dwelling purposes be permanently established
on the property. This condition does not include the dwelling/office of the
owner/developer.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Burn Ban: A burn ban was adopted effective March 21, 2006 and has been in
effect since that date.
There was some discussion regarding whether or not the Forestry Department was in
favor of lifting this burn ban. Ms. Ferguson stated that the Forestry Department did not
think the burn ban was necessary and due to the fact that we have had sufficient
rainfall, several of the surrounding localities have already lifted their ban, it is safe to lift
this ban at this time.