532
State regulations on the County's authority to regulate land-use which causes
substantial injustice and hardship to localities; and,
WHEREAS, the new Code Section 15.2-2286.1 B, that requires each locality to
designate 40 percent of unimproved residential and agriculturally zoned land as eligible
for by-right cluster development is arbitrary and capricious and encourages unwanted
residential growth in localities trying to manage and control growth; and
WHEREAS, the new Code Section 15.2-2286.1 A. requires all localities with a growth
rate of more than one percent per year to have clustering provisions in their local land
use regulations as opposed to being optional under 15.2-2286.A 12.a.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia that the Governor and General Assembly of the State of Virginia are
strongly urged to:
I. Make cluster development an optional land use tool for local governments.
2. Allow for the approval of cluster developments through a special use, special
exemption or conditional use process.
3. Eliminate any reference to what type or how much /and in a locality should
be made available for cluster development.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be sent to the Governor,
the County’s General Assembly delegation and to the Virginia Association of Counties.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be sent to all counties in
the Commonwealth urging them to adopt a similar resolution in support of this matter.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3A. Approval of the Job Description for 911 Call Center Tele-communicator:
Ms. Ferguson stated that we have for some time been advertising for these
positions. We recently realized that we had not presented the formal job
description to the Board of Supervisors for inclusion in the Personnel Policy. We
are asking for the Board to approve this job description at this time.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Job Description for
911 Call Center Tele-communicator for inclusion in the Personnel Policy as presented by
Mr. Wingfield and Ms. Ashby. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson also commented that we have met the 95% match rate, so we will be
moving forward as quickly as possible in getting these positions filled and getting the
center up and running. If you know of anyone who is qualified and expresses an
interest in these positions, please have them see Mr. Wingfield for an application.
3B. MACHINERY AND TOOL TAX RATE FOR FY 2007: A public hearing was held
earlier in the evening to clarify the Machinery and Tool Tax rate increase from