235
just for land. Mr. Hix stated that a big percentage of his land is cut over land and stumps
and he just does not know how it could have been appraised as high as it was.
Mr. Hix explained again that the main reason he wanted to speak with the Board was to
ask them again to consider land use.
Mr. Hix thanked the Board for allowing him to come and speak to them.
Mr. Conrad asked Mr. Hix if he had an appointment to speak with the Board of
Equalization. Mr. Hix stated that he did not, when he called it was too late to schedule an
appointment.
Mr. Hix stated that personally the way he looked at it, was that Ms. Ferguson has already
come up with the percentage that will be needed by the County. He does not feel the
Board of Equalization could do anything but listen to you complain, he feels it is going to
be very little that can be done.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Overstreet as to if a local land use plan or local ordinance
pursuant to Section has been adopted, what does that mean?
Mr. Overstreet explained that it means you can establish an agricultural district which is
almost like a zoning district and when you do that real estate in that district is eligible for
land use as you establish it even if you don’t have a land use ordinance. A land use
ordinance is for the entire County and as we have discussed before, the values are set by
the Commissioner of Revenue for farm land based on data that they receive from an
Advisory Board that comes from Virginia Tech.
Mr. Hix asked Mr. Overstreet to interpret what the definition of the word “shall” means
in the explanation of the agricultural district.
Mr. Overstreet explained that is if you set a district which means you would have to take
a section of the County and say it was agricultural district and then the items would apply
to that district. Mr. Overstreet, then stated that you would not have to have a land use
ordinance if you did this, but a land use ordinance is for the entire County, so anyone
with five acres or more would be able to qualify for land use which is what most counties
do.
Mr. Craft stated that the last item for discussion before entering into a budget work
session is Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Craft asked Mr. Tanner if he had any Supervisors Concerns. Mr. Tanner stated that
he would like the Board to continue discussing land use and consider its adoption. Mr.
Tanner stated that the Board has got to do something to help the farmers in this County.