138
WHEREAS, the procedure governing the allocation of recreational access funds set forth in
Section 33.1-223 of the Code of Virginia requires joint action by the Director of the Department of
Conservation and Recreation and the Commonwealth Transportation Board; and
WHEREAS, a statement of policy agreed upon between the said Director and Board
approves the use of such funds for the construction of access facilities to publicly-owned recreational
areas or historical sites; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has duly adopted a zoning ordinance pursuant to
Article 8 (Section 15.1-486 et seq), Chapter 11, Title 15.1 of the Code of Virginia; and
WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of Supervisors that all requirements of the law have
been met to permit the Director of the Department of Conservation and Recreation to designate the
Appomattox Community Park as a public recreational facility and further permit the Commonwealth
Transportation Board to provide funds for access to this public recreation area in accordance with
Section 33.1-223 ofthe Code of Virginia; and
WHEREAS, the right of way of the proposed access road and bikeway is provided by the
County of Appomattox at no cost to the Recreational Access Fund; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors acknowledges that, pursuant to the Provision of
Section 33.1-223 of the Code of Virginia, this road and bikeway shall be designated as “Virginia
Byway” and recommends the Commonwealth Transportation Board, in cooperation with the Director
of the Department of Conservation and Recreation, take the appropriate action to implement this
designation. Further, the Board of Supervisors agrees, in keeping with the intent of Section 33.1-63
of the Code of Virginia, to use its good offices to reasonably protect the aesthetic or cultural value of
this road and bikeway.
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County hereby requests the Director of the Department of Conservation and Recreation to designate
the Appomattox Community Park as a public recreational area and to recommend to the
Commonwealth Transportation Board that recreational access funds be allocated for an access road
and bikeway to serve said park; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Commonwealth Transportation Board if hereby
requested to allocate the necessary recreational access funds to provide a suitable access road and
bikeway as hereinbefore described.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
C: Frisbee Golf: The Senior Girl Scout Troop 2052 is requesting approval to finance and
construct a Frisbee Disc Golf Court at the new community park on Rt. 613 as their
Gold Award Project. The Girl Scout Gold Award Committee has approved this