525
action on Resolutions declaring the Oakville School property and the Old
Elementary School as surplus property so they can be returned to the County
Board of Supervisors effective July 1, 2004. Information was furnished by the
School Board covering some needs they will still have at the Old Elementary
School and hope to come to. some resolution on these in the next few weeks.
1. They need to use the current maintenance shop in the Old Ag Building
at that facility until another facility is secured. They do not have the
latitude in their operating budget to provide such a facility. We need
to work together to achieve this.
2. They will also need to use four areas for storage: the Old Home
Economics Cottage and the three outbuildings. They will provide
personal property insurance for these properties and be responsible for
the utility costs required for the maintenance building. There is no
electricity to the other buildings.
3. They would like to have permission to store materials in some mutually
agreed sections in the Elementary Building in preparation of the
auction in the fall. They would also like to conduct the auction from
this site.
4. They would also like to retain possession of the kitchen equipment
which is at present inaccessible due to the Courtroom location. This
equipment will either be sold at the auction or through sealed bids.
This equipment was most likely purchased through U. S. Department
of Agriculture funds. Proceeds from this equipment will have to be
placed in the Cafeteria Account.
The School Board would not be responsible for the property or liability insurance,
or the upkeep and/or maintenance or utility costs for the sections of the building
they did not specifically mention above, effective July 1, 2004. They also expect
to remove the gazebo out front and certain pieces of the playground equipment
prior to July 1, 2004.
Mr. Carter questioned who would be responsible for the upkeep of the grounds?
Dr. Krug next presented some background on the budget they deem as
necessary for next year. They are trying to maintain the same level of programs
and services at the existing level for our students; maintain the same class sizes;
to stay current with the technology they have; move toward fair market salary
and benefits for employees; the VRS rate adjustments over which the School
Board has no control; and provide staff for special education. They also realize
that through the “No Child Left Behind Act” and the requirements of sub-groups
of students meeting literacy needs, that they need to address in a more
aggressive way the middle and high school levels.
There are a number of federally mandated issues that must be addressed.