348
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4 — Letter from Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action
Program requesting the Board to appoint someone to replace Mr. Robert Carter, Jr. for a three
year term.
Chairman Craft stated that he has served for the past fourteen years on the same type program
from the Lynchburg area and does not understand why the County participates with two of the
same organizations.
Chairman Craft stated that something needs to be worked out, but he has also been told that
Judge Woodson wanted to send everyone to Farmville unless they request to go elsewhere.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needs to keep in mind that the Lynchburg organization is
located where the Regional Jail is going to be and it will have a lot of activity.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there has been a lot of controversy over this and we have been battling
this over the past several years. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has done a lot of research on this
and spoke with Tony Cassell and was told by him that Appomattox County did not need to make
any changes until the Regional Jail was opened and then the County would have to make a
decision.
Chairman Craft stated that it was the consensus of the Board to advertise this position to see if
we have any citizens with an interest in serving in this capacity.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item#5 — Director of Economic Development.
Chairman Craft explained that the job description being presented reflects the changes made as
stated in the last Board meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels that the next stage for the Board would be to pass this job
description to the EDA for their review.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the job description has been discussed with the EDA, but they have not
been given the opportunity to review the description.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needs to keep in mind that with the present budget, there is no
way the Board can fill this position. Mr. Conrad stated that borrowing money had been
discussed, but he understands that you cannot borrow money on something unless your next
fiscal year budget directly reflects this incoming revenue.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Overstreet if he was correct on this understanding.
Mr. Overstreet stated that Counties are not allowed to borrow money and pay it over another
fiscal year; you would have to repay it this year. Mr. Overstreet stated that there is a statue that
allows the County to borrow for short term expenses when you have anticipated incoming
revenue.