068
Present (Board of Zoning Appeals):
William Turner
Absent (Board of Zoning Appeals):
Sharon Bonaventura
Bruce Drinkard
Jessee Hancock
Matt Lair
The Public Hearing having been duly advertised was called to
order at 7:30 P.M. by W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, presiding. Mr.
Jamerson stated the purpose of the hearing and explained the
procedure to be followed.
Mr. Jamerson noted there was not a quorum of the Planning
Commission or the Board of Zoning Appeals present and asked
if there were any objections to proceeding under these
circumstances. Hearing no objections, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr.
Bill Caldwell, Clerk of the Planning Commission, to read the
first petition to be considered. Mr. Caldwell read
application 92-175 of Jeffrey T. Carwile. Mr. Carwile asks
to rezone from Rl to R2 the Route 644 Subdivision located in
the southeastern quadrant of the intersection of Routes 694
and Route 644. Mr. Carwile desires mobile home be permitted
on the five (5) lots of the subdivision.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. Mr. Carwile
spoke pointing out the minimum lot size was one (1) acre and
that he would like to be permitted to install mobile homes on
these lots. Mr. Carwile continued by noting there are
currently four (4) single lot mobile homes installed on
property adjacent to his subdivision and a fifth (5th) double
wide mobile home is being planned in the vicinity. Further,
Mr. Carwile maintained the housing in the area was
predominantly mobile homes, therefore, to rezone his
subdivision to R-2 would not degrade the area.
Mr. Jamerson next asked to hear from those in favor or
opposed to the petition. There being no response, Mr.
Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition to be
considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-176 of Mr. Amon E. Workman.
Mr. Workman asks for a variance to paragraph 904 of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance regarding front yard "set
back". The property is located on Route 626 between Route
617 and Route 651 and is zoned A-1. Mr. Workman proposes an
addition to the front of his home. The addition will reduce
the set back from the centerline of Route 626 to
approximately 62’. Paragraph 904 of the Zoning Ordinance
requires 75’ front yard set back measured from the centerline
of the highway. Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the
petitioner. Hearing no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear
from anyone opposed or in favor of the petition. Hearing no
response, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-177 of Mr. James Moore, Jr.