325
Being no further business with Mrs. Williams, Mr. Jamerson thanked and
excused Mrs. Williams.
Mr. Jamerson having no more appearances, asked Mrs. Ferguson, County
Administrator to present the administrative items for Board action.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the first item for action, the appointment of
the Board of Assessors for the general reassessment. Mrs. Ferguson
explained to the Board that Mr. Carwile had presented Mr. R. W. "Bobby'
Mitchell’s name, representing Southside Magisterial District, at 4
previous meeting.
Mr. Torrence presented two (2) names for consideration from Cloverhil]
Magisterial District, Mr. John Hix and Mr. Henry Richardson. Both
gentlemen have agreed to serve if appointed.
After discussion, Mr. John Hix was decided upon by consensus of the
Board.
Mr. Jamerson then asked for a representative from Stonewall Magisterial
District.
Mr. Carwile presented Mr. Manley Ferguson’s name for appointment. Mr
Ferguson has also agreed to serve if appointed.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Mr
Manley Ferguson, Stonewall Magisterial District; Mr. John Hix
Cloverhill Magisterial District; and Mr. R. W. "Bobby" Mitchell
Southside Magisterial District; to serve on the Board of Assessors for
the 1996 general reassessment. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ta
Mr. Jamerson recognized Mr. Junior Beasley, representing the Appomattox
County Rescue Squad Advisory Committee. Mr. Beasley presented the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors with a Certificate of
Appreciation for the Boards assistance to the Rescue Squad.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mr. Beasley and the Rescue Squad for the
certificate and for the service that they perform in the community.
Mrs. Ferguson introduced the next item on the agenda, Appointment to
the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Council. Mr. W. S
"Bill" Slagle, who was appointed at a previous meeting, has declined
the appointment.
Mr. Carwile presented Mr. John McLean for appointment and informed the
Board that Mr. Mclean had agreed to serve. Mrs. Beasley made a motion!
seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. John Mclean to the Central
Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Council to fill an unexpired)
term ending October 1994. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Dennis Gragg, Executive Director
of the Central Virginia Planning District Commission to appoint
£-