530
to use good sense and good planning practices in making a decision on this matter. Mr.
Selz continued that he did not think the village of Concord was the place for an industrial
site. Mr. Selz also stated that he felt if this were approved it would constitute spot zoning
for Mr. Moore’s personal benefit. Mr. Selz explained that everything east of this
property was zoned R-1 and that this was not the proper place for M-1 district. Mr. Selz
continued that this deed had been recently recorded within the last two months. Mr. Selz
stated that Judge Johnston had entered an injunction to halt sandblasting on this property
until the issue of the zoning and other matters could be cleared up. Mr. Selz then read
from two letters that Mr. Moore had received from the Department of Environmental
Quality concerning violations with Mr. Moore’s operation. In closing Mr. Selz asked the
Board to deny Mr. Moore’s request for rezoning.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Rueben Bryant came forward and gave his address as 247 Station Lane, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Bryant continued by explaining that he was the closest landowner to the
proposed enterprise. Mr. Bryant continued that in opening he would like to say that Mr.
McBride had spoken about natural vegetation that would act as a buffer between Mr.
Moore’s operation and the dwellings on Station Lane. Mr. Bryant explained that the first
thing that occurred after Mr. Moore purchased this property was that Mr. Moore cut the
trees from the property. Mr. Bryant explained that Mr. Moore ‘s representative had
spoken of Mr. Moore’s attempts to cooperate with the neighbors, Mr. Bryant explained
that even though Mr. Moore had been told that his operation was in violation with the
County ordinances, Mr. Moore had continued with operation until threatened with a
summons. Mr. Bryant continued that he did not feel a good neighbor would put this type
operation in his neighbor’s yard. Mr. Bryant explained that in his opinion Mr. Moore
was willing to sacrifice his neighbor’s property for his own personal gain. Mr. Bryant
read from several DEQ inspection reports concerning violations found with Mr. Moore’s
operation. Mr. Bryant then presented copies of these letters to the Board. Mr. Bryant
continued that Mr. Moore had yet to approach him to see if some solution could be
reached in this matter, quite the contrary, in Mr. Bryant’s opinion, Mr. Moore had tried to
aggravate the situation. Mr. Bryant continued that he hoped that the Board of
Supervisors and the Planning Commission would not be beguiled with newfound
promises of being a good neighbor. Mr. Bryant continued that he would acknowledge
that Mr. Moore had earned some good will in the community through his involvement
with the fire department. He continued that he felt that Mr. Moore had ridden that horse
as far as he will be allowed to ride it. Mr. Bryant continued that Mr. Moore trades on
this good will to justify his other activities, like the one that we are talking about tonight.
Mr. Bryant continued that he and some of his neighbors were beginning to feel that they
paid a pretty steep price for fire protection. Mr. Bryant stated that he would rather pay
more taxes for the County to hire firemen if the present system was going to lead to the
destruction of his property. Mr. Bryant stated that at least the cost would be spread
equitably between everyone instead of Mr. Moore deciding whose property he was going
to destroy next. Mr. Bryant explained that he had lived for about three decades in this
house and felt that Mr. Moore had down graded his property far more than he had
improved the property that he had bought from the railroad. Mr. Bryant felt that to