314
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Planning Commission had recommended approval of
petition 98-349 of Piedmont Timber Company.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the Planning
Commissions recommendation and approve petition 98-349 of Piedmont Timber
Company to rezone property from A-1 to B-1. Property is Tax Map Parcel #72-A-5 and
part of #60-A-53 and is located on Route 460 between Route 667 and Route 800. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal matter.
At 7:44 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:20 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors to return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion made by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn
at 9:35 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
bath ota ~
Garet K. Bosiger, Chaitman