628
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 9:44 P.M. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adjourn. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairttan
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
at 6:30 P.M. on June 6, 1995, in the School Board Conference Room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Phillip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District (late)
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order at 6:30 P.M. and stated
the purpose of the hearing was to receive public comment for the
candidates for School Board, from the Courthouse District. Mr.
Paulette then stated the procedure for addressing the Board.
Mr. Paulette recognized the first speaker for Ms. Conrad, Ms. Roberta
Kidd.
Ms. Kidd came forward and stated that she was appearing before the
Board to recommend Ms. Terri Conrad for School Board, representing
Courthouse District. Ms. Kidd continued by saying that Ms. Conrad is
an honest, caring Christian, who is genuinely concerned for others.
Ms. Kidd stated that Ms. Conrad has two (2) sons in the school system
and that Ms. Conrad is actively involved in the system. Ms. Kidd feels
that Ms. Conrad would be an asset, as a member of the School Board and
highly recommended her for this position.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Kidd for her comments and recognized Mr. Ray
Servis.
Mr. Ray Servis came forward and explained that he is retired from the
Department of Defense and has known Ms. Terri Conrad for some years.
Mr. Servis stated that Ms. Conrad is a parent who is very interested in
the school system. He continued by saying that Ms. Conrad has a high