069
increase in real estate values as 3%. He stated his 1990 assessed
value was $83,500 and the 1996 assessed value was $130,000. Mr.
Gascoyne continued this amounted to a 59% increase in real estate tax
for him. Mr. Gascoyne also stated he felt he got no value for the
taxes he paid. He requested the Board take his comments into
consideration when setting the tax rate for 1996.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Troy Roope came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Box 1226
Concord, VA. Mr. Roope stated he felt he wasted his time meeting with
the Board of Assessors. He stated he had been assessed $10,000 for a
five (5) acre rock pile. Mr. Roope continued that he has not been
treated fairly.
Mr. Roope continued by asking the Board to seriously consider the rate
prior to setting.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Melvin T. Moore came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 42
Concord, Va. Mr. Moore stated he was against the proposed $0.55 cent
per hundred tax rate, mainly because he doesn’t understand the needs of
the County. Mr. Moore feels that the increase is too great.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Jesse M. Rosser came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Box
820, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Rosser thanked the Board for the opportunit
to come before them to state his opinion. Mr. Rosser continued that
felt he was penalized for keeping a nice place. He stated he was not
being treated fairly. He felt the reassessment was unfair. Mr. Rosser
asked the Board to take a close look at every thing prior to setting
the new rate.
Mr. Paulette called for other conments.
Mr. Charles R. Griffin came forward and gave his address as Route 5,
Box 754, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Griffin continued by saying he moved here
from South Carolina approximately five (5) years ago. Mr. Griffin
stated that he felt a 13% increase in taxes was excessive, considerin
the average person’s pay did not increase more than 3 percent a year.
Mr. Griffin feels the twice a year billing was done due to taxes bein
so much the average person can not pay them once a year. Mr. Griffin
felt he had an idea to replace property taxes with sales tax on
properties for ten (10) years. He stated short termers would pay
more. Mr. Griffin in closing, asked the Board to consider alternative
to the real estate taxes.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Raymond W. Mullins came forward and gave his address as Route 1,
Appomattox, VA. Mr. Mullins stated his assessment increased by 46%
from 1990 to 1996. He continued by saying his request was only that
trek0iS