002
that there was a fair amount of work needed to this property prior to renting it to someone
else. Mr. Bosiger asked what the Board wished to do with this property.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson would
get estimates for the needed repairs to the property and present them to the Board before
a decision would be made.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Sheriff Staples had reported some problems at the
Community Center with groups hanging out and fighting. Sheriff Staples had requested
the Board take appropriate action to help him police this area.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that Mr. Carwile would
discuss this matter with the Community Center Board of Directors and report back to the
Board on June 7, 1999.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal and
a personnel matter. “3
At 9:50 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal and a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence at 10:17 P.M seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for action necessary from the executive session.
=