97
and we are not housing our prisoners in a regional facility, there is no need to make this
decision immediately. We do not need to make this decision on either program at this
time. Once our Community Corrections Plan is approve by the Department of
Corrections, then we will need funding from the State to be applied and approved for
Appomattox County and Amherst County and at that point we will need to know who we
would like to go with for these services. We might have as much as two years before we
actually have to make any changes on this subject. Mr. Cassell stated he would be
more than happy to meet with the Board and basically go over what these programs do
and offer his expertise in that area. There is no rush to make this decision.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to table this item and put it on the
agenda for the October 1, 2007 meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Fireworks Permit for the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival: The
Appomattox Railroad Festival Committee is requesting approval of a Fireworks
Permit for Saturday, October 13, 2007 in Cole’s field across from the Appomattox
County High School.
Recommendation: Staff recommends approving the Fireworks Permit.
Mr. Craft stated this has been held there before. He has no problems with approving
this request.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Fireworks Permit
for the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival to hold their annual Fireworks display at
Cole's Farm across from the Appomattox County High School on Saturday, October 13,
2007. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Resolution Establishing Personal Property Tax Relief: The Commissioner
of Revenue and the Treasurer have provided the annual resolution setting the
Personal Property Tax Relief Rate as established by the Code.
Recommendation: Staff recommends adopting the resolution as presented.
Mr. Overstreet has reviewed this resolution and we just need to follow the usual format.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following resolution
establishing the Personal Property Tax Relief Rate:
RESOLUTUION
BE IT RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the requirements set forth in section 58.1-39524
(C) and Section 58.1-3912 (E) of the Code of Virginia, as amended by Chapter | of the Acts of
Assembly (2004 Special Session 1) and as set forth in item 503.E (Personal Property Tax Relief
Program) of Chapter 951 if the 2005 Acts of Assembly any qualifying vehicle sitused within the
County commencing January 1, 2007, shall receive personal property tax relief in the following
manner: