619
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
b, I.D. A. Mrs. Kay Robertson has resigned from the I.D.A. and Mr. Danny Moonhas been suggested to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Robertson’s resignation.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mr. Danny Moon to fill theunexpired term of Mrs. Kay Robertson on the I. D. A. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
3. Planning Commission Recommendations: Planning Commission recommendations
concerning Petition 01-489 - Harrison Kelso for conditional zoning petition to re-zoneparcels of land located at Tax Map #62(A)45, 46, 52, 53 and 66A from R-1 to R-2.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Petition 01-489 - Harrison Kelsoto re-zone Tax Map parcels #62(A)45, 46, 52,53 and 66A from R-1 to R-2 for reasons of publicnecessity, convenience, general welfare and good zoning practices. The following proffer hasalso been approved in conjunction with this petition:
“Construction of dwellings limited to single-family double-wide and triple-wide
manufactured homes, modulars, and stick-built homes. Single-wide homes andmulti-family dwellings are to be excluded from the properties to be re-zoned.”VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
4. Resolution of Recognition: The Planning Commission, Board of Zoning Appeals andIndustrial Development Authority have submitted Resolutions of Recognition to bepresented to members leaving these Boards/Commissions.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore the Board decided to present theseResolutions of Recognition as presented at the meeting on January 22, 2002. VOTE: Mr. Carter,aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (Items 5 - 14)
5. Approval of Bills: Payment of bills for month.
BOARD ACTIONS:
6. Virginia Department of Health - Local Government Agreement: Please find the VirginiaDepartment of Health - Local Government Agreement for the Board’s consideration,Does the Board wish to authorize the County Administrator to execute this agreement?
7. Capital Improvement Fund: The Treasurer has informed the Board that the funds areavailable to transfer $350,000.00 to the Capital Improvement Plan Account in accordancewith the adopted budget.
9. Animal Friendly Tags: The County Administrator is requesting permission to accept the$150.00 designated from the sale of Animal Friendly License Plates and to transfer thesemonies to the A.W.A.G. for further dog and cat sterilization.