567
Commission Scope of Work for Appomattox County/Town Water Supply
Project and the Region 2000 Regional Commission Agreement for services
of Project Management for the Route 460 Water Line Project.
Mr. Carter stated that within the scope of this literature in regards to the
agreement, there are a lot of measurables here. A lot of things that are within
the scope of supply: investigations, collection of data, etc. All of that, is in the
frame work of this scope of work that has been identified by Region 2000
Regional Commission.
We are here to vote tonight on whether to continue the evaluation of this project
being defined as: collecting all the necessary data, to make a conscientious
decision on what Appomattox County is going to do in regards to water. Before
we can do that we need to have all the data put before us so we can make this
determination.
After some discussion regarding the alternatives and seeking additional funding,
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to proceed with the Region
2000 Scope of Work for the Appomattox County/Town Water Project &
Agreement with Region 2000 Regional Commission contingent upon the County
Attorney's review for legal terms and verbiage. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
2. Planning Commission Member Appointment: Kevin O’Brien’s term
on the Planning Commission expired 6/1/04. Mr. O’Brien’s appointment is
from the Piney Mountain District. Mr. O’Brien is willing to serve for
another four year term.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Kevin O’Brien to
serve another term on the Planning Commission, said term to expire on June 1,
2008. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
3. Carver-Price Alumni Association, Inc: The Carver-Price Alumni
association is requesting use of the Carver-Price Educational Complex on
August 27, and August 28, for an all-school reunion.
There was some question regarding insurance for this event. The School Board
covered this under their policy last year.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve Carver-Price
Alumni Association the use of the Carver-Price Educational Complex on August
27 and 28, 2004, pending their securing Special Events Insurance coverage.