928
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Ronald Franklin came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 1312, Pamplin,
Virginia. Mr. Franklin explained that the installation of this mobile home was
compatible with the area. Mr. Franklin explained that he owned several lots and felt this
would improve the sites.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 98-354 of Thomas D. Jones for a variance to paragraph 170-
81 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance pertaining to location of Accessory
Building. Property is Tax Map Parcel No. 91-A-41 and is located on Route 620 between
Route 621 and Route 619. Property is zoned A-1.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Thomas D. Jones came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 80A, Pamplin,
Virginia. Mr. Jones stated that he was requesting this variance in order to put up metal
carport for boat storage. Mr. Jones continued that there was not enough room to put this
behind the house because of the woods. Mr. Jones stated that he would like to put this
beside the house where there is already a driveway and a carport.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-355 of Bobby E. Moore to rezone property from
A-1 to M-1 with Conditional Use Permit to allow Truck and Trailer storage and repairs
and contractor facilities to include sandblasting. Property is Tax Map Parcel No. 72 (A)
railroad right of way. Property is located on Route 741 between Route 24 and Dead End.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Ken McBride came forward and stated that he was speaking on behalf of Mr. Moore
and that he worked for Realtor Dewitt, 8314 Timberlake Road, Lynchburg, Virginia. Mr.
McBride stated that this property was unique in that it had road frontage on three state
maintained roads. Mr. McBride continued that the only logical and reasonable access
was from route 741. Mr. McBride explained that the developmental area on this property
was below the route 741 roadbed and that with only three homes on route 741 this was a
relatively low-density area. Mr. McBride explained that natural vegetation would help
with blocking from public view anything that would take place on this property. Mr.
McBride continued that it would not totally block any business-taking place on the
subject property from view but it would minimize what was within view. Mr. McBride
gave the historical background on this property explaining that in the mid 1960s’ this