622
Thomas and Teresa Goin came forward and stated that when they purchased
their property there was no zoning in the County. Mr. Goin continued
by saying that he purchased the property with the intention of putting
a mobile home there and did not think it was fair to limit him now.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments on this petition. Hearing none
he asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-251 of Judy and Roger Morris for/a
Conditional Use Permit to allow used car sales. Property is zoned A-1
and is located on Route 460 between Route 647 and Route 689.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Judy and Roger Morris came forward and stated they would like to have/a
small used car dealership on their property. They continued by
explaining that both of Judy’s parents are ill and Judy has felt it
necessary to quit her job to care for them. If this were permitted, it
would allow Judy to care for her parents, as well as, bring in some
income. Judy stated they plan a small operation, six or seven cars at
one time.
Mr. Paulette called for any other comments. Hearing none, he asked for
the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-252 of William R. Bryant for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow home occupation (small engine repair)
in accessory building. Property is zoned A-1 and is located on Route
610 between Route 670 and Route 609.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to speak to this petition.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-253 of Bible Baptist Church for a
Conditional Use Permit to add additional building on property for
family life center. Property is zoned R-1 and is located on Route 677
between Route 26 and Dead End.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Rev. Robert Lee came forward and stated that he was pastor of Bible
Baptist Church. He continued by detailing what this building would
house and stated that the desire of the Church was to reach and help as
many youth as possible.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments. Hearing none, the public
hearing was closed at 7:20 P.M. . h, oy
Chairman