187
recommendations. The committee would consist of Gordon Rice, Chairman,
Dennis Gragg, W. S. "Bill" Slagle, David Bailey, Thomas S. Drinkard,
and Gary Gilliam. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, nay; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Dan Brennan to discuss Motorcycle Safety and
Awareness month. Mr. Brennan explained that the idea of Motorcycle
Awareness month was to make the public aware of motorcyclists on the
highways by asking the Board to pass a resolution recognizing May as
Motorcycle Safety and Awareness Month in Appomattox County. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following
resolution:
MOTORCYCLE SAFETY AND AWARENESS MONTH
WHEREAS, in Virginia, there are over 205,000 licenses motorcycle
riders, over 57,000 registered motorcycles; and
WHEREAS, motorcyclists are being encouraged to increase their
motorcycling skills through various rider education and awareness
programs such as the Virginia Rider Training Program and the
Motorcycle Safety Foundation; and
WHEREAS, it is incumbent upon all vehicle drivers to look carefully for
motorcyclists and all motorists are encouraged to "share the road"
with motorcyclists in the traffic mix;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby recognize May, 1993 as MOTORCYCLE SAFETY
AND AWARENESS MONTH in Appomattox County and call its lifesaving
purpose to the attention of all its citizens.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr.
Brennan.
Mr. Jamerson next discussed a request for the Board to appointment
someone to the Social Services Board to replace Mr. Herbert Richardson
whose term expires June 30, 1993. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded
by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Mr. David O. Austin, Appomattox River
District, to the Social Services Board. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson brought up the next item for discussion which is a request
from the Central Piedmont Private Industry Council for nominees to
serve on the Council. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to submit the following names to Central Piedmont Private
Industry Council for consideration:
Garnet A. Mills, Route 2, Concord, Virginia;
W. D. Myrick, Route 4, Appomattox, Virginia.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, abstain, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.