688
After some discussion Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to not
participate in this study at the present time. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Fire Protection between Courthouses: The court order required that we do
something to the back of the old courthouse for fire protection and aesthetics.
Mr. Hamlett, the Building Official has consulted with the State Fire Marshall and
has suggested the following: To sprinkler the exterior of the new courthouse in
such a way that would create a water curtain when it is activated from a fire
from the old or new courthouse. Additional sprinkler heads would have to be
designed by an engineer due to it affecting the hydro. calculations of the existing
systems.
This will not eliminate our responsibility to dress the back of the old building up
or to preserve the old structure. Do we wish to contact Craddock-Cunningham
and have them work on the sprinkler design or prefer to take another direction?
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Judge was willing to work with the County, as long as
progress was being made. Now that we have moved into the new building, we need to
address this issue.
The Board agreed to look into this matter and place it on the agenda for January 10,
2005.
8. BFI Waste System of Virginia, Inc.: BFI is planning to construct and operate
an expansion of an existing landfill located in Henrico County. As part of the
Codes requirements they must contact localities to see if they wish to reserve
disposal capacity in the proposed expansion. Since we are opening our own cell,
do we wish to deny this offer?
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to deny reserving disposal capacity in
the Henrico County landfill as proposed by BFI Waste Systems of Virginia, Inc. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
9. Competitive Carrier Coalition: Another request has been received from the
Competitive Carrier Coalition concerning a resolution on Verizon's application for
a rate increase. This resolution supports affordable local telephone service and
the expansion of local exchange service competition in Virginia.
By consensus, the Board instructed Ms. Ferguson to send a letter to the Competitive
Carrier Coalition supporting the affordable local telephone service and the expansion of
local exchange service competition in Virginia.
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 10 - 17)
10. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of regular meeting on
November 1, 2004; Public Hearing-Oakville School property on November 15,