472
APPOMATTOX COUNTY SECONDARY ROADS
WHEREAS, a petition has been filed by Thomas W. Lawson, Attorney for Raymond A.
Mirra, Jr., and Gigi Jordan, to abandon portions of State Roads 721 and 671 in
Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, pursuant to the language of the Code of Virginia, the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors must duly consider this request of abandonment; and
WHEREAS, the Code of Virginia required that a Notice of Abandonment be posted in
three (3) locations along each affected road at least 30 days prior to the Resolution of
the Board abandoning these two roads; and
AND WHEREAS, the Code of Virginia also requires that a Notice of Abandonment be
published in the newspaper of local circulation at least two (2) times 30 days prior to the
Resolution of the Board abandoning these two roads;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby note receipt of said Petition of Abandonment and agrees to
schedule consideration of said Petition for April 5, 2004, after proper public notification
according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, including notification of the
Commonwealth Transportation Board.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Hunting with Rifle Ordinance: At the last meeting, Mr. Armbrust and Mr.
Conrad both displayed letters from citizens interested in repealing the restriction
on hunting with rifles. At the Board’s request, this issue is being discussed
tonight to see if a public hearing is warranted.
Recommendation is that the Board schedule a public hearing for Monday, April 5,
2004 to gain public input on the repeal of Section 87-1 of the Appomattox
County Code.
Mr. Conrad stated that they had heard comments from several concerned citizens and
he feels that there are many more citizens who would like to comment on this issue and
a public hearing should be scheduled for this purpose.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to hold a public hearing on
Monday, April 5, 2004 to receive comments on the repeal of Chapter 87 of the
Appomattox County Code. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked if the Board would like to have this public hearing held at the
Appomattox County High School Auditorium. Mr. Spencer will check on the availability
of the High School and report back to the Board. Notice will also be printed in the local
newspaper.