548
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Chad Millner to come forward. Mr. Millner came forward and
stated his address as 6560 Promise Land Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Millner thanked the
Board for the opportunity to speak and then stated that he is in favor of a full time Economic
Development Director who he feels would be able to market Appomattox County in order to
attract new businesses and industry as well as retain existing businesses and industry which will
enhance the local tax base, thereby reducing the tax burden on everyday citizens. Mr. Millner
stated that he asked in his first EDA meeting how much time was devoted on Economic
Development and he was told twenty-five percent. Mr. Millner questioned can the citizens of
Appomattox County survive one more year with only twenty-five percent of County time being
devoted towards economic development efforts instead of hiring a full time director of economic
development who can devote one hundred percent of his or her time towards economic
development efforts.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr, Garet Bosiger to appear before the Board. Mr. Bosiger came
forward and stated his address as 3314 County Line Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Bosiger
stated that he would like to address the economic development position and stated that he could
speak with personal experience and began by stating that sixteen years ago he and his wife
started their own manufacturing company and first looked at Appomattox County which at that
time did not have an IDA or anyone working with economic development. They eventually made
the decision to locate their business in Charlotte County. Mr. Bosiger stated that he now is the
largest private employer within Charlotte County. Mr. Bosiger stated that we can change the
revenue in Appomattox County by getting revenue from other sources like business taxes.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Richard C. Wilson to appear before the Board. Mr. Wilson
came forward and stated his address as 514 Gum Branch Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Wilson stated that he was in favor also of the economic development coordinator. Mr. Wilson
stated that next year the schools and sheriff is going to need more money and we have no new
revenue coming in. Mr. Wilson questioned what the Board was going to do next year other than
tax the citizens again.
Chairman Conrad called on Ms. Jennifer Jamerson Scruggs to come and appear before the
Board, Ms. Scruggs came forward and stated her address as 10404 Redhouse Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Ms. Scruggs stated that it is imperative to look for a way to lower the tax
base and create jobs in this community. Ms. Scruggs stated that she feels the economic
development director position should have been created by the Board of Supervisors years ago in
correlation with development of the IDA. Ms. Scruggs stated that economic development is very
competitive and Appomattox County needs to be competitive and proactive in pursing contacts
that come in the area. Ms. Scruggs stated that we need to seek economic development
aggressively and be able to be able to offer a competitive package to entice companies and
businesses to our location. Ms. Scruggs stated that we will be able to accomplish this by hiring a
professional and qualified experienced individual that has a proven track record of
accomplishments and obtained goals in economic development.
Chairman Conrad called on Mayor Robert Mitchell to appear before the Board. Mayor Mitchell
came forward and stated that he would like to supplement all the other comments that he had
heard tonight. Mayor Mitchell stated that he is in favor of the position of an economic
development director and also feels that this position is necessary.