456
policy requiring a soil scientist to do a soil test prior to issuance of a building
permit for all new dwellings and additions. Questions have arisen concerning the
authority to adopt such a policy administratively.
It is recommended that the Board formally adopt this policy as an interim policy
and refer the matter to the Planning Commission for their review and
recommendation of a permanent policy.
There was some discussion on what type of soil is shrink-swell soil.
Mr. Conrad stated it was his understanding that this was the same as black-rock soil.
Mr. Spencer stated that from his understanding there are different types of soil that
constitute shrink-swell soil. They are soils that have a potential to swell and contract
with varying weather conditions.
Mr. Conrad stated that with this type of soil, rebarb has to be placed in the foundation.
We have not had a written policy but there has been an oral policy that has required
some contractors and individuals get a soil test done before actually beginning
construction. He said we cannot state we will not have a policy at all, and that we need
to have the Planning Commission develop some type of policy. We should have a
Natural Resources and Conservation Services (NRCS) map showing where this type of
soil is likely to be located.
After much discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to continue
with the interim policy requiring a soil test prior to issuing a building permit for all new
buildings and additions until such time as the Planning Commission can develop a long-
term policy. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. FY-05 Budget: Preparation for the FY-05 budget will begin shortly. It is
important for the Board to establish priorities and goals for the coming budget
year. These goals and priorities will allow staff to inform department heads of
the Board’s desires during the budget process and assist staff to recommend
funding levels to the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that last year the goal was not to raise taxes. This year there are a lot
of things forthcoming — E-911 Center, the water line issue, school projects and other
Capital Improvement Projects within the County.
Mr. Spencer will get revenue information from the Treasurer and the Commissioner of
Revenue. Also the Department Heads need to be furnished with copies of last year’s
budget and submit some estimate figures for the FY-05 Budget.
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (items 7-13)
7. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented for payment.
ACTION ITEMS: