539
meet with the Board, EDA and Town Councils and more information will be provided within the
next several days.
Chairman Conrad stated that we are basically making ourselves available to work with
; Congressman Perriello on future projects.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4- Additional Holiday Request and explained
that most of the constitutional officers and department heads are requesting that the Board grant
Monday, July 6, 2009 and Friday, September 4, 2009 as additional holidays. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not have a problem with this especially since employees are not
receiving any raise and this would be a good incentive.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve Monday, July 6, 2009 and Friday, September 4, 2009 as
additional holidays. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — Adoption of the Budget and Tax Levy and
explained that a public hearing was held on May 11, 2009 on the proposed FY2010 budget and
the proposed increase in the real estate tax levy. Chairman Conrad stated that staff recommends
making any changes that the Board wishes to the budget and then adopting the budget as
changed, and also staff is recommending adopting a tax rate to support the FY2010 budget.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson explained that after making the proposed changes from the last budget workshop
and with the tax rate being set at .54 cents per 100, the County would have $312,994 available in
the operating reserve which would allow you to reduce $281,220 which would be .02 cents on
the tax rate which would leave $31,774 in operating reserve.
Ms. Ferguson also explained that she had been notified that CSA administrative funds will
continue to be allocated to the localities which would give us additional funds in the amount of
$9,201.00 in the revenue which could be added to the operating reserve.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in reviewing the budget she noticed that there was $10,400 dollars in
the E911 budget that can be removed and added to operating reserve. Ms. Ferguson stated that
even by reducing the budget by $281,220 which would save you two cents on the tax rate
increase, you would still have $51,375 in operating reserve which is about what we had in
operating reserve this year. Ms. Ferguson stated that we have managed this year with this
amount being in operating reserve. Ms. Ferguson stated that with the new debt service schedule
by restructuring the debt and adding the proposed new debt you would have an $891,051 dollars
savings in debt service over what was proposed in the budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that this
amount would equate to 6.0634 cents in the tax rate and she stated that Davenport has
recommended that the Board retain those funds for the new school projects that we are aware are
needing to be addressed. Ms. Ferguson stated that is not saying that the Board could not use a