414
load on classroom teachers. Mrs. Williams stated she wanted the Board of Supervisors to
use available funds to educate the children.
Mrs. Evelyn Ford came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 114, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Ford stated that she was a parent that worked with band boosters and she
felt that the school system needed more than one band instructor. Mrs. Ford stated she
felt band helped children have a well-rounded education. Mrs. Ford continued that she
felt money was very important to running the school system.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Shirley Eye came forward and gave her address as P. O. Box 703, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Eye began by challenging the Board of Supervisors to DARE to be their
very best. Mrs. Eye encouraged the Board to trust the school system and reinstate the
funding required to educate our children.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Ms. Cary Clements came forward and stated her address as P. O. Box 613, Appomattox,
Virginia. Ms. Clements explained that she was a new educator who came from a small
school system. Ms. Clements stated that you may save now but you would lose later if
the Board does not support the school budget.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Susan Book came forward and stated her address as 110 Wildwood Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Book stated that she realized that there were a lot of things
that the school system felt we needed in Appomattox. She continued that her largest
investment, outside of her family, was her home and she wanted to see taxes remain
affordable so that she could continue to live in the home that she presently has. Mrs.
Book continued that a lot of people had moved here from New Jersey due to. the low
taxes and she felt other routes should be explored other than higher taxes. Mrs. Book
wants to know where the money that is given to the school system goes. She wants her
children to be well educated. Mrs. Book stated she felt there were smarter ways to meet
the children’s needs other than more money. Mrs. Book stated she does not want to be
burdened with more taxes.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing closed at 6:58 P.M.
PVe2t-Kbe dg o~
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAIRMAN