10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
122
Any authorization herein to execute a document shall include authorization to deliver it to the
other parties thereto and to record such document where appropriate.
All other acts of the officers of the Authority that are in conformity with the purposes and intent of
this resolution and in furtherance of the issuance and sale of the Bond and the undertaking of the
acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Projects is hereby approved, ratified and
confirmed.
The County by acceptance of this financing, to the extent permitted by law, agrees to indemnify,
defend and save harmless, to the extent permitted by law, the Authority, its officers, directors,
employees and agents from and against all liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties,
fines, losses, costs and expenses in any way connected with the Authority, the issuance of the
Bond, or the acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Projects.
Nothing in this Resolution, the Bond, or the Documents shall constitute a debt or a pledge of the
faith and credit of the Authority or the County, and the Authority shall not be obligated to make
any payments under the Bond or the Documents except from payments made by or on behalf of
the County under the lease agreement pursuant to annual appropriation thereof in accordance with
applicable law.
The Authority hereby designates the Bond as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” for the purpose of
Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. The Authority does not reasonably anticipate issuing more than
$10,000,000 in qualified tax exempt obligations during calendar year 2005 and the Authority will
not designate more than $10,000,000 of qualified tax-exempt obligations pursuant to Section
265(b)(3) of the Code during such calendar year.
The Board of Supervisors on behalf of the County designated the Bonds as eligible for the “small
issuer exception” to the rebate requirements of Section 148(f)(2) and (3) of the Code pursuant to
Section 148(f)(D)(vii) of the Code, as the Authority is a subordinate entity of the County under
Section 148(f)(4)(D) of the Code and the County is a governmental unit with general taxing
powers, no bond which is a part of the Bond will be a private activity bond, 95% or more of the
net proceeds of the Bond are to be used for local governmental activities of the Authority and the
County, and the aggregate face amount of all tax-exempt bonds, excluding private activity bonds