7
4. Land Use Taxation Assessment: After receiving public comments on March
15, 2007 from citizens concerning land use taxation assessment, does the Board
wish to proceed with this matter by drafting an ordinance or is there any other
action that the Board would like to take.
Mr. Moore stated he had talked to several people recently that live in areas that have
land use taxation and they have stated that without land use taxation, they could no
longer be financially able to own their property.
Mr. Overstreet stated that if this issue was to be discussed, he would need to have Mr.
Moore and Mr. Armbrust sign the following declaration:
DECLARATION
Pursuant to Sec, 2.2-3112.A,2
And 2.2-3115 G — Code of Viriginia
I hereby declare that I have a personal interest in the transaction of adopting Land Use taxation in
Appomattox County by virtue of my ownership of real estate in the County which may be eligible for Land
Use, Therefore, I am a member of a group that may be affected by this transaction.
i declare that notwithstanding the above, I am able to participate in this transaction fairly,
objectively, and in the public interest.
Mr. Moore made a motion, to have staff prepare a land use taxation ordinance for
adoption and schedule a public hearing.
Motion died for the lack of a second.
5. NACo Annual Conference & Exposition: Information has been received on
the upcoming NACo Conference to be held in Richmond. If anyone wishes to
attend, please notify Ms. Ferguson so arrangement can be made.
6. Request for Public Hearing: Mr. Roark has requested a public hearing to be
held on June 18, 2007 at 6:15 p.m. for the purpose of amendments to the
telecommunications facility ordinance.
Zoning Ordinance
The following amendments are being made to Article XX-Telecommunications Facility Ordinance:
Amend Text:
Section 170-1 13-Permitted Uses
(A) Co-locations in the following zoning districts: A-1, B-1, M-1, M-2, and A¢-/P provided that the height of the
existing structure is not increased more than 20 feet of its original permitted height.
(Cc) New construction towers that do not exceed 199 feet in height that are proposed for siting in a B-1, M-1, M-
2, and AIP zoning district, provided the site does not border a lot zoned H-1, R-1, R-2, or V-1.
Section 170-114 Conditional Uses
(A) New construction towers that do not exceed 199 fect in height that are proposed for siting in an A-1, B-1, M-
1, M-2, or M-/P zoning district bordering an H-1, R-1, R-2, or V-] district.
(B) New construction towers that exceed 199 feet in height that are proposed for siting in an A-1, B-1, M-1,