423
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Ms. Beasley, aye, Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that two of the light poles at the
ballpark were rotten and need to be replaced. Mrs. Anne Lawson has
received a bid for $7,825.00 to do this work. After discussion the
Board, by consensus, requested that Mrs. Lawson solicit additional bids!
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board with a quote to repair the roof on
the Museum (old Jail Building). After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a
motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to accept this quote for $1800.00 to
repair the roof on the Museum. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that Mrs. Hunt had called to see if
the Board would be interested in purchasing property she owns adjacent
to the School Bus Shop. After discussion, the Board, by consensus,
asked Mrs. Ferguson to thank Mrs. Hunt but they were not interested.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Historical Park for dumpster
service to be provided by the County. After a lengthy discussion, the
Board by consensus, decided not to provide dumpster service for the
Historical Park Service.
Mrs. Ferguson reminded the Board that they needed to provide some names
for appointment to the Industrial Site Review Committee. After
discussion, the Board suggested the following names for review by Town
Council: Walter Edward Hancock, Wayne Lewis, James A. Smith, Doug Webb
and the representative from the Board of Supervisors Philip Paulette.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that there were new regulations governing
underground storage tank liability and that Don Thornhill, the County’s
insurance agent, was willing to come and review options on these
regulations. After discussion, the Board agreed to meet with Mr.
Thornhill at 6:30 P.M. on Monday, May 9, 1994.
Being no further business the meeting was recessed at 11:07 P.M. until
May 9, 1994 at 6:30 P.M.
—
——
Chairman
A recessed meeting and budget work session of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors was held on May 9, 1994 at 6:30 P.M. in the Board
meeting room, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.
th
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman —- Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District (7:00 P.M.)
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District (7:00 P.M.)