591
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to direct the Schoo]
Board to leave the football stadium and baseball field at the Middle
School intact. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that construction at
the Middle School be done on the property the School Board presently
owns. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
to adjourn at 9:37 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisor’s was
held on April 3, 1995 at 6:30 P.M. in the School Board Conference Room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Absent:
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer - ) Virginia Department
Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer- ) of Transportation
Robert Brown - Contract Administrator - )
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 6:30 P.M. and explained
that this was the annual Secondary Road public hearing. Mr. Paulette
then asked Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer to present the
Secondary Improvement Budget Priority List.
Mr. Austin explained the purpose of the hearing was to present the
proposed priority list for ’95-’96 secondary improvement budget and
also to accept request for new additions and improvements.
Mr. Austin explained that the improvement budget for ‘95-'96 was based
on the current six-year plan revised in December 1993. Mr. Austin