393
Mr. Carter stated that Mrs. Annie Trent, and Ms. Brenda Bradley are the representatives
of the Carver-Price Alumni Association. Mrs. Ray will be liaison between the committee
and CVCC as per the committee’s request.
His next concern is in regard to Route 611 between Rt. 611 and Rt. 720. On the road
naming requirements, if there are three (3) houses or more on a road, it would be named.
This is the old Routen Farm Road which already has four (4) houses and another one
under construction. This is not a “road name change” this is an addition, as this was
overlooked in the original naming process. They would like to have this road named
“Routen Farm Road”. This is a private road.
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding the “Tobacco” grant money. Has any of this
money been spent on the Carver Price School.
Mr. Carroll explained what these funds have been allocated for.
Mr. Kendrick has a concern regarding the article in the Times-Virginian recently which
quoted him as saying “if the Board has a problem with the Tourism Director getting
along with the County Administrator, then we need to get rid of the County
Administrator”. This statement was taken out of context and was not really what he had
stated. He also read from the minutes of the meeting in which this statement was made.
He does not want it said or implied that he in any way wanted to get rid of the
Administrator, this was not his intent. He was saying that within an organization if you
have a problem with someone in the organization, you remove the person as opposed to
destroying or going around the organization, because organizations are sort of precious
things. If you have the right people in them, they should work properly. He did not
mean anything negative to either the Tourism Director or the County Administrator.
He has had questions asked as to why he wants to get rid of the Administrator. He does
not want to get rid of the Administrator. He has been one of the strongest supporters of
the Administrator because he felt like that Appomattox needed to make some changes.
To make changes you have to have a strong Administrator. He is not always going to be
popular, much of the time he will not be popular at all. In order to make changes you
have to have someone to lead and our Administrator has done a good job of leading us,
and helping us. He is a very good man and I don’t want anyone thinking that I want to
get rid of him.
Mr. Carter stated he felt they had a very positive report from Mrs. Rockefeller regarding
ground water samples.
Mr. Carter also commented about the newly elected President of the Appomattox
Chamber of Commerce, Penny Taylor. The Board needs to send a letter of
congratulations on her election and offer our help in any way we can.