approval, copies having been transmitted to members of the
Board prior to the meeting.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley it was
resolved to dispense with reading of these minutes. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson called for corrections, comments, and/or
questions on any or all of the minutes. Mr. Carwile pointed
out his motion at the July 13, 1992 meeting was to "rescind"
his motion of July 29, 1992 regarding the COBRA health
insurance extension and not to "recant" as the minutes were
written. Also, Mr. Carwile noted the minutes from the June
29, 1992 meeting recorded his vote as aye to Mr. Torrence’s
motion to proceed with the design of the new section of the
Landfill and that his vote actually was nay on this motion.
Mr. Torrence recalled his motion at the July 13, 1992 meeting
regarding hiring an extension agent was to hire the
Agriculture Agent in January of 1993 and hire a replacement
for Shirley Walton as soon as_ possible. No salary for the
Agriculture Agent was included in his motion as the minutes
stated.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve
the minutes of the Board’s meetings of June 29, 1992 and July
13, 1992 and of the Public Hearing of July 7, 1992 as
corrected. The corrections being:
1. Mr. Carwile’s motion of July 29, 1992 was to
"rescind his motion of July 29, 1992 limiting the time former
employees may remain in the County’s group health insurance
plan to the minimum time required by COBRA"
2. Mr. Carwile’s vote at the June 29, 1992 meeting on
the motion of Mr. Torrence "to authorize Hurt and Proffitt to
proceed with design plans for the new section of the Landfill
and to write Mr. Woodfin- of Division of Waste Management
stating our understanding of the procedure to be followed
asking him to notify us of any exceptions he takes" was nay.
3. Mr. Torrence motion at the July 13, 1992 meeting was
to "reject the proposal by the Extension Service and adhere
to the FY93 budget as approved, i.e. hire an Agriculture
Agent January 1, 1993 and hire a replacement now for Shirley
Walton". The salary for the Agriculture Agent was not
included in the motion.
Mr. Jamerson then called on Mr. Don Austin, Assistant
Resident Engineer for Appomattox Residency Virginia
Department of Transportation. Mr. Austin informed the Board
Mr. W. Kirk Dance has requested a portion of Route 721 (from
0.03 miles west of the intersection with route 721 a distance
of 0.67 miles) be abandoned. Mr. Austin confirmed Mr. Dance
owns all property which this portion of road serves. The
procedure for such an abandonment was reviewed and discussed.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion to support the abandonment of this
section of highway. The motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Jamerson then called on Mr. Charlie Peterson the Landfill
021