071
he was concerned with the needs assessment. Mr. Carwile continued that his concern is
with the burden on the taxpayers. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to explain his
position concerning renovation versus new in general. Mr. Carwile continued that in the
past that anytime that renovation was approximately 80% the cost of new construction he
would go for new construction. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not feel that in this
case renovation had a fair shake in the cost comparison with the new construction. Mr.
Carwile continued that he would vote on this issue with an open mind and that was why
he had been instrumental with the Board in getting this decision down the road in order to
get whatever information was necessary to do the right thing by the people that have to
pay for it.
Mr. Carwile then asked Mr. Dallas Summers if he had any questions?
Mr. Summers stated that he did not have questions that had not already been asked by
someone else.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Moore for his questions.
Mr. Moore began that he was not going to speak long. Mr. Moore stated that he had a
problem with the cost of the renovation. Mr. Moore continued that he has been through
the building numerous times and that he had seen nothing that could not be fixed. Mr.
Moore stated that he was not totally for renovation but he felt that it should be considered
because the building was in good enough shape to renovate. Mr. Moore explained that
his real concern was what was going to be done with the present facility if a new school
were constructed. Mr. Moore said that he would not vote for a new school unless
someone could convince him that the present building could be used for a useful purpose
and that it would not be a burden on the taxpayers.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Schmutz if he had anything to add?
Mr. Schmutz began that Mr. Moore had taken the words right out of his mouth. Mr.
Schmutz continued that as a taxpayer that was his main concern. Mr. Schmutz stated that
he was not sure that using the present facility was the right move.
Mr. Bosiger thanked everyone for their comments and stated that his major concern was
the use of the present facility and the impact on future budgets. Mr. Bosiger continued
that he would like for the requirements of the school administration to be met. Mr.
Bosiger gave some projections as to what he felt the tax rate would have to increase in
order to take care of the school project. Mr. Bosiger in closing stated that he wanted the
Board to make sure the taxpayer money was spent properly and wisely.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Robert Pankey for his comments.
Mr. Pankey stated that he felt the cost figures were hard to understand. Mr. Pankey
questioned the figures for renovation. Mr. Pankey continued that he had not been in the
school in a long time but he still felt the estimates looked unusual.