212
WHEREAS, HB 1397 (Hull) amends Sections 15.2-204 and 15.2-1200 of the Code of
Virginia to grant counties the same powers of taxation as cities and towns; and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors supports HB 1397 and urges its General Assembly delegation to support HB
1397 in the 2003 General Assembly.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Dry Well Program: At the last meeting the Board approved Lyn-Cag as the sub-
recipient for this program. A public hearing is necessary to receive comments on the
requirements to meet the state guidelines for operating this program. Staff has been
informed that this does not have to be held in conjunction with a regular Board
Meeting.
After some discussion Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to set the
Public Hearing for the Dry Well Program for either February 5" or February 10".
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Temporary Courthouse: Judge Blanton has toured the old Appomattox Elementary
School building and has approved the use of the cafeteria area and adjacent rooms for
use as a temporary courthouse during the courthouse construction process. Mr.
Carroll met with the School Board on January 16" to request their approval.
Mr. Carroll stated he had attended the School Board meeting on January 16". The
School Board authorized the Superintendent to execute an agreement with the Board of
Supervisors for the use of the cafeteria and the gym as well, for use as a temporary
courthouse facility and by the AYS for recreational purposes. Dr. Krug’s letter outlines
very well what the agreement would contain.
Mr. Carwile stated that he personally did not feel the School Board had lived up to their
agreement of turning the old Elementary School property over to the county after the
new building was completed.
Other members stated their disappointment of the School Board’s actions regarding this
property.
There was some discussion regarding what the School Board intends to do with this
property and the fact that they continue to own the building.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to have Mr. Carter and Mr.
Kendrick meet with the School Board to discuss this situation. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)