200
Mr. Carter then called Mr. Fred Kruschwitz, of the Appomattox County Community Park
Committee to address the Board. Also present representing this committee were Mr.
Gary Gilliam and Mr. Joel Miessner.
Mr. Kruschwitz stated the bids had been received for the first phase of construction on
the park project. Two (2) bids had been received and were opened on Friday, January 3,
2003: Pearson Construction for $97,595.00 (including performance bond)
D. S. Nash Construction for $65,745.00 (including a $800.00 performance bond)
Mr. Kruschwitz does not feel a performance bond is necessary. They were very pleased
with the bid from D. S. Nash Construction Company. He feels that Mr. Nash is basically
providing this job at near cost. He is recommending the Board accept this bid of
$65,745.00 from D. S. Nash Construction Company, minus the $800.00 performance
bond. The committee will be responsible for getting a permit from another state agency,
pay for silt fencing, stone, and also seeding, etc. They estimate this will cost an
additional $5,000.00 for starters.
There was some discussion from the Board members concerning the performance bond
since they were dealing with a local contractor. Mr. Carwile questioned the time frame
involved. He also suggested that the reins be kept tight because we are dealing with the
taxpayers money.
Mr. Kruschwitz stated his only concern was rock. They have done some hand borings
and he does not see this as a problem. There may be some smaller rock they would not
want to leave on the surface; therefore, there may be some overcutting and taking of soil
from other areas to be used as fill in.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Kruschwitz and the Committee for their presentation.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to authorize the County
Administrator to execute a contract to D. S. Nash Construction to perform this work.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to enter into a closed session in accordance with §2.2-
3711 A.5 and §2.2-3711 A.7 for the purpose of discussion on a prospective business
location and legal matters, respectively.
At 6:58 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into a closed
session in accordance with §2.2 — 3711 A.5 of the Code of Virginia — Prospective
Business and §2.2 — 3711 A.7 of the Code of Virginia — legal matters, i.e. FOIA and
Biosolids. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 9:09 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)