562
At 6:58 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess until after the 7:00 p.m. Public Hearing.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting of the Board of Supervisors.
5. VACo/VML Legislative Day: Fach year a delegation from the County attends
Legislative Day in Richmond. This year the date for this session is February 1,
2007. Delegate Abbitt is unable to have dinner with us due to a standing
commitment with another locality.
Anyone wishing to attend, please notify Ms. Ferguson prior to the cut off date —
January 24, 2007.
Mr. Craft, and Mr. Spencer will be attending. Mr. Conrad may also be attending.
6. Appomattox County Waterline Upgrades Commitment: Representatives
from Appomattox and Campbell counties and the Campbell County Utilities
Service Authority have met and worked on the details for the waterline from
Rustburg to Concord. Appomattox County will need to adopt the following
resolution committing to paying Campbell County our part for the engineering
and construction upgrades of this line.
Mr. Overstreet explained that there were a couple of changes. For the engineering study
we took the cost of the whole project and put approximately what our cost would be,
the cost to Campbell County due to our participation and we did a percentage. We
figured this would be the cost of the engineering that we would bear and he thought
this would be the cost for the actual construction. However, there is a discreet amount
for the construction that will be our responsibility. We will use the percentage for the
engineering costs only.
Also in the second WHEREAS, where it stated the fair fractional cost of the engineering...
we need to delete “as well as the cost of construction”.
After addressing the changes necessary, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr.
Moore, to adopt the following resolution with Campbell County Utilities Service Authority
(CCUSA).
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, by the terms of a certain Resolution dated October 2, 2006 this Board made a commitment to
secure its future water needs by purchasing water from the Campbell County Utilities Service Authority (“CCUSA”)
and requested that those needs be included in the design for the construction of a new waterline by the CCUSA from
Rustburg to Concord as shown in the “Concord/Appomattox Water Analysis” prepared by Draper Aden dated January
16, 2005 and revised on May 18, 2006.
WHEREAS, the fair fractional cost of the engineering for said design for Appomattox to bear would be 11% ,
and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby agrees
to be responsible for the fractional amount of 11% of the cost of said engineering design, not to exceed the sum of
$50,000.00 without further authorization of this Board, and responsible for the cost of said construction not to exceed
the sum of $400,000.00 without further authorization of this Board and authorizes the County Administrator to execute
a Memorandum of Understand to that effect.