519
moratorium, the minutes of the joint meetings of October 5, 1998 be approved; the
minutes of the joint meeting of October 6, 1998 be approved; the minutes of the work
session of October 6, 1998 be approved; the minutes of a Special Meeting of October 12,
1998 be approved; the minutes of the regular meeting of October 19, 1998 be approved;
and a joint work session of October 26, 1998 be approved.
Mr. Carwile stated that this was fine with him.
Mr. Bosiger called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called Ms. Sandra Lindsey, VDOT Resident Engineer, to appear before
the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began that she did not have any information for the Board but was there to
answer any concerns.
Mr. Torrence asked if on Route 627, down next to the Doss farm where VDOT put in a
culvert in place of a bridge, were there plans to put up guardrails on the approaches to
this culvert?
Ms. Lindsay stated that she would look into this and report back to the Board.
Mr. Carwile asked about required road width in order to have markings, centerline and
along the edges of the pavement. Mr. Carwile stated that he had asked this question
before and did not remember getting an answer.
Ms.Lindsay stated that she had never given Mr. Carwile this information in writing, but it
basically took a minimum of a 20’ pavement for centerline markings and a 22’ pavement
width for road edge markings. Ms. Lindsay continued that this was with the approval of
traffic engineering.
Mr. Bosiger asked for information on the Main Street railroad crossing.
Ms. Lindsay stated that the tracks should be moved by the end of the year. Ms. Lindsay
continued that new signage had been installed in order to try to help alleviate the
problem.
Mr. Torrence asked if Route 634 would have centerline markings?
Ms. Lindsay stated that she would check with traffic engineering.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay and called for Supervisor concerns.