114
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve for Mr. Mays and a
deputy to attend the Commissioners of the Revenue Association annual meeting at an
approximate cost of $850.00. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mrs. Ferguson had researched the paper work involved
in offering the tax deferred purchase of prior service from Virginia Retirement System
and had found that there was not an excessive amount of paperwork involved.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox desires to provide its employees with tax
deferral pursuant to 410 (h) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to their member
contributions to the Virginia Retirement System, the State Police Officers Retirement
System and the Judicial Retirement System (collectively referred to as VRS) for the
permissible purchase of past service credit by picking up member contributions to the
VRS; and
WHEREAS, the pick up is authorized under Virginia Code Sections 51.1-142.I and 51.1-143.C;
WHEREAS the VRS keeps track of such picked up member contributions, and is prepared to
treat such contributions as employee contributions for all purpose of VRS;
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED that effective the first pay day on or after the
later of October 4, 1999 or the date the member executes a binding and irrevocable salary
reduction election relating to the past service permitted to be purchased, the County of
Appomattox shall pick up all or a portion of the member contributions of its employees to VRS
based on the terms of the salary reduction election, and such contributions shall be treated as
employer contributions in determining tax treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of the
United States; and it is further
RESOLVED, the binding salary reduction election to be executed by the member shall include
the following: (1) the beginning and ending date of the election, (2) the amount of the salary
reduction of a pay period by pay period basis, (3) the total amount of contribution expected to be
involved, (4) a statement that the member may not receive the contributed amounts instead of
having them paid by the County of Appomattox to the VRS, and (5) an agreement that the
member will not purchase the service credit through a lump sum payment during the period in
which the salary reduction election is in effect, and it is further
RESOLVED, the member may revoke the salary reduction election only in the event of an
unforeseeable emergency as that phrase is used and defined in IRC Section 457 and Treasury
Regulation Section 1.457.2(h)(4) and if such a revocation is made, the member may not make a
new salary reduction election during his period of employment, and it is further
RESOLVED that such contributions, although designated as member contributions are to be
made by Appomattox County in lieu of member contributions; and it is further
RESOLVED that pick up member contributions shall be paid from the same source of funds as
used in paying the wages to affected employees; and it is further