268
specific dollar amount to be offset against the total taxes that would otherwise be
due but for PPTRA and the reporting of such specific dollar relief on the tax bill.
(B) The Board shall by ordinance set the rate of tax relief at such a level that it is
anticipated fully to exhaust PPTRA relief funds provided to the County by the
Commonwealth. Any amount of PPTRA relief not used within the County's
fiscal year shall be carried forward and used to increase the funds available for
personal property tax relief in the following fiscal year.
(C) _ Personal property tax bills shall set forth on their face the specific
dollar amount of relief credited with respect to each qualifying vehicle, together
with an explanation of the general manner in which relief is allocated.
3) Allocation of Relief among Taxpayers.
(A) Allocation of PPTRA relief shall be provided in accordance with the general
provisions of this section, as implemented by the specific provision of the
County's annual budget relating to PPTRA relief.
(B) _ Relief shall be allocated in such a manner as to eliminate personal property
taxation on each qualifying vehicle with an assed value of $500.00 or less.
(C) Relief with respect to qualifying vehicles with assessed values of more than
$500.00 shall be provided at a rate annually fixed in the County budget and
applied to the first $20,000.00 in value ($10,000.00 assessed value) of each such
qualifying vehicle, that is estimated fully to use all available state PPTRA relief.
The rate shall be established annually as a part of the adopted budget for the
County.
4) Transitional Provision.
(A) _ Pursuant to authority conferred in Item 503D of the 2005
Appropriations Act, the County Treasurer is authorized to issue a supplemental
personal property tax bill, in the amount of 100 per cent of tax due without regard
to any former entitlement to state PPTRA relief, plus applicable penalties and
interest, to any taxpayer whose taxes with respect to a qualifying vehicle for tax
year 2005 or any prior tax year remain unpaid on September 1, 2006 or such date
as state funds for reimbursement of the state share of such bill have become
available, whichever earlier occurs.
(B) Penalty and interest with respect to bills issued pursuant to subsection (a) of this
section shall be computed on the entire amount of tax owed. Interest shall be
computed at the rate provided in the Appomattox County Code from the original due
date of the tax.
AND
ORDINANCE OR ASSESSMENT OF NEW, SUBSTANTIALLY COMPLETED