ee
88
Amend Section 170-34-Conditional Uses, Agricultural District, A-I |
Add Automotive Repair Garages, Mechanical and Body Shops to the list of
conditional uses.
Add to the list of conditional uses: Storage of Sewage Sludge, expressly subject to
the requirements of the Appomattox County Code Chapter 140-Land Application
of Biosolids and ยง32.1-164.5 et seq. and ยง62.1-44.19:3 et seq. of the Code of
Virginia (1950) as amended, and such other applicable County, Federal , and
State statutes, ordinances, and regulations as may be adopted from time to time.
However, a conditional use permit shall not be required to begin the storage of
sewage sludge on property in an A-1 zoning district as long as such sewage
Sludge is being stored (a) solely for land application on the farm on which the
storage facility is located and (b) for a period no longer than forty-five (45) days.
Below you will find a proposed amendment to the Land Application of Biosolids
Ordinance. The amendment is in conjunction with the proposed amendment to
the zoning ordinance and is a result of legislation passed by the General
Assembly. The amendment is as follows: (amended text is in italics)
The origin of this request was through an act by the General Assembly this past year
enabling the localities to have some minor local control over these activities and this is
to prevent the farmers from having to get a Conditional Use Permit if they are going to a U
apply biosolids to their own property within forty-five days. This deals with Nutra-Blend
coming in to a farm and storing loads and loads of sludge to be placed elsewhere in the
County. This type of storage will need to have a Conditional Use Permit.
Amend Chapter 140, Article 6 Notice & Requirements for Land Application
of Biosolids
Add Text:
F. Storage of Sewage Sludge
a. The applicant shall store the sewage sludge pursuant to all
applicable County, State, and Federal statutes, ordinances, and
regulations. No person shall apply to the State Health
Commissioner or the Virginia Department of Environmental
Quality for a permit, variance, or a permit modification
authorizing such storage without first complying with all
requirements adopted pursuant to ยง32.1-164.5 et seq. and ยง62.1-
44.19:3 et seq., Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended and such
other applicable County, State, and Federal statutes, ordinances,
and regulations as may be adopted from time to time. In
particular, beginning July 1, 2007, no application for a permit or
variance to authorize the storage of sewage sludge in the County
shall be complete unless it contains a certification from the Board
of Supervisors ofAppomattox County that the site for storage of