980
Mr. Paulette read a letter from Joel C. Plath, Regional Director,
Virginia Cooperative Extension Service, asking for comments concerning
job performance of extension personnel.
No comments were received.
Mr. Paulette informed the Board of a meeting April 28, 1995 at 10:00
A.M. with Dr. Bill Allen, Director of Virginia Cooperative Extension,
to receive local input into the future of Virginia Cooperative
Extension.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would be attending this meeting.
Mr. Paulette presented information on the funding for the Blue Ridge
Regional Jail and also information on the Retirement Benefits.
Mr. Paulette presented information on the restructuring of the
Community Diversion Incentive Program.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that several groups were interested in handling
this program for the County and she would recommend that we receive
more information prior to making a decision in this matter.
Mr. Paulette presented a request for the Board to pay convention
expenses for Mr. Lawson to attend the Commonwealth Attorney’s
convention.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay expenses for
Commonwealth Attorney’s convention for Mr. Lawson. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette informed the other Board members of the opening day
ceremonies for the Route of Lee’s Retreat. All members plan to attend.
Mr. Paulette also notified the other Board members that Alison Taylor
White, editor of the Virginia Review, will be in Appomattox on March
17th to do an article on the Town, if any Board members were interested
in meeting with her.
Mr. Paulette next presented the Board with a sketch of the proposed
"super site" on Route 622.
After review, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to proceed with this site.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had any comments on the ordinance for
election of School Board members?
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to adopt the ordinance, "Election of School Board Members Ordinance",
as presented at the public hearing, effective today. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.