344
Mr. K endrick made a motion that the new position be classified as Director o f Parks,
Recreation & Tourism — Grade 23 with a salary range of $37,921 to $52,809. Mr.
Hancock seconded the motion.
Discussion centered around the compensation. The salary for this individual will be
decided by the Board in closed session.
There was some discussion regarding the structure of this position and would this
individual answer to the Board with a dotted-line to the County Administrator or leave
the structure as is — meaning reporting directly to the County Administrator. If the Board
wishes to change the structure, then an exception to the personnel policy will need to be
enacted and the Position Description will have to be re-written. If this position answers
directly to the Board, then they will personally be liable for any inappropriate issue taken.
According to the current Personnel Policy, the County Administrator is a buffer for the
Board in these instances.
Mr. Carwile stated he would like to have this person report to the Board with the County
Administrator only acting in an advisory capacity and handling of other administrative
functions.
Mr. Moore questioned why this position should be any different than any other county
position. The department head would still be able to come to the Board directly at any
time they wished to do so. He is opposed to this position being handled any differently
than the others.
Mr. Carroll stated that the Board needed to look at the structure of the position, not the
personalities of the Tourism Director or the County Administrator. These things change.
The decision should be the structure of what best suits what the Board is looking for.
Mr. Carter stated that in a limited amount of words, I would say that the county has
embarked upon a situation that has been lingering out there forever. We have had a
committee here, a committee there, we have done this and that, and the other trying to
enhance the tourism dollars. We have not done this, right, wrong or indifferent. The
Board took the action to embrace this. Meaning for the first time a Board of Supervisors
has gotten together and said “We are going to make tourism number one. We are going
to take the bull by the horns and run with it”. This is the first time this has ever
happened. In order to make this happen the Board also said that we are going to take the
full responsibility for this. In taking the full responsibility for this, requires a lot of
changes. Things that have been the same in the past, will have to be changed in the future
in order to, from the Board’s point of view, move forward with this endeavor. This is
where I am coming from — full responsibility.
Mr. Carwile stated that this is where he is coming from too — full responsibility.