244
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
petition.
Mr. Winfred Nash rose from the audience and asked to speak. Mr. Nash
began by explaining that he lived in the Southside District across fr
the property of Mr. Carwile. Mr. Nash is opposed to the property bei
rezoned and also to the Variance. He stated that if a variance wa
granted each lot would be approximately 118’ across the front, whidl
would allow three (3) doublewides to be installed on the lots. Thi
would give approximately 60’ between the three houses. Mr. Nash ha
observed other developments of this nature and is convinced that th
Community would eventrally deteriorate if this development wa
allowed. Continuing Mr. Nash stated that he felt it unlikely that lots
of this size would develop into nice home sites. He felt it would eng
up as rental property or subsidized housing. Mr. Nash also stated tha
he felt the intent of the Zoning Ordinance was not to "spot zone" anc
that’s what this would be. Mr. Nash thanked the Board for thei
attention.
TSA SY
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from anyone else concerning this petition.
Mr. Raymond Mullins rose to speak. Mr. Mullins agreed with Mr. Nash
and was opposed to both the Rezoneing Request and the Variance request|
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Cecil Nash approached the speakers stand. He told the Board tha
he lived in Falling River District and that he agreed with Mr. Winfred
Nash and Mr. Mullins. He is here to express his opposition to th
Rezoning Request and the Variance Request of Mr. Jeff Carwile. My
Nash considers this request to be "spot zoning" and he is not in favor
of "spot zoning". Mr. Nash thanked the Board for listening.
Or ct
Mr. Jeff Carwile spoke next. Mr. Carwile explained that his inetent i
to divide the lot into three (3) sections, each section containing 1.6
acres, each lot would be 580’ deep. This would allow for the 3 ha
to be staggared instead of a side by side arrangement. His purpose it
dividing the lot was so that he could sell them. If Mr. Carwile is no
allowed his request he explained he would have to put the maxi
number of units on the lot to maximize his return. Mr. Carwile thanked
the Board for their attention.
OVts
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from anyone else concerning this petition
earing no comments, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #93-200 of Vincent and Susan Capobiancd
Mr. & Mrs. Capobianco are seeking to Rezone a 30.33 acre parcel from
R-1 to A-1. The property is located 0.4 mile off Route 669 between
Route 608 and Route 608.
Mr. Jamerson asked for comments from anyone concerning this petition.