65
Mr. Conrad stated he thought that based on the problems we have at some of the
dumpster sites with trash being thrown here and there and everywhere, that we would
like to go with the manned sites certainly to stop the amount of trash that is thrown
everywhere and certainly encourage recycling more which will be mandated more and
more in the future. Based on looking at the map, he is going to support Mr. Craft on
this because if you remove the 620 site, as well as the Hixburg site, he does not feel we
would be doing the citizens in that area justice. He thinks that in the long haul with
manning the sites, it will cost us some money with the less costs being transporting
trash.
Mr. Carter stated that from the discussion from a couple of weeks ago, it would cause
some hardship on people in the Pamplin/Hixburg area as they would have to travel
further to a dumpster site.
Ms. Ferguson said she, Ms. Rockefeller and Mr. Craft have discussed the Route 620 site
and if we could get a little bit more area, it might work better. There will be more cost
involved in getting this site ready than some of the other sites. Ms. Rockefeller will
begin looking more closely on how to handle this site.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, to close two (2) dumpster sites -
Hixburg (Route 618) and Ida Campbell's site (Routes 667 & 668). ROLL CALL VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter called for further discussion. Mr. Craft said originally he would have lost two
(2) sites in his district, Route 620 and Hixburg. Under the new plan, he would only be
losing one — Hixburg.
Mr. Armbrust stated that the Route 667 & 668 site was the one they had discussed
previously. He also thinks we need to look at the fact that there are a lot of elderly
citizens that would have to drive four miles further and have to cross Route 460. He
would like to see a manned site available to this area prior to the closing of this site.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that with the manned sites, there would be four miles further to
drive, but also there would be personnel there to assist these elderly citizens with their
trash.
Mr. Carter stated that the motion had been duly made and seconded and called for a roll
call vote. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to provide six (6) manned dumpster
sites. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2 Revision to Ordinance on Courthouse Security Conviction Fees: On
August 6, 2007, a public hearing was held to add Juvenile and Domestic
Relations Court to Article XVII Section 147-64 of the County Code concerning the