Ww
NO
Co
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Goldsmith and called on Mr. Ed Berry,
casemanager with Piedmont ASAP, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Berry began by explaining how the Court Community Corrections Program came
about. Mr. Berry continued that the Court Community Corrections Program was totally
offender funded, there were no State, Federal or Local dollars going into this program.
Mr. Berry also gave statistics on the number of offenders served. In closing Mr. Berry
thanked the Board of Supervisors for their support.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Berry.
Mr. Paulette next called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Torrence began by stating that since it was the County’s responsibility to procure
right-of-way for the “Frog Bottom” road; he felt the County should pay to have the
survey done for Mr. Davis, so that he would know what he would be donating to the
county.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to hire Mr. Bill Dickerson to survey Mr.
Davis’ line at an approximate cost of $300.00 to $1000.00.
Mr. Paulette called for a second.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette stated the motion died for a lack of a second.
Mr. Paulette called for other concerns.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt that the Board had not come to a successful resolution with
the Sheriff on the funding of a new deputy position and that maybe the Board had been to
hasty in making a decision. Mr. Bosiger continued that he felt in light of the capital
projects facing the County, maybe this new position should be looked at again in the
budget process.
Mr. Moore stated he would like to make a motion to rescind the motion to hire the new
deputy until further study could be given to this issue. Mr. Bosiger seconded the motion.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mr. Moore’s motion was to rescind the motion in it’s entirety or
only the amendment concerning the salary for the new deputy position until further study
could be done.
Mr. Moore stated his motion was to rescind all action taken on the new deputy position
until further study could be done.