Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Old Elementary School Committee: This item was tabled from the last meeting. Mr.
Carroll has drawn up a narrative that may give some guidance to the committee regarding
the future use of the school. The Board also needs to determine the committee structure
and appointees.
There was some discussion with Mr. Carwile complimenting Mr. Carroll on a job well done in
developing this document. The only thing he would like to add may be the possibility of moving
the historic portion of this building to another location.
Mr. Carter feels the need to hear from the School Board before taking any further action.
Further discussion centered around the size of the committee and the status of the Citizen’s
Forum
After discussion, the Board by consensus decided to contact the School Board regarding its
intentions regarding the building before the establishment of this committee.
CONSENT AGENDA:
Mr. Kendrick next called for comments on the Consent Agenda.
5. Approval of Minutes: Approve minutes of the January 8, 2001 Public Hearing, not
approved previously.
6. Approval of Bills: Approve bills presented for payment.
BOARD ACTIONS:
7. Dominion Power Contract: VACo and VML have negotiated a contract with Dominion
Power on behalf of Virginia municipalities and Counties which will expire June 30, 2007.
This contract will only affect electric services provided by Dominion Power. (The County
also has services provided by Central Virginia and Southside electric cooperatives.)
8. Clerk of the Courts Office: Three quotes have been received for painting the Clerk of
the Courts Office. Courthouse Maintenance fund money has been budgeted for this.
9. Stonewall Vineyards Festival Permit: Stonewall Vineyards has submitted a permit
application including fees for a festival to be held on September 10,2001. They are also
requesting that the bond requirement be waived.
10. | Appomattox Chamber of Commerce: The Chamber has requested use of Courtland
Field on October 23", 2001 for a circus. The Chamber has asked that the Board waive the
$100.00 a day fee as proceeds from this event will be used to promote tourism.
11. Job Descriptions: Maximus has submitted the job descriptions developed for the
County. The job descriptions will be used as the basis for performance evaluations and
for interviewing new hires.