14
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next asked the members of the Board if November 20, 1999 was convenient
for a joint meeting with the Town Council? Mr. Bosiger stated that he had a conflict on
the 20 and would like to see an alternate date chosen.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to meet with the Town
Council on November 6" at 7:30 A.M. at the Town Office.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board if they wished to do an add on to the bid for roof
replacement at the County Administration building to replace the present roof with a
sloping roof? Mr. Bosiger explained that the estimated cost for this change was
$10,000.00.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to stay with the roof
replacement as originally bid. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that there were several supplemental appropriation requests that
needed action.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $2500.00 to the
Commissioner of Revenue’s FY2000 budget to replace a microfilm reader. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $79.21 to 3102-1002
for reimbursement received. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $2000.00 from the
Special Library fund, and $500.00 from the Summer Reading program, and $48.00 for
reimbursement received to 7301-5411. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger stated that there were two part-time positions vacant at the landfill and asked
if the Board wished to interview for these positions or if they wished for Mrs. Ferguson
to go ahead and hire the most qualified?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to
proceed with filling these two vacant positions.
Mr. Bosiger next asked if anyone had a suggestion for an appointment to America’s
Promise Steering Committee.
This item was held over until the November 1, 1999 meeting.