O47
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the minutes
of the recessed meeting of December 28, 1995; and the Organizational
Meeting of January 2, 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next informed the other Board members that Dr. Harris,
Lisa O’Brien and Kitty Farris would not be appearing at the February
meeting but would meet with the Board in March, 1996.
Mr. Paulette then asked the other members of the Board if they wished
to take any action from the public hearing that was held at 6:30 P.M.
just prior to the Board meeting.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to transfer the
parcel of property located on Route 460 containing .016 acres to James
A. Nolen and Ann Paige Nolen with the understanding he will comply with
School Board request not to block site distance; also transfer the
parcel located on Route 615 to Arrabelle McCoy with no money being
exchanged. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by saying the speed limit signs on Route 24, at Vera
had been installed. Ms. Lindsay continued that the traffic engineer
had made a suggestion concerning the entrance to the "Super Site". Ms
Lindsay stated she would check into this and get back with the Board.
Ms. Lindsay stated the only other business she had was the Revenue
Sharing grant application. Ms. Lindsay explained this grant required
matching funds and if the Board wished to apply, the deadline was March
22, 1996. Ms. Lindsay continued with a brief explanation of how the
Revenue Sharing funds could be used.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay and called for Supervisor
Concerns.
Mr. Moore explained that a citizen had questioned the cost of a
concealed weapons permit in Appomattox County being $50.00, when other
localities were charging from $10.00 to $25.00.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that $50.00 was the maximum the Code of
Virginia would allow to be charged and the Circuit Court Judge sets the
fee.
Mr. Carwile addressed the other members of the Board and stated that
with the budget process beginning he would like to request that each
one be conscientious to search for "waste in the stream".