284
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone else wished to speak. Having no other
comments, the meeting was turned back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:03 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Planning Commission Public Hearing
and called for a recess until 7:15 p.m.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and called for the Public
Hearing on the Proposed F Y 04 Budget. The Board has scheduled a
public hearing in order to receive comments on the proposed County
budget for fiscal year 2004.
Mr. Carter called Mr. Bill Burke to address the Board.
Mr. Burke began by stating he was there as a businessman/citizen of the
County and as a County and Town taxpayer and a proud member of the
Appomattox “COUNTY” Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber consists
of all volunteer county and town businesses joined together to promote
their businesses in the County and Town of Appomattox. He is asking
that you don’t even consider cutting out the $13,000 you have been giving
to the Chamber for several years. He also supports the funding of the
additional $12,000 the Chamber has requested this year. Tourism benefits
the County more than the Town. Every dollar spent, generates seven
dollars in additional business. Every business located in town pays taxes
to the County. To attract and hold tourism dollars there has to be a joint
effort between the County, the Town and the Chamber of Commerce. We
are in competition with the surrounding counties and towns and
irresponsible remarks between County and Town government drives a
wedge into good working relationships. Do not let personal vendettas or
personality clashes enter into your decision to support the Appomattox
County Chamber of Commerce. We have an excellent Website, one of the
best he has ever seen. W e have a beautiful Visitors C enter and people
from all 50 states stop by for information on the county. He is in total
disagreement with a statement recently published in the newspaper
regarding the visitors center and its location. He is proud of his County,
his town and the Depot. There has also been a lot of wrong information
circulated between the C ounty officials and the Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Burke concluded by stating we all need to work together and let the
Tourist dollars help reduce the tax bills.
Richard Lewandowski was the next speaker. Mr. Lewandowski serves as
a volunteer on the Chamber of Commerce. He gave the Board a lot of
financial information and cash flow analysis of the Visitor's Center. The
Visitors Center has an income stream of approximately $20,000; $13,000
from the County, $2,000 from town which is allocated for clerical help,