235
Mr. Kendrick explained that the issue was that a lot of this was getting played out in the paper
and there was a lot of excitement involved in it. Mr. Kendrick continued that some of it may
have merit and some may not have any merit. Mr. Kendrick explained that what he was looking
for was a unity between the two Board’s coupled with some citizen input.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Kendrick and stated that Mr. Kendrick was catching his ear. Mr.
Carwile continued that if he was understanding correctly Mr. Kendrick was supporting an
advisory board of the suggested makeup. Mr. Carwile stated that this Board could go out and get
information and bring back to the Board. Mr. Carwile continued that he thought that he
understood Mr. Kendrick and that he understood that the purpose was to get the cross section in
views and the input to let the people know that the Board was serious. Mr. Carwile asked Mr.
Kendrick if the bottom line was to quieten down some of the instilled fears as to what the Board
was going to do. Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Kendrick if this was the bottom line?
Mr. Kendrick answered that the bottom line is that when you have a joint meeting and the next
day you find out in the paper that most of the people at that meeting didn’t get the message that
the Board was really going to build a new elementary school. Mr. Kendrick continued that there
was an awful lot of fear and anxiety that resides in the community and he was looking for a way
to dispel that and he felt that as a Board they were all behind that and he did not want the people
to be upset when the Board was headed in the way that they probably want them to go but the
rumors and lack of trust. Mr. Kendrick stated that he was looking for a group of advisors that
could look into what the concerns are from the schools point of view, basically address the
Board’s concerns with finances and also be able to look at it from a taxpayers point of view. Mr.
Kendrick continued that he was looking for the future needs of education, what facilities do we
need beyond what we have in front of us, what will be needed five years from now? Mr.
Kendrick stated how do we appropriate the monies and how do we play so that we don’t have to
get to this position to where we end up with more on our plate than we are capable of chewing.
Mr. Kendrick stated that was what he was looking for.
Mr. Carwile stated that he could not help but say that he would have to support Mr. Kendrick on
his pregnant idea and to support Mr. Kendrick as the appointment from the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint an educational advisory
committee consisting of one member of the Board of Supervisors, one member from the School
Board and four citizen representatives and that Mr. Kendrick be the appointee from the Board of
Supervisors. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore called for other Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that he did not have a concern but more of a grievance. Mr. Carwile stated
that his grievance was with the Legislative Body in Richmond. Mr. Carwile continued that the
State of Virginia, with the many counties and the many schools, if they were serious in
Richmond, and this would be from the Legislative Body to the ones that are over the schools, to
the cost that it costs the localities in the State that here we are building new schools and the other