673
forward with passing an ordinance now or wait for the reimbursement system to take effect. Ms.
Cosby responded by stating that the reimbursement system will not make the regulations more
stringent, but only allows localities to assist in monitoring. Mr. Carwile then asked whether land
application could be limited to Class A biosolids. Ms. Cosby replied that since the regulations
allow Class B biosolids to be land applied, a county cannot prohibit it. Mr. Carwile added that
localities should be able to impose its own restrictions so long as they are reasonable. Ms. Cosby
said that this is the fine line that exists in this matter— what is “reasonable?” She added that some
jurisdictions are working on ordinances that allow contractors to be charged fees for their own
monitoring programs.
Chairman Kendrick asked whether local monitoring means that the local government would
become an extension of the Virginia Department of Health, and would not enable application of
more stringent regulations. He added that trying to pass an ordinance with stronger regulations
would inevitably result in litigation, and that voicing the county’s opposition to the General
Assembly is the extent of the action that can be taken at this point. Mr. Sefter said that it seems as
though the counties have no authority in regards to this issue. Chairman Sears added that the
more regulations you pass, the greater the likelihood for litigation.
Chairman Kendrick asked what the point of the local ordinance is if it cannot be used to restrict
land application activities. Chairman Sears said the Commission developed an ordinance that
uses restrictions that would be least likely to result in litigation. Mr. Wilson stated that the county
could likely be held liable in the event that they adopted and enforced an ordinance, and an
accident occurred in conjunction with permitted land application. Ms. Cosby noted that this could
theoretically happen but as a practical matter would not occur. Chairman Kendrick asked again
whether there has to be an ordinance if it cannot provide adequate restrictions. Chairman Sears
said that you can tighten up some limited areas, so a local ordinance could be useful.
Mr. Sefter asked if the county could obtain an injunction to prevent all land application until the
county is properly equipped and trained to inspect and monitor biosolids. Chairman Kendrick
also wondered whether we could make reasonable requirements such as mandating soil injection
that would not bar a contractor from land applying. Ms. Cosby replied that the Amelia County
case clearly states that land application can occur in any manner consistent with their state permit,
and that no local regulations can override an activity permitted by the state.
Ms. Cosby then stated that localities should bring their concerns to the VDH public hearing to
come up with changes, but said that VDH does not have to take any of the locality’s
recommendations. She also noted that counties could modify their zoning ordinance by imposing
setbacks and conditions where agricultural uses are by right. Mr. Conner asked whether she
meant setting up an Agricultural-Residential or similar district with more restrictions than the
typical A-1 district, and she replied yes. Vice Chairman O’Brien noted that using the zoning
ordinance could allow applications to be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
Mr. Wilson noted that the best solution may be to find a way to allow only Class A biosolids
because the smell and pathogens are greatly reduced. Mr. Conner said you may be able to use
Chesapeake Bay Act provisions to keep land application away from water. Mr. Sefter asked what