618
L- Legacy: What will the legacy of our children and grand-children be, “IF” we
continue to get deeper and deeper into the inevitable debt an act like this incurs?
They are already burdened with student loans to obtain higher education.
E- Equity/equality: How can YOU gentlemen honestly think you are being
“responsible” and “representing” all of the citizens of Appomattox, when you
consider such a ludicrous program?
The word she has been spelling out for you is “RESPONSIBLE”. Please do not act until
this has been thoroughly investigated by those who have nothing to gain (personally or
financially). It is easier to enact than to re-tract!
Thank you for your time and patience.
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Moore arrived
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess.
At 7:26 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting back to order.
Mr. Ray Wingfield, Route 711, Appomattox, VA: Mr. Wingfield quoted some
figures on some of the things that are grown on our farms. His question is “How can we
with all our calculations, not get any help from the State. He guesses Mr. Mays will have
to do it all. It would be nice to get some help from the State. Virginia Land Use is for
cattle. What can we do to keep the family farm? That is the purpose of being here
tonight. Our county is literally small and we look at our farms not by tax rate but by a
death rate. Our family farmers are dying out and there is no one to take their place.
Most relatives do not want to be farmers, so the family farm is sold but it is not sold to
another average size farmer, it is sold to a large farmer or large land owner. It is he
that splits up the farm for development. We do not have to change our existing tax
market system to remedy this situation. Why “throw the baby out with the bath water”.
We can adopt stricter zoning laws, implement higher inspection fees, and add
development surcharges to developers. If he doesn’t get anything over to you tonight,
he hopes you will understand this. A Land Use program would not discourage a family
farmer from selling his land. But a Land Use program would encourage a large farmer
to buy it. Land Use would create an even greater favorable climate for buying. If this
happens he can see a drop in our standard of living and if we will don’t do something to
curtail the development by the big landowners, we will end up like King & Queen County
which is the poorest county in the State of Virginia and their standard of living reflects
this.
Joy Purcell, 1867 Narrow Passage Road, Appomattox, VA: As a citizen of
Appomattox County and this great land of America, she is here to lend her support to
our farmers. Due to the rise in the cost of farming, we have lost many of our family
farms, becoming more dependent on foreign agriculture, unaware of the conditions in
which they are produced. Farming has been around since the beginning of time. Many
time in God’s word Jesus used the parable of the farmer — reaping what we sow. He is
the vine and we are the branches. Jesus must have considered the farmer very
important and we should not take them for granted. They are educated, hard working,
and honest people. Please consider keeping the lower tax base for the farmer.