493
On Monday March 15, 2004 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting in the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Hall
located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: John K. Spencer — Interim County Administrator
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator Elect
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Setting of the Agenda: Mr. Carter stated he had three (3) items he wished to add to
the agenda for tonight.
Add under Administrative Items:
- #3 — Clarification on State Route 721 and 671 near Stonewall — Abandonment.
- #4- Letter to Legislators on Budget Impact.
- #5 - Reappointment of member to Board of Zoning Appeals.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Comments:
Mr. Wayne Phelps stated he had a couple of things he wanted to bring to the Board's
attention at a time when we are trying to promote tourism. He passed out some
literature.
1. Eldon - This is one of those homes that could be made an excellent tourist
attraction. He passed out a hand-out containing a brief history on this home. It
is his understanding that this home is in escrow at the present time and could be
a golden opportunity for the County to act on this property.
2. The Open House planned by John Wilson of his home “The Nebraska House” .
3. The remodeling of the museum is progressing nicely. They hope to reopen by
the end of the month.
4. He is in possession of seven (7) lights fixtures that came out of the Old Red Oak
Baptist Church building, probably 1930-1940 vintage. He would like to donate
these to the County for use in the Old Courthouse. These would tend to give the
Courtroom a more original look. These fixtures have been appraised at
approximately $150 to $200 each.
Mr. Carter stated this last item should be turned over to the Courthouse Committee for
consideration.
At 6:40 p.m. Mr. Carter called Ms. Anne Dixon, Director of Parks, Recreation and
Tourism to address the Board.
Ms. Dixon began by passing out a report that was not completed in time to be placed in
the Board Book. Ms. Dixon informed the Board that they are in the final stages of