541
Chairman Conrad stated that we are a high schoo! football and we do not need a college set up
for high school sports.
Chairman Conrad stated that education is the number one priority.
Mr. Craft stated that athletics will keep some children in school.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the changes in the school funds would not have to be part of the new
budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that this is something that the Board would supplement in the New
Year back to the school.
Mr. Carter asked if a motion needed to be made to return the $140,000 back to the school and
Ms. Ferguson stated that it should be made in the form of a motion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to return the$140,000 back to the School Boards budget. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr, Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none Chairman
Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, nay; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr, Tanner, aye.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board could reduce the advertised tax levy from .10 cents per one
hundred to .08 cents and realizing a .06 cents in the debt service so you could in fact take .06
cents off of that which would bring the increase to a .02 cents tax levy increase, but we need to
remember if the Board does this we are not doing what Davenport has suggested, and you would
not be leaving anything in there to build on, which is the reason that we refinanced all the debt.
Chairman Conrad asked what we are paying for an Economic Development Director at this point
in the budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the proposed Economic Development budget is $169,627.
Chairman Conrad questioned how much did John Spencer need to operate?
Ms. Ferguson stated that the proposed budget is $63,491 which is included in the $169,627.
Chairman Conrad stated that we could take some of that money to put towards what Davenport
has suggested and it could also help in reducing some of the debt service. Ms. Ferguson stated
that she is not sure you could use this to reduce the debt service, but with the $100,000 dollars
left over could be put in operating reserve.
Mr. Carter asked Chairman Conrad if what he was suggesting was to not put any funds into the
hiring of an Economic Development Coordinator. Chairman Conrad stated that is what he is
suggesting at this time.
Mr. Tanner stated that this position was put into the budget at the last budget meeting.