44g
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and asked if Mr. Bosiger would state why his motion
was out of order.
Mr. Bosiger explained that when the Board was organized they agreed to operate by
Robert’s Rules of Order Simplified. He continued that they agreed to modify these as the
Board saw fit. After reading through the guidelines it appears that a privileged motion
can be made and that it must be second but that it was at the Chair’s discretion to rule on
whether it can be admitted or not. Mr. Bosiger continued that it has been the Board’s
custom to deal with one motion at atime. Mr. Bosiger stated this was the reason for his
decision.
Mr. Torrence called for the question.
Mr. Bosiger restated the motion.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye, Mr.
Carwile stated for the record, “I respectively decline to vote for the motion as stated, I
must represent the people in a true democracy way, I have had more negative input than
positive, for this project, therefore my vote is NO.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that they would move to the next item on the agenda, which was
the proposed installation of a collection tank at the Emanuel Tire Operation located at the
landfill.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to install a collection
tank to catch the wash down liquid used in processing at the Emanuel Tire Operation
located at the landfill, at a cost of approximately $1500.00 to $2000.00 and appropriate
the same. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next present supplemental appropriation requests from the School Board,
Commonwealth Attorney and the Registrar.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
following appropriations:
$440.10 from the Literary Loan Subsidy for the School Board
$500.00 to $600.00 for the Commonwealth Attorney to attend convention
$250.00 for the Registrar to attend training.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger drew the Board’s attention to a letter from the Town of Appomattox
concerning the proposed sewer expansion and asked Mr. Carter if he would like to
comment on this letter.
Mr. Carter stated that the cost information stated in the letter was the worst case scenario.