209
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate
$1,440.00 to 2201-3002. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $36.94
to 3107-1004 and $306.00 to 3107-2001. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented information to the Board on Trigon Blue Cross
Blue Shield stock; VPSA interest on loan for Middle School and Personal
Property Tax VS Local Sales Tax.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a letter from Nottoway County requesting the
Board’s support for moving the Department of Military Affairs from
Richmond to Fort Pickett.
After discussion and by consensus, the Board of Supervisors directed
Mrs. Ferguson to write a letter supporting the Department of Military
Affairs move to Nottoway County.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that she had been asked by Piedmont
Regional Jail Superintendent, Lou Barlow, if Appomattox County would be
interested in participating in a Juvenile Detention Facility with
Prince Edward and other localities.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was decided that
due to our participation with the City of Lynchburg, we would not be
interested in joining in another juvenile facility.
Mrs. Ferguson next reminded the Board members of a request, at the
Regular meeting in January, made by Bonnie Tillotson, for a special
exemption to the Subdivision Ordinance, for two lots in Wolf Creek
Estates.
Mrs. Ferguson provided further information on this request.
After a lengthy discussion and by consensus of the Board, the request
by Bonnie Tillotson for special exemption to the subdivision ordinance
for two (2) lots in Wolf Creek Estates, was denied.
At 10:32 p.m., being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on February 3, 1997 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.