141
Mr. Slagle then explained that he felt that it would be appropriate for the Board, the IDA
and the newly elected members of the Board to meet on December 9, 1999 and have Mr.
Slagle review the purpose of the IDA and the progress that has been made towards
industrial development.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to meet on December 9"
with the I.D.A. and invite the newly elected members of the Board.
At 8:22 P.M. Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Slagle and explained that the Board
would recess for a short period.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 8:38 P.M. and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Bosiger began that Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department was in the process of
developing plans for the renovation of the old fire department building. Mr. Bosiger
continued that he would like to see the Board waive the fees for this permit in order that
the process could proceed without any delays.
Mr. Bosiger also explained that it would be necessary to hold an executive session at the
end of the meeting to discuss a personnel issue.
Mr. Bosiger called for other concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that he would like to thank the Board and the staff for all the
thoughtfulness shown to him with cards, visits, flowers and heartfelt compassion
extended to him with the passing of his mother. Mr. Carwile personally thanked Mr.
Bosiger and Mr. Torrence for their attendance at the funeral of his mother.
Mr. Bosiger called for other concerns.
Mr. Carter stated that he had five items that he would like to discuss.
Mr. Carter began that he would like to take this opportunity to make a response to Mr.
Carwile’s unsubstantiated comments made on October 18. Mr. Carter continued that in
his twenty-one years service to the citizens of Appomattox Mr. Carwile’s remarks are the
first allegations that he had heard of, quote “covered up details “ from an elected official
to his peers. Mr. Carter continued that not only had Mr. Carwile questioned the integrity,
dedication and well being of Mr. Torrence and himself but the other elementary school
site committee members and two reputable engineering firms. Mr. Carter continued that
in addition the gravely announced and yet unsubstantiated allegations that Mr. Carwile
has made exposes Mr. Carwile to possible civil suit for slander by any of the parties that
Mr. Carter named. Mr. Carter concluded that the Board needed to work in unity not
disunity. Mr. Carter stated that this was the obligation that each Board member had to
themselves and to the citizens that elected them. Mr. Carter continued that if something
was left un-said, and that there was always that possibility, then it was not a cover-up but
rather an over site that was not intentional by any committee member. Mr. Carter stated