149
At 6:15 p. m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were no additions or deletions to the agenda.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comments Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
Jack W. Burks, 1495 Horseshoe Road, Appomattox, VA.
As a long time resident of the county and a concerned citizen he wanted to comment on
several issues: 1) we are entering an era of high taxes, we know it and we need to level
the playing field on some of these and get rid of the people that are on a free ride. This
topic is unpopular but he feels the County should consider a “squatters tax” for renters.
They are people who do not pay any real estate taxes whatsoever, but they use all the
advantages of the county, such as schools, etc. He does not feel that the real estate
owners should have to carry this load on their backs. 2) From talking around, he knows
that business operators pay a tax to the State so they can issue garbage bags, trash
bags, fast food bags, beer cans, bottles, etc. and this lifts the businesses off the “hook”
to trash our county. We need to adopt a “County Trash Tax” because when we go to
manned sites, we will see more trash being dumped along the roadside. 3) We need to
back off of Region 2000. We need to hire someone, an industrial lobbyist, that can sell
our County, not just the Industrial Park. We have twenty (20) miles of river that
possibly could be sold for big industry/business, to bring taxes to the county. The
money we spend with Region 2000 could be better spent by having someone who
knows the county to push for these industries. Our industrial park is just setting there,
Bedford County opened up a new industrial park recently and already have a new
business there. We need to re-think what we need to do for the county, we cannot
keep hanging on the “old school of thinking”. 4) He has been reading and listening
about the “groaning” on the water line. Regardless of whether it is a water line or a
reservoir or what, but if we ever have a bad year, and have to shut down water, what
will we do about sewage. It takes five (5) times as much water to move sewage as it
does for our daily taps. We need to settle the water issue one way or another.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak. Hearing none, he moved to the next
item on the agenda.
Mr. Carter then presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Burn Ban: The Governor has lifted the burn ban statewide and we have had a
number of calls asking if the County is following suit.
Recommendation: Staff does not have a recommendation at this time. Mr.
Wingfield will give a report at the meeting.
Mr. Wingfield stated that he would recommend that the Burn Ban be lifted. There was
quite a confusion when the State lifted its ban. We are not out of the woods yet, but
we have had some rainfall, about five (5) inches in some parts of the County. We are