307
Piedmont. The central Virginia area is the only area in the Commonwealth that
has two providers. Everyone else has at least three and some even more.
We want to provide strategies that will allow the consumers to manage their
health services and one of the things we have done is provided five (5) different
plans to select from HMO’s and CPO’s. We also knew there would be some
resistance to a new player and some would say that the change was not worth the
hassle and pain. The present trend is for increases to occur in the next two to
three years. We also wanted to have some type of rate stabilization. In the rates
we have quoted you there is a reserve of about 5.1 million for the larger group.
However, there is a reserve built in regardless of the size of the group. The costs
would be neutral and competitive. This is a self-insured type of program, so we
can do whatever we want to, which you cannot do with the existing plan. The
Regional Commission would house all the data, act as the contract manager,
maintain the reserve liability, premiums would remain current at 30 days, and
they would retain the exclusive right to solicit coverage. There is a five (5) year
participation. You cannot continue to look at health insurance on an annual basis.
There will be one member from each organization to make up the Executive
Committee and there will be one member, one vote regardless of how large or
how small the group. The Executive Committee will make all the decisions.
Mr. Gillespie gave a brief statement regarding Cigna. The medical and
prescription are separate and not lumped together. There is no referral process,
you see the physician of your own choice. Cigna requests only that you notify
them if you see a physician out of state. The dental provider is Delta-Dental
which has been around for a long time.
Some of the small groups, 100 to 150 or less are grouped together whereas some
of the larger groups are not.
After a short questions and answer period, Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr.
Gillespie.
At 7:50 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a five (5) minute recess.
At 8:03 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and stated that a closed session was
necessary in accordance with §2.2-3711(A)(1) of the Code of Virginia for the
purpose of discussion of a personnel matter and §2.2-3711(A) (7) consultation
with legal counsel, via telephone, and briefings by staff members regarding
pending litigation and a potential claim.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into closed session in
accordance with §2.2-3711(A)(1) of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussion of a personnel matter and §2.2-3711(A) (7) consultation with legal
counsel, via telephone, and briefings by staff members regarding pending