631
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Health Department contract with the County for
FY99 was enclosed for approval.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the Health Department
contract for FY99. (Copy on file in the County Administrator’s Office). Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Henry County Board of Supervisors for a
resolution dealing with maintenance of drainage easements.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that the Board would ask
Sandra Lindsay about this matter at the April 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the County had received a request from James River
State Park that they be allowed to dispose of their solid waste at Appomattox County
Landfill.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that James River
State Park’s request to dispose of their solid waste at Appomattox County Landfill be
denied due to the fact that we do not except trash from outside the County. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District was
giving the Board of Supervisors and opportunity to comment on Kent White’s job
performance if they wished.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, no one felt familiar enough with Mr.
White to offer comments.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Hal Craddock had provided information as to how to correct
the roof problems at the Health Department.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Craddock could go
over his proposal with the Board at the March 22, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a bid for financial services from Robinson, Farmer, Cox
Associates and explained that this was the only bid received.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to accept Robinson,
Farmer, Cox Associates bid of $15,000.00 for financial consultant services. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board of Supervisors then reviewed D.E.Q.’s latest inspection report on the landfill.
By consensus the Board complimented Andy and Tina for all the work that had been
done to bring things into line at the landfill.