571
Mr. Zane Torrence came forward and stated his address as 4828 River Ridge Road, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Torrence stated that Ms. Harold may own 60 acres but this kennel is on the front
side and being only 250 feet from where he is planning to build his home.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Ms. Donna Wilkes came forward and stated that she is a resident of Appomattox County and
also a member of the organization of AWAG. She stated that she wanted to know what was the
difference between getting a permit to be a broker versus a breeder and she also request the
County look further into this matter before allowing the kennel to operate.
Ms. Pam Chappell came forward and explained the differences between a USDA license for a
broker versus a breeder license.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments, hearing no other comments for petition CUP09005,
he asked Mr. Roark to present the next petition.
Mr. Roark presented petition RZ09001 and stated that Courtland Realty is requesting to rezone
property located on Richmond Highway (Route 460) from Agricultural District, A-1 &
Residential District, R-1 to Commercial District, B-1. Mr. Roark explained that the property is
currently vacant and is approximately 37.42 acres.
Mr. Roark stated that the Planning Commission made the following recommendation at its June
8, 2009 meeting:
For Reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the
Appomattox County Planning Commission moved to recommend approval of the petition of
Courtland Realty/Tommy O’Brien as submitted.
Chairman Conrad called for public comment on Petition RZ09001, hearing no comments on this
petition, Chairman Conrad closed the public hearing at 7:50 p.m.
do
Tierias H. Conrad,\Chairman
On Monday, June 22, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
special called meeting in the Appomattox Community Center located on 220 Community Lane,
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Board of Supervisors:
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mr. William H. Craft Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Mr. Gary W. Tanner ~ Wreck Island District