60
Closed sessions may be held in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act.
Adjourned Meetings:
Regular meetings without further public notice may be adjourned from day to day or time to time or place
to place, not beyond the time fixed for the next regular meeting, until the business before the Board is
completed.
Minutes.
(a) Minutes of all regular and special meetings and work sessions shall be recorded. Such minutes shall be
maintained in the office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors. The minutes shall reflect:
(1) The date, time and place of the meeting or session;
(2) The members recorded as either present or absent;
(3) A general description of all matters proposed, discussed or decided: and
(4) Record of any votes taken.
(b) Approval of minutes of all but closed meetings or sessions shall be considered at a regular Board
meeting. It shall not be necessary to read the minutes prior to approval. Prior to approval, any member
may, through the Chair, request the privilege of amending or correcting the minutes to accurately reflect the
substance of the prior meeting. If objection is made by any Board member to such amendment or
correction, a majority
Vote of the Board shall be necessary for adoption of the correction or amendment. The Chair shall sign the
adopted minutes.
SECTION B: OFFICERS
Election and Term of Chairman and Vice-Chairman
At the annual or organizational meeting of the Board of Supervisors, the Board shall elect from its
membership a Chairman and Vice-Chairman, each of whom shall serve a term for one year expiring on
December 31 of the year elected, or until their respective successors shall be elected. In the case of the
absence of the Chairman, the Vice-Chairman shall preside at the meeting, in the absence of both the
Chairman and the Vice-Chairman; the members present shall choose one of its members as temporary
Chairman.
Clerk
The Clerk of the Board of Supervisors shall be the County Administrator, whose duties and responsibilities
shall be those set forth in State law and as delegated and directed by the Board of Supervisors.
Parliamentarian
The County Attorney shall serve as the Parliamentarian.
SECTION C: QUORUM AND MANNER OF VOTING
A majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum and be necessary for the transaction of business. Ifa
quorum is not present, those in attendance shall adjourn to a later time when a quorum is present to transact
business.
No ordinance, nor resolution, appropriating money exceeding $500.00, imposing taxes or authorizing
borrowing money shall be passed except by a recorded affirmative roll call vote of a majority of all of the
members of the Board.
SECTION D: RULES OF ORDER