142
year to update and revise the flood plain maps. Also, last month the Board was
provided with a copy of the Erosion & Sediment Control Program review by the
Department of Conservation and Resources and the necessity to update our
ordinance. Ms. Ferguson requests that a public hearing be scheduled for
November 26, 2007 at 6:00 p.m. to receive public comments on revising these
ordinances.
Staff recommends scheduling the public hearing.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
schedule a public hearing to present the Proposed Amendments to the Zoning Ordinance
and the Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance for November 26, 2007 at 6:00 p.m.
Vote: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Request for Resolution to Su islation to Ban Plastic Bags: The
Isle of Wight Board of Supervisors is requesting that you adopt a resolution
asking the General Assembly to ban the use of plastic bags. The proposed
resolution is enclosed for your review.
Staff recommends considering the request and making a decision on the
resolution.
Mr. Armbrust said he thought the Board should take no action.
Mr. Conrad reminded the Board that the request was just asking the legislature to give
the locality the authority to make a decision on the matter.
After further discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION TO SUPPORT
LEGISLATION TO BAN PLASTIC BAGS
WHEREAS, each year, over 14 million trees and 12 million barrels of oil are consumed for the production of
plastic shopping bags; and,
WHEREAS, plastic bag entanglement is the direct cause of death of over 100,000 marine animals; and,
WHEREAS, the environmental impact of these bags is compounded by the fact that they are very difficult to
recycle and they contaminate and hinder the recycling of other materials; and,
WHEREAS, these bags create significant litter problems along the roadways and farm fields in Appomattox
County; and
WHEREAS, the litter and contamination have a negative impact on the aesthetics of the community and the
livelihood of those families involved in agribusiness.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT AND IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED that the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia requests the General Assembly adopt legislation that would grant localities throughout the
Commonwealth of Virginia the enabling authority to ban or discourage the use of plastic bags.
Adopted this 5 day November, 2007.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)