90
to do this in the first place, because it is not a permitted or conditional use in A-1. Why
couldn’t we say “CAN'T GO IN”, After talking with some of the other attorneys in
counties that have adopted this type of ordinance and he thinks what we are fearful of
is that in the suit we had several years ago in Federal court, Judge Moon said that we
were pre-empted by the State, so it gave us very little leeway to do anything regarding
sludge. He thinks what everyone is fearful of is if the State now says we are granting
you authority to do something, we can argue that we have always had that authority,
but then the Court could say no, the State pre-empted you. This is why we are going
through this exercise because the State is saying in certain statutes that we can do this.
He doesn’t want to have an opinion that we already have authority to do this and us not
do this and the Judge later tells him, “you didn’t have that authority”. By adding this as
a conditional use in A-1, we do have some control. :
Mr. Conner stated this is only for storage of sludge, not for the application. Mr.
Overstreet stated — that is correct.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Roark called for comments for and/or against this ordinance.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
7
Samuel £. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, September 17, 2007 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft ~ Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation. Mr. Carter
then invited everyone present to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the first item on the agenda: SETTING OF THE AGENDA: