33
At 6:05 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into a closed session
as per §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel. Mr. Carter called
for discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated this special called meeting was called by two supervisors and they specified a
open meeting. He is truly saddened that the Board wants to pull the litigation into closed session.
Are you afraid for people to hear you speak, what’s behind going into closed session? He feels
the people should know what is going on.
Mr. Kendrick stated that every discussion addressing this litigation has been closed session. We
are on the eve of some decision being made by the Judge or thru compromise and to bring that
out in an open session can only deteriorate our position.
Mr. Carter then called for a vote on the motion before the Board: VOTE: Mr. Hancock, nay; Mr.
Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:01 p.m. the Board returned to open session and Mr. Carter read the following:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A. 7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, nay.
At 7:02 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Kendrick, the Special Called Meeting
of the Board was adjourned. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:03 P.M. Mr. Carter called to order the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors regularly
scheduled meeting and Joint Public Hearing with the Appomattox County Planning Commission
and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
PRESENT (Board of Supervisors):
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
PRESENT (Planning Commission):