415
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the Consent Agenda
as presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 6:58 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:03 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and stating there was be a Joint Public
Hearing with the Planning Commission.
PRESENT: (Planning Commission)
Steve Conner
Al Sears
Calvin Tanner
Jerry Hughes
Jim Sefter
Marvin Mitchell
John Wilson
Robert Johnson
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)
Kevin O’Brien
Susan Hudson
Mr. Carter read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments
by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or against the
petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the
record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting to Mr. John Spencer who read the first petition:
#03-530 — James Nolen, Thomas Nolen and Ann Coleman; Rezone from R-1
Residential to A-1 Agricultural 6.59 acres located on Route 645 between Route 679 and
Route 604. Tax Map #87-2-9.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Jim Nolen, Route 719, Appomattox, VA came forward. Mr. Nolen stated they are
requesting this change because it would be more conforming to other adjacent property.
This would allow for the placing of doublewides on the property. There are both double-
wides and single-wides presently in the vicinity. He would not request this change if he
felt it would be harmful to anyone in the community.