40
(4) Do not use uncommon name spellings or words that may have multiple common
spellings.
(5) Assign only one name along a continuous roadway. Where a permanent break in
the road exists, a new name may be assigned to each segment. A permanent
break may consist of but is not limited to a river, stream, and/or intersecting road
where continuous access is not available between the two (2) segments without
crossing another road.
(6) Avoid the use of personal or family names, except in the case of local historical
figures.
(7) Avoid the use of letters (i.e., Q Street), numbers (1st), numeric names, and compass
designators (Fifty-Second and North).
ARTICLE II
Road name Signage
[Adopted 02-22-05]
§ 133-4. Intent.
The intent of this Article is to establish uniform design criteria for the installation of road name
signage in Appomattox County in conjunction with the County’s Enhanced 9-1-1 (“E-911”)
Program. This will ensure that all signage clearly and efficiently identifies the location of public
and qualifying private roads throughout the County, and that signage will be installed in locations
that do not adversely impact traffic sight distances or pose other safety hazards.
§ 133-5. Criteria.
All signage for public roads and qualifying private roads shall be installed according to the
following guidelines:
A. All sign hardware shall meet minimum design criteria as utilized by the Virginia
Department of Transportation (VDOT). Sign hardware shall include, but not be limited
to, sign blades, posts, and mounting brackets.
Installation and signage location shall be in accordance with VDOT guidelines.
The color of all sign blades for public and private roads shall consist of white reflective
lettering on a blue background. All private roads requiring signage shall also include the
designation “PVT” in the upper right corner of the blade immediately above the road
name suffix.
Sign structures (post) and mounting brackets shall be a minimum of 2 3/8 inch outside
diameter round galvanized steel with a minimum 0.065 inch wall thickness. Mounting
brackets, post caps, and related hardware shall be adaptable to the post and of the same
material as the post.
All sign structures (post), post caps, sign brackets and related hardware must conform to
the Road and Bridge Specifications 2002 section 233.