After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that the School Board and the
Board of Supervisors would meet periodically to review the progress of this project.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused the members of the School Board and continued with the next
item on the agenda.
Mr. Moore explained that the Appomattox County Planning Commission had presented a draft on
the proposed changes to the zoning ordinance concerning intensive farming operations. Mr.
Moore asked if the other members of the Board would like to schedule a meeting with the
Planning Commission to go over the proposal.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to schedule a meeting with the
Planning Commission on January 18, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse.
Mr. Moore next explained that Edwin Long, Chairman, Virginia Association Resource
Conservation and Development was requesting the Board adopt a resolution encouraging the
legislature to appropriate additional funding for the State Parks system.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following
resolution:
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia has 34 state owned and operated parks and
historical sites that attract over five million visitors annually and which contribute more than $100
million annually to the local economy, and
WHEREAS, citizens of the Commonwealth supported a $95 million bond referendum to purchase
new parks and repair existing parks so these publicly-held lands can provide the citizens the
opportunities to improve their outdoor experience and understanding of the environment in which
we all live and benefit, and
WHEREAS, every state park has received or is scheduled to receive a strategic master plan for
the continuing improvement of the visitor experience supported by the community, and
WHEREAS, visitation at our state parks has risen 3.71% annually over the last decade, and
interpretation and educational programs offered have doubled and participation in these programs
has tripled, and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia support for the state park system ranks 48" out of
the 50 in state per capita spending, and there is a demonstrated need for additional funding to
continue the improvements and implementation of the master plans, and
WHEREAS, state parks are exempt from local taxes and the tourists visiting the state parks
support local businesses and economy and provide sales tax to assist local governments in
providing resources to the citizens, now