029
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session
at 10:57 p.m. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore, the
following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has
convened an executive meeting on this date pursuant
to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344-1, of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with
Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that,
to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only
public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the executive meeting pee) which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the executive meeting were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to support
the Extension Services proposal to hire an Agriculture Agent
before employing a Home Economics Agent, but that Mr. Kylor
Reed was not an acceptable candidate for the Agriculture
Agent’s position. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile was next recognized and asked the Board to
clarify its policy regarding paying milage to Board members
over and above the $10.00 per month allowance. After
discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to pay milage to Board
members for use of their personal car to conduct County
business. This motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Moore next made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
adjourn until 7:00 P.M. August 18, 1992. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Be it resolved by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia, that the following appropriations be, and
the same hereby are, made for the month of September 1992
from the funds and for the functions or purposes indicated: