8
Many organic substances used today in low concentration sewage sludge are not regulated inbiosolids because the Environmental Protection Agency assessment states the substances are nottoxic to animals, humans or plants. The Virginia Department of Health regulates landapplications of biosolids. A representative from the Health Department met with citizens recentlyand stated he had not heard of a single incident of illness or disease resulting from the use ofbiosolids.
The Virginia Right to Farm Act of 1994 prohibits local governments for requiring a special usepermit for normal farming operations. They can adopt setback requirements, minimum area
requirements and other requirements that apply to all light agriculture and other operations thatoccur within a normal agriculture area.
The people who wish to put down sludge, have safe guidelines to go by, the County can establishordinances for them to go by but if we don’t let them do it, or if the Board of Supervisors turns
them down, they can sue the County and that we hurt everybody in here. The Board cannot stop
anyone from using biosolids, they can only put restrictions on its use.
Having no one else to speak, Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 8:02 P.M.
At 8:18 p.m. Mr. Carter declared the Board of Supervisors Meeting back in session.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Brett Thompson, President, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce to address
the Board regarding tourism activities of the Chamber.
Mr. Thompson distributed two (2) handouts, one (1) on Tourism and Economic Development
and one (1) listing the Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors.
Mr. Thompson gave a brief statement of the function of the Chamber, how they work with the
Town Council and the Board of Supervisors. They operate the Visitors Information Center and
operate the Chamber office. They send out information on Tourism, Marketing, Upcoming
Events, etc. They also advertise in many travel magazines, and also maintain a Website. This
website is an excellent tool, designed by Rich Guild, receiving approximately 94 hits each day.
This website has recently been expanded to include the industrial park. They also send out a
relocation packet for persons considering relocating to our area.
They also propose to hire a Tourism Director as some point.
Mr. Thompson concluded by asking if there were any questions the Board would like to present.
Several Board Members questioned why brochures were not located in hotels, etc.? If there was afunding problems to send to hotels? What seemed to be the biggest problem areas? And if they