(Se)
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr, Paulette called the meeting to order and asked Mr. David Garrett,
Chief, Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Garret explained that his reason for coming before the Board was
that it was time to replace one of the fire engines. Mr. Garrett
explained that these units need to be replaced every 20 years. Mr.
Garrett continued by providing information on the old unit and prices
for replacing or refurbishing this unit.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Garrett was aske
to obtain bids on a new truck and return to the Board with these prices.
ie}
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Garrett.
Mr. Paulette next presented requests from Stonewall Vineyards and
Stonewall Antique Power Association, Inc. for Musical and Entertainmen
Permits.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve Musical and
Entertainment Permits for Stonewall Vineyards-Mayfest and Stonewall
Antique Power Associations, Inc.-Tractor Show. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Lynchburg City Council for
support of a regional Commission on Organ and Tissue Donation and
Transplantation.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger t
adopt the following resolution.
RESOLUTION
ORGAN DONATIONS AND TRANSPLANTATIONS
WHEREAS, statistics from the United Network for Organ Sharing reveal
that there are 40,147 organ donors, which resulted in 92,619
transplanted organs in the United States in the past five years;
WHEREAS, a number of patients on waiting lists for organ transplants
increased 180% and the median waiting time increased for most
patients, and the total deaths for persons on the solid organ
transplant waiting list increased 98% from 1988 through 1993;
WHEREAS, of the approximately 1,100 Virginia residents who are on orga
donor waiting lists more than 100 will die while waiting for organs;