301
of the citizens of the County. Mr. Rosser thanked the Board for their time and attentiveness and theprivilege to express his thoughts.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Rosser, and asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Ms. Joy Purcell came forward and gave her address as Route 1, Spout Spring. Ms. Purcellcomplimented the Board on what they were doing and asked that they not cut the budget on theteachers and the school. Ms. Purcell stated that you get what you pay for.
Mr. Moore asked for others who wished to speak.
Earl Ryan Hall came forward and stated he had been a citizen of this County of 68 years. He isavoter and a taxpayer. When he got his raise this year from Social Security, which he basically liveson, it amounted to $39.00 and his wife got a $15.00 raise. In previous years, when he worked andtaxes were raised, he worked a few extra hours and was able to pay his taxes. Now he is on a fixincome and due to a disability, he cannot even supplement his income. It seems our Board has goneoverboard in spending money because they have taken on many projects, one after another. Mr.Rosser named most of them. I have never been able to do one project after another that I wanted todo while I was working because I did not have the income, but then I was spending my money, I wasnot spending someone else’s money. I wonder if you have taken into consideration that there are alot of people in this County like I am, who live ona fixed income. You can have big schools, fancycourthouses, an industrial park in addition to the necessary things that are done, like the landfillwork. You can have these things but you do not need to have them all at one time. God did notcreate the world in one day, he created it in six and then he rested. It seems to me that you peopleneed to take a rest and look at where the money is coming from before you spend it, not like this timewhere you have spent it first and then go back and say we have got to raise taxes, although you havealready said you were not going to do so. Everyone knows the old cliche about death and taxes, buthe would hate to be taxed to death.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Hall and asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Lat lan.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
Hearing none, he declared the public hearing closed at 6:22 p.
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a recessed meeting on April 20, 2000 at 6:35
p.m. following the public hearing at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court
Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present: Mr. Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Mr. Jesse Hancock- Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District