683
Mr. Sanderson stated that by refunding the $14.5million of its outstanding debt, the County
could realize annual savings on its debt service obligations.
Mr. Sanderson stated that the potential refunding allows the County to achieve annual reduction
on future debt service obligations providing cash flow relief to the County, also an overall final
maturity on refunding debt that does not extend beyond current final maturity of FY2009 and
that through up-front savings, annual cash flow relief in FY’s 2011-2012; with subsequent year
debt service remaining unchanged or slightly lower.
Mr. Sanderson next explained the bond ratings and stated that bond ratings can provide an
indication of probability of a timely repayment of principal and interest on an Issuer’s bond —
credit assessment. Mr. Sanderson stated that there are three major credit rating agencies Moody’s
Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings. He explained that the goal would be to
receive a strong investment rating and with the initial analysis they believe Appomattox County
would be in the “A” category which is considered a strong investment grade credit. Mr.
Sanderson explained that obtaining an investment grade rating will provide the County with
great access to various financing vehicles with greater control over terms and potentially lower
borrowing costs.
Mr. Sanderson next explained the peer group comparison and stated that the County’s financial
position compares favorably to a peer group comprised of Virginia counties and stated that the
peer group consist of both rated counties with moderate population size and unrated counties
with smaller populations and/or geographic proximity to Appomattox.
Mr. Sanderson next discussed the anticipated School Capital Projects and stated that the County
presently anticipates future capital funding needs for several school renovation and construction
projects, all of which could commence within the next twelve fiscal years.
Mr. Sanderson explained the existing debt service and the anticipated debt service based on all
projects over a period of time.
Mr. Sanderson discussed a preliminary plan of finance assumptions with the Primary School,
High School, bus garage project, the middle school and elementary school projects and then
discussed the qualified school construction bonds.
Mr. Sanderson explained the Stimulus Act authorized “tax credit bonds” that essentially carry a
zero percent interest rate and approximately $300 million of borrowing authority is available to
Virginia localities through December 31, 2010. Mr. Sanderson stated that a general nile of
thumb is for every $1 million of qualified school construction bond funding, the County could
realize $1 million debt service savings over the life of a loan and the problem with this is the
Commonwealth has limited the use of this program to existing facilities with a preference given