53
construct on Route 613 between Route 460 and Route 659. Subject property is a
portion of Tax Map Numbers 63(A)3 and 63(A)4, is 15.00 acres in size and is zoned R-1
Residential.
Mr. Spencer then called for comments concerning this petition.
Mr. Richard Tartaglia, 3401 Wilson Avenue, Lynchburg came forward and stated they
would like to operate a small engraving business. They currently have such a business
in Lynchburg on Memorial Avenue. They will continue to operate the Lynchburg location
but feel Appomattox could benefit from this type of business.
Mr. Spencer called for other comments.
Marvin House, of Route 4, Box 145, Appomattox, Va. came forward and stated that this
is the second time he has been before this Board recently. He is an adjacent property
owner and feels the R-1 zoning district should be the most protected. He is opposed to
a business being conducted in R-1.
Mr. Spencer called for other comments. Hearing none, he proceeded with the last
petition.
04-549 — Appomattox Anglican Church/A. R. “Chip” Padgett, Representative
— The applicant is requesting to rezone 6.19 acres located on Route 635 between Route
460 and Route 1001 from M-1 Industrial to A-1 Agricultural in order to use the property
as a church. The subject property is identified as Tax Map Number 76(A)158.
Chip Padgett of Route 3, Box 387, Appomattox came forward and started off by
apologizing for the oversight of the church for bringing this forward tonight instead of a
couple of months ago. They are requesting this change because M-1 does not allow
churches. After consulting with County Officials, they decided that A-1 would better suit
the needs of their church for the present as well as the future depending upon the
congregation and any plans they may undertake. He concluded by thanking the Board
and Planning Commission for their consideration.
Mr. Spencer called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer turned the hearing back to the Chairman of the Board.
At 7:37 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Samul£. Cato
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman