409
Mr. Slagle stated the IDA strongly supports the concept of the waterline and there are
good, sound technical/economic reasons for doing so. They also support the creation of
a Public Service Authority as the implementing body to make sure that this happens.
There are really good reasons for making provisions for that.
He will began by going back a little but if he says something wrong or something that
has changed in recent years, please jump in and tell him so. From the beginning we
have tried to keep this a simple concept, as many of you know, there has been a lot of
misinformation presented to the public and he may run the risk of repeating himself and
things that everyone already knows. Just bear with him a minute. We all know that
Appomattox and the town represents a circle and Route 460 pretty much goes through
the Town of Appomattox. All the surface water to the south goes into the Roanoke
River and all the water to the north goes into the James River. This means one - three
things: 1) You are at the head waters of every water supply so you have to go a long
way out to get any appreciable water supply; 2) you are developing in your watershed
which is not a good idea from an engineering point of view. Back in 2003, or some
where there about, the Governor issued Executive Order #39 that required that ever
community have a water supply plan. This was for use in a drought situation and
Appomattox Town had water restrictions at this time. Fortunately, the Town and County
of Appomattox had gotten together and done a water study and costed it out and he
thinks we are at a point now where we have basically disqualified building our own
impoundment and running our own water line from the James River and the other
alternatives and we think that is for good reasons, as this effects costs and the
operating costs involved in operating our own system is very high. From his own
personal experience and he is sure some of the others do as well, that you really don’t
want to operate these things yourself if you can avoid it. He has had experience at his
place of employment and that you have to have certified operators, and the cost goes
on and on. There is a tremendous amount of fixed costs involved. In his opinion, these
would not qualify you through the regional system where you have a regional supply
available, for example, grant monies, loan monies, etc. You would have a hard time
justifying building your own reservoir and/or putting in your independent system. There
has been a lot of statements about us setting on all the water in the world and have
underground rivers, etc. This is not true. He used to meet with geologists and he
struggled trying to find and understand about the ground water situation in and around
Appomattox. The reality is that in the Town, you have little fracture zones that have
occurred in the bedrock where water collects. However, the Health Department does
not want you to drill in these areas as most of the time these wells will not meet the
requirements because they are concerned with contamination. What you have typically
is you have a stream where your ground water table will intersect and generally follow
the contour of the surface, you will have a shallow well that penetrates this, the water
will rise to the ground water level. As long as that water table does not drop you are
OK, but you are subject to a lot of contamination.
The wells that the Town of Appomattox drills may be eighty (80) feet deep, but as you
go further down you start to encounter cobbles, then more dense rock until finally
around three hundred (300) feet deep you hit bedrock and no water is in it. All your
water is contained in fracture zones somewhere in between where you hit the bedrock