28/
WHEREAS, Section 2.1 -344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, requires a certification bythe Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted inconformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisorshereby certified that, to the best ofeach member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the executive
meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were
heard, discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for discussion for Board Members regarding Proposed Rifle Ordinance Change.
Mr. Carwile stated that “this was a highly controversial issue that faces us. It is a no win situation
for us, but our responsibility is to do what is in the best interest for all of the citizens of Appomattox
County and all concerned. I have friends on both sides and I agree with issues on both sides and this
is certainly not an easy decision to make. Safety of our citizens and their property has to be our main
concern in making this decision. I have talked, listened, read many letters, and studied the Code of
VA and researched as much information from other counties as possible. Any way we go with this
issue, we cannot please everybody, but we have to stand for what is best for all citizens of
Appomattox County. I have spent a lot of sleepless nights over this issue and I hope the people will
understand we cannot vote both ways. We must decide one way and hope they will accept that we
make this decision with the best of interest of the County. If an issue is not for the betterment of the
County, and it’s citizens, it makes it hard to justify a change. Thank you Mr. Chairman.”
Mr. Moore next addressed Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter addressed the Chairman and other Board members, stating that “when this issue first
surfaced, in my own personal mind, I thought this would be something that would be no controversy,
not much emotion, something that would be fairly easy for this Board to make a decision on and do
what was right for the County. However, how wrong was I, because after the first public hearing the
message that came from the participants engaged in the first public hearing and in the second public
hearing was a lot more in depth than I ever dreamed it would ever be. Since we have had those two
public hearings, a lot of information and a lot of factual data has been presented and a lot of our
citizens have done their homework which is apparent on the positive end of this. A lot of them came
out and let their feelings be known to this Board on how they, the citizens of the County felt on this
issue. I thought it was great. I got a lot of phone calls, I asked for them, as a lot of you did. We as
representatives of the people cannot duly make a decision if not based upon our constituents input.
I think each of us got that input and based upon the input I have received from the Courthouse
District, I would have to vote NO.”
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Kendrick for his comments.
Mr. Kendrick stated he agreed with both of the gentlemen on the Board and their comments. “So far