290
Mr. Conrad stated that the Governor indicated that we need to increase revenue for our roads
throughout the state. Mr. Conrad stated that he has a difficult time with increasing at the gas
pump. Mr. Conrad stated that he agrees with this resolution except raising gas tax.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board can strike areas of this resolution and add something else.
Ms. Ferguson explained that this resolution belongs to the Board and the board can change it
anyway they see as necessary.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agreed with Mr. Conrad’s statement and would like to see something
else added in that paragraph.
Mr. Conrad stated he would agree with the consideration of toll roads.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels that the State is going to do what they feel is necessary, but he
does agree with Mr. Conrad’s statement.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the proposed resolution concerning Transportation
Funding with striking the paragraph on the gasoline tax. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s
motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, called for a vote. Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3- Lease for the Carver Price Educational
Complex Gym.
Mr. Overstreet stated that this is basically the same lease as adopted last year except for adding
the cheerleading and this lease goes from year to year.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the lease agreement with the School Board for the use of
the Carver Price Educational Complex Gym. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none he called for a vote. Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4 — Enhanced Passenger Service on Amtrak, and
called for discussion.
A RESOLUTION IN FAVOR OF AMTRAK’S PROPOSED NEW DAILY PASSENGER RAIL
SERVICE IN THE US 29 CORRIDOR AND IN SUPPORT OF RELATED INFRASTRUCTURE
IMPROVEMENTS
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Rail and Public Transportation (VDRPT) is developing a State
Rail Plan that will address the present and future needs for rail in the Commonwealth and provide a
strategy to address them; and
WHEREAS, the State Rail Plan will address commuter, intercity, higher speed and high speed rail
services as well as multimodal integration of rail with other modes of transportation; and