128
Mr. Carter then briefly discussed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (items 15-20)15. Town of Appomattox: Agenda for the Town Council meeting held on July 23, 200216. _Virginia’s Retreat Annual Report 2002: Annual report from Virginia’s Retreat whichpromotes tourism in the region.
17. School Board Monthly Financial Report: Financial report for the month of September 2002.18. |= VDOT Update: Report from the Transportation Commissioner regarding their recent audit ofaccounts.
19. | Thank You Notes: Thank you notes from the Gladstone Rescue Squad and the PamplinVolunteer Fire Department for contributions.
20. United Way Information and Referral Center: Quarterly report showing assistance toAppomattox County citizens.
Mr. Carwile stated he had an issue to address before the Board considered Supervisors’ Concerns.This issue had to do with information he had received regarding statements supposedly made byanother board member in connection with the appeal before the Court.
Several members of the Board stated their feelings on this issue.
Mr. Carwile asked for someone on the prevailing side to make a motion to drop the appeal.
As Mr. Kendrick had to leave the meeting at 7:27 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.Carter to table this discussion until the next meeting when all Board members would be present:
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carter read a letter dated June 28, 2002 addressed to the Board of Supervisors from AndyCarroll, County Administrator, reference: Appeal of Court decision - Judge Poston. This memolisted the contacting of the Board Members as a poll, not a vote.
Mr. Carwile wanted clarification from Mr. Carroll on his authority to make a decision regarding
issues such as this appeal. Mr. Carroll stated that he felt it was important to preserve the Board’s
options and that the action of noticing an appeal only preserved the Board’s option to appeal thecase. It did not require the Board to
Mr. Carwile asked for detailed invoices from the C ounty A ttorneys regarding the C ourthouseLitigation and Biosolids issues.
Mr. Carter opened a discussion concerning the Open Public Comment Period during board meetings
where citizens are allowed to voice their concerns and opinions. Under the present policy, persons
wishing to address the Board must contact the County Administrator by the close of day onWednesday prior to the meeting date. Mr. Carter read the new proposal. The Board will discuss thisat its next meeting.
At 7:49 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,