14
4. Property owned by public libraries, law libraries of local bar
associations when the same are used or available for use by a state
court or courts or the judge or judges thereof, medical libraries of local
medical associations when the same are used or available for use by
state health officials, incorporated colleges or other institutions of
learning not conducted for profit. This paragraph shall apply only to
property primarily used for literary, scientific or educational purposes
or purposes incidental thereto and shall not apply to industrial schools
which sell their products to other than their own employees or
students.
5. Property belonging to and actually and exclusively occupied and used
by the Young Men’s Christian Associations and similar religious
associations, including religious mission boards and associations,
orphan or other asylums, reformatories, hospitals and nunneries,
conducted not for profit but exclusively as charities (which shall
include hospitals operated by nonstock corporations not organized or
conducted for profit but which may charge persons able to pay in
whole or in part for their care and treatment.)
6. Parks or playgrounds held by trustees for the perpetual use of the
general public.
7. Buildings with the land they actually occupy, and the furniture and
furnishings therein belonging to any benevolent or charitable
organization and used by it exclusively for lodge purposes or meeting
rooms, together with such additional adjacent land as may be
necessary for the convenient use of the buildings for such purposes.
8. Property of any nonprofit corporation organized to establish and
maintain a museum.
The real and personal property of an organization classified in Virginia Code
§§58.1-3610 through 58.1-3622 and used by such organization for a religious,
charitable, patriotic, historical, benevolent, cultural, or public park and
playground purpose as set forth in Article X, Section 6 (a) (6) of the
Constitution of Virginia, the particular purpose for which such organization is
classified being specifically set forth within each section, shall be exempt
from taxation, so long as such organization is operated not for profit and the
property so exempt is used in accordance with the purpose for which the
organization is classified.