98
these offices.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any immediate plans to establish some fund raising activities.
Mr. Thompson stated the first function was to strengthen the chamber and volunteerism. Once this
support is there, they would like to hire a secretary to give Ms. Le’ Valley more time to plan Chamber
activities and Tourism ideas. He and Ms. Le’Valley have been invited to attend a special tourism
meeting with the Town Council tomorrow night.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Thompson and Ms Le’Valley for their appearance.
Mr. Carter stated that it was necessary for the Board to enter into a Closed Session to discuss a legal
issue.
At 6:52 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into Closed session
to discuss matters exempt under section 2.2-3711-A..7 of the Code of Virginia , Legal Matters.
The disposition of a piece of property and the Porter House Road Contract.
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:02 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Mr. Carter next read the following Certification Motion:
CLOSED SESSION CERTIFICATION
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A.7, Of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of discussing legal issues.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any motions to be made as a result of the Closed Session.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the Charitable Lease agreement
with St. Anne’s Episcopal Church. (Executed Lease Agreement on File) VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.