188
4) The payment obligations, if any, of the County of Appomattox pursuant to the
provisions of the joint powers agreement shall be subject to annual
appropriation of requisite funds by the Board of Supervisors.
This Ordinance shall take effect immediately upon its adoption or passage.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
3. Transfer of School Property: A Public Hearing has been held in accordance with
the Code of Virginia and the Board may now take action to transfer the property of
the new Appomattox Elementary School to the Appomattox County School Board.
There was some discussion concerning the transfer of the property, the property
characteristics and how to avoid similar situations in the future in developing large tracts
of property.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to transfer the property containing
the new Appomattox Elementary School to the Appomattox County School Board.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
4. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission recommends
that the following petition be approved as submitted.
a) 02-513 — Marcus S. Carter — Conditional use permit for home occupation in an
accessory building (firearms instructions) per §170-34(A)(13) of the Appomattox
County zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 647 between Rt. 691 and Rt.
679, Tax Map #86(A)23 and is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve Petition 02-513 of
Marcus S. Carter for a conditional use for home occupation as recommended by the
Planning Commission. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
b) Public Hearing on Proposed Amendments to the Accessory Building
Section of the County Zoning Ordinance: The Planning Commission is
recommending that the Board schedule a public hearingon December 16, 2002
to receive comments on the proposed amendments to the Accessory Building
Section of the County Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to schedule a Public Hearing on
December 16, 2002 to receive comments on the proposed changes to the County Zoning
Ordinance pertaining to Accessory Buildings.