219
She felt the residents on Route 648 had enough to hear with the
dumpster site.
Mr. McKennley Tanner, Mount Shiloh Baptist Church member, spoke next.
Mr. Tanner expressed his concern over the narrow, one car underpass as
you entered Route 648 from Route 460. He continued by saying that
Mount Shiloh had a fellowship hall located on property that joined Mr.
Bryant’s and he was concerned that this close concentration of mobile
homes would cause problems with Church gatherings. Mr. Tanner said
that he was not in favor of granting the request. He felt if mobile
homes are allowed they draw drugs, drug trafficking and create a
nuisance. Mr. Tanner also mentioned the container site was already an
eye sore on this road.
Next to speak was Mr. Patrick Kelly, Route 1, Spout Spring. Mr. Kelly
began by saying that he is against rezoning this property. He
continued by stating that mobile homes were not there when he purchased
his property and he was concerned with the value of his property
dropping if mobile homes are allowed.
Mr. Jamerson next recognized Mr. Herbert Fleshman. Mr. Fleshman lives
at Route 1, Spout Spring and is a registered voter. Mr. Fleashman
began by saying that his family were heirs to the property across from
this property and that since they sold the property, the property value
has decreased. He feels if the property is rezoned it would look
terrible in five (5) or ten (10) years. Mr. Fleshman stated that na
one living in this area was in favor of the rezoning request and
neither is he. Mr. Fleshman stated that it is a real effort now to
keep the property on this road up, due to the dumpster site.
Mr. John Gillette rose next and was recognized by Mr. Jamerson. Mr.
Gillette explained that the driveway to his property is directly across
from Route 648. Mr. Gillette is opposed to rezoning this property.
Mr. Jamerson next recognized Mrs. Juanita Cheatham, Route 1, Spout
Spring. Mrs. Cheatham stated that she lives on Route 648. She went on
to say that she was constantly picking up trash along the road
ditches. She is not in favor of the rezoning request. Mrs. Cheatham
said that she has nothing against mobile homes or Mr. O’Brien but she
is concerned with the number that may go in so close together.
Mr. James Cheatham was next recognized. Mr. Cheatham stated that he
was not in favor of rezoning this property. He stated that he
understood that zoning was supposed to help property owners and protect
them against such as this.
Charlie E. Tanner, Route 1, Spout Spring rose and was recognized. Mr.
Tanner said that he was born and raised on Route 648 and is presently a
member of Mount Shiloh Baptist Church. Mr. Tanner does not want to see
this property rezoned to allow more mobile homes next to the Mt. Shiloh
Fellowship Hall. Not in favor of the request to rezone.
Mr. Ray West rose and identified himself as a resident of Spout
Spring. Mr. West stated that he is against the rezoning request.