266
Mr. Morelli explained that the four main categories for land use and the minimum acreage for
each of them being as follows- agriculture and horticulture is a minimum of five acres. The
Forestry category is a minimum of twenty acres and for open space it would require more than
five acres. There is some population density that would also apply to urban areas where the
governing body can reduce or you could increase the minimum acreage for open space.
Mr. Morelli explained that as a governing body the Board can adopt any combination of the four
categories.
Mr. Morelli next explained that there is an application that would need to be filled out by each
applicant and processed by the Commissioner of Revenue’s office.
Mr. Morelli explained that the ordinance must be passed six months preceding the next tax year.
Mr. Morelli explained that the Board will need to set application fees, revalidation fees, and also
the interest rate, late filing fees that the Board can install would need to have a date and fee
installed. Mr. Morelli explained that the Board would also need to set consequences for
falsifying applications.
Mr. Morelli explained that the assessing officer should be following the regulations set by the
Department of Agriculture, Department of Forestry, and the Department of Conservation and
Recreation. One of the key elements in the regulations when it comes to crop land, agriculture or
pasture, as a participant, if passed, by the Commissioner of Revenue to substantiate the gross
income by divulging the federal crop schedule that you have at least one thousand dollars of
gross income. Many commissioners do not ask for this, but as a participant they need to be
prepared to present the evidence if asked.
In the Forestry category you should have a forest plan prepared by professional forester to
quality for the forest category.
In open space category it must coincide with the County’s Comprehensive Plan. Asa
participant you can enter into an agreement with the governing body for a minimum of four years
and a maximum of ten years and at the end of those terms you can set the date at what you
determine, which must be in the ordinance.
Mr. Morelli also stated that there is a provision in the law that allows you to have a tiered
category for values which has to do with how long the applicant has been in the program.
Mr. Morelli explained that anytime you deed a piece of property off of your parcel that is in land
use you are required to file a new application and could be subject to another fee for that
application.
Mr. Morelli next explained that if you request that your property be rezoned to a higher and more
intensive use you could be subject to a roll back. The Roll back is the difference between the fair
market value of the land and the use value of the land.