216
to do the interview and he did. Mr. Moore continued that it was not instigated, as far as he knew,
by the Board or in the Office. Mr. Moore stated that he told Mr. Carroll about it but whether he
knew about it before that he did not know.
Mr. Carwile then asked Mrs. Ferguson if she was aware of the interview?
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she was unaware of the interview until Mr. Kendrick told her on Friday
that he had been approached by the same group concerning an interview. Mrs. Ferguson asked
Mr. Kendrick if this were not correct?
Mr. Kendrick stated that was correct.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was not aware of any of this going on.
Mr. Moore stated that he did not think that anyone was aware of this except himself and Mr.
Kendrick because he was contacted and he guessed that Mr. Kendrick was contacted.
Mr. Kendrick stated that he had been contacted.
Mr. Carwile then asked Mr. Carroll if he was aware of any of this?
Mr. Carroll stated that he knew nothing of this until Mr. Moore told him today.
Mr. Moore then called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore moved on to the Administrative Items.
Mr. Moore explained that the County had asked the School Board some time back if they had a
use for the house the County owns on Route 727 and they had provided a plan for use of the
house as an alternative school.
Mr. Carwile asked Dr. Krug if he would come forward and give a brief explanation for the
proposed use of the house on 727.
Dr. Krug came forward and explained the proposed use for the house and the alterations that will
need to be made.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to honor the schools
request for the use of the house on Route 727. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Dr. Krug.
Mr. Moore next explained that it was necessary for the Board to appoint road viewers due to a
request from Mr. Phillip Jones, Country Haven Estates Homeowners Association for several