319
On May 15, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regular
meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Absent: Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Andy Carroll, Assistant County Administrator
Darrell A. Puckett, County Attorney
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Moore called the meeting to Order
Mr. Kendrick gave the invocation.
Mr. Moore called for a motion to approve the monthly bills.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the bills for the month of May,
2000. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Kendrick questioned what was going on with the land Mr. Clayton Bryant is developing on
Route 460. He wonders about the effect this development may have on the Appomattox County
Industrial park.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that a portion of these lots on both sides of Route 460 has been
cut off and is zoned B-1 the remainder of approximately 200 acres has been left zoned as A-1 and
will probably be divided into one acre lots. This portion being on the state maintained highway. The
balance will be sold as larger tracts for residential development. She has not seen a plat to this effect
but understands that this is the present plan.
Mr. Kendrick questioned how wide is the property tract along the Route 460 corridor? This is the
entrance to Appomattox County and whatever is placed there will set an example for the County. Are
we going to have a lot more trucks and trailers parked there, or are we going to have an industrial
park with side roads and shrubbery and done so it is not an eyesore. How can we help to develop and
get the kind of things that we want out of it and have Mr. Bryant reach his goals and what about
water. We need to have a discussion with him and see what his plans are for this property and is
there an actual plan for this. He is greatly concerned as he sees this land stripped bare and wonders
what will go up there. Questions if there are any rules or regulations governing what can and cannot
be placed on a State highway.