233
Mr. Dolan came forward and explained that his reason for coming before the Board was to ask
that the Board consider repealing Section 87-1 of the County Code of Appomattox that makes it
unlawful to hunt with rifles larger than 22 rim fire. Mr. Dolan then presented petitions signed by
approximately 800 hunters in Appomattox County who are in favor of this request. Mr. Dolan
continued that he understood that in order to change an ordinance the Board would have to hold
two public hearings and he requested that the Board schedule these as soon as possible. Mr.
Dolan then stated that after the public hearings if the Board decided to repeal the present
ordinance Richmond would need to be notified prior to May 1 for this to be effective this hunting
season.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had been approached by a number of hunters over the last several
years with this same request.
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to honor the request
made by Mr. Dolan to hold public hearings regarding repealing Section 87-1 of the County Code
of Appomattox concerning hunting with rifles larger than 22 rim fire and hold the public hearings
at 5:30 P. M. on March 20 and April 3, 2000, and for the Board to take action on this at the April
17, 2000 meeting. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then thanked and excused Mr. Dolan and called on Mr. Charles Thomas Moses to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Moses began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to speak to them on behalf of the old
Courthouse. Mr. Moses continued that according to the figures he has seen it appears that if you
build a new Courthouse across the street it will cost approximately 3.9 million dollars and that if
you renovate the present Courthouse the cost is approximately 3.4 million dollars. Mr. Moses
continued that he felt if the Board could come up with a solution for the use of the present
building the Board would be glad to build a new courthouse. Mr. Moses stated that in his
opinion if you built a new facility you would have a building that would last twenty or thirty
years, it would house all three courts with one entrance door and one security guard. Mr. Moses
stated that it was true that it would cost more money but if you signed a contract for 3.9 million
you knew the cost. Mr. Moses continued that with renovation you never knew the unknowns that
were involved. Mr. Moses provided information concerning similar projects in other counties.
Mr. Moses then stated that he had found some funding sources for renovation of the present
building. Mr. Moses continued that the first thing that needed to be done was to get the present
Courthouse on the Virginia Landmarks Register. Mr. Moses explained that this would cost
approximately three hundred dollars to get this done. Mr. Moses offered to pay this himself. Mr.
Moses continued by providing information concerning tax credits for renovation of historical
buildings. Mr. Moses continued that he had also spoken to our Representative Watkins Abbitt
and that Mr. Abbitt had told him that money was also available through the General Assembly
after you got on the State Historical Register and he would bend over backwards to get this
money for Appomattox. Mr. Moses stated that the example Mr. Abbitt gave him was if you want