465
and that they would be reported at the September 1998 meeting. Mr. Bosiger reminded
the members of the Board that a visit to the landfill in Waynesboro to view their bailing
operation was being scheduled and that Mr. Carroll would be contacting each member to
confirm attendance.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mayor Spiggle had been contacted concerning an
appointment from Town Council to the Sewer Options Committee. Mayor Spiggle had
explained that the Town was already in the process of looking into some other alternative
and he would like to receive the results from this study prior to making an appointment to
this new committee.
Mr. Bosiger then presented supplemental appropriation requests from the landfill and the
Sheriff’ s Department.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate the following
852.00 to 4206-5413;
71.73 to 3102-1002.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several line item transfers for approval.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to transfer $50.50 from 1101-5804 to
3401-3002 to refund fees paid for a building permit. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Joseph U. Skalecki for reimbursement of vet
bills paid on several dogs that they had adopted from the Appomattox Pound.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Skalecki’s request was denied and
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to inform Mr. Skalecki that the County did not guarantee
that animals adopted from the Animal Pound were healthy.
Mr. Bosiger next informed the other members of the Board of the date for the Jefferson’s
Assembly. Mr. Bosiger suggested that anyone who wished to attend should contact Mrs.
Ferguson so that she could respond for the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then asked if any member of the Board had further business.
Mr. Carter asked if the County was preparing for the Year 2000 computer changes.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the upgrades were scheduled to be installed the fourth week
in August 1998.
Mrs. Ferguson reported that the School Board had received the bids for health insurance
and that she would be meeting with school staff for the presentation.