434
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Interim County Administrator
Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Spencer called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to give the
invocation.
This being the organizational meeting, Mr. Spencer stated the first item for consideration
was the nominations for Chairman and the election of Vice-Chairman. Mr. Spencer
asked if there were any questions regarding the nomination process.
Mr. Tom Conrad nominated Mr. Samuel Carter to be Chairman for the upcoming year,
2004. Mr. Conrad feels that with three new board members, Mr. Carter’s experience
would be beneficial to the Board.
Mr. Spencer asked if there were any other nominations for the Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Spencer stated that since there were no other nominations for the Office of Chairman,
he asked for a motion that Mr. Samuel E. Carter be elected Chairman of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors by acclamation. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Spencer then turned the meeting over to Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter thanked his fellow board members for their vote of confidence and stated that
he feels each will work together as one team, one unit, and that they will move forward
with what is best for the County.
Mr. Carter then called for nominations for the office of Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Armbrust nominated Mr. William Craft.
Mr. Carter asked for other nominations, hearing none he closed the nomination process.
Mr. Carter called for a vote on the nominations of Mr. William Craft as Vice-Chairman
of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for the upcoming year. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Craft thanked everyone for their support.
Mr. Carter next asked that the dates and times for the Board meetings be set for the
upcoming 2004 calendar year. A proposed schedule was provided, with meetings being
scheduled for 6:30 p.m. on the first and third Monday of each month, except when these
dates fall on a Holiday. In those instances, the meeting would be moved to the next day
(Tuesday).