101
Mr. Moore stated that if a new school were built someone should make sure that the
cafeteria was large enough to avoid the problem we are presently facing at the Middle
School.
Mr. Carwile stated that the majority of people that he spoke with that wanted a new
school were from the school system. Mr. Carwile continued that renovation was from the
voice of the people in the outlying areas.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a vote:
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, nay; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
At 6:50 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recess to the
Courthouse and reconvene the meeting after the zoning public hearing. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 7:28 P.M. and noted that Mr. Moore was in the
Planning Commission meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that due to the reports concerning Hurricane Floyd’s path the
Emergency Services Coordinator had recommended declaring a local emergency in order
to open an emergency shelter. Mr. Bosiger explained that as Director of Emergency
Services he had proceeded with the declaration and now the Board needed to formally
adopt a resolution declaring a local emergency.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
Resolution declaring a local emergency to exist in Appomattox County, Virginia
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, Virginia, does
hereby find as follows:
1. That due to the occurrence of Hurricane Floyd, the County of Appomattox is facing a
condition of extreme peril to the lives, safety and property of the residents of
Appomattox County;
2. That as a result of this extreme peril, the proclamation of the existence of an
emergency is necessary to permit the full powers of government to deal effectively
with this condition of peril.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED by the Board of Supervisors of
the County of Appomattox, Virginia, that a local emergency now exists throughout the
County of Appomattox; and
IT IS FURTHER PROCLAIMED AND ORDERED that during the existence of this
emergency the powers, functions, and duties of the Director of Emergency Services and
the Emergency Services organization and functions of the county of Appomattox shall be