512
or killed by a high powered rifle, she will sue the County Board of Supervisors.
She is definitely opposed to this ordinance.
Mr. Brian Morris, Charlotte Courthouse - 7:26 P.M. -
Mr. Morris is the President of the United Eastern Virginia Hunting Dog
Association. The Association supports the hunters in Appomattox and their
rights. There may be more people killed by rifles percentage wise but more
accidents happen with shotguns. Rifles do not kill people, people kill people. He
advocates safety - not outlawing the implement of whatever may kill somebody.
It is already legal to use a high powered rifle in Appomattox, just not for deer
hunting. This is discriminating against deer hunters. He endorses the use of
rifles larger than .22 caliber for deer hunting.
Mr. David Wicks, Route 24, Appomattox, VA. - 7:30 P.M.
Mr. Wicks is opposed to the ordinance. We are cutting all the forests down,
spreading all the fields with bio-solids and planting pine trees. We are forcing all
the wildlife onto the smaller areas. We should consider we may bring in a lot of
hunters from the outside and the local hunters will be competing for the same
smaller number of deer. There will be a lot more competition for the larger deer.
He is not as worried about the local hunters as he is those coming in from
elsewhere. He is opposed to this ordinance.
Mr. Matt Lair, Appomattox County — 7:33 p.m.
Mr. Lair stated he had been hunting deer since he was 13 years old. His hunt
club leases 2800 acres of land and last year they paid $15,000.00 in dues. What
they are paying is land taxes. They are just one hunt club among many who pay
taxes in this county. They feel they should be allowed to use rifles. Some places
he hunts is on the Prince Edward/Appomattox County line. He can use a rifle if
he is facing one way but has to use the shotgun if he faces the other. There is
no difference in the landscape either way. A rifle is a more efficient killing
machine, more humane. Mr. Lair also read a letter written by Marshall Forest
and published in the Times-Virginian newspaper. Mr. Lair concluded by saying
he is in favor of rifle hunting in Appomattox County.
Mr. Hugh Dolan, Route 2, Box 124, Appomattox, Va. — 7:35 P.M.
Mr. Dolan stated he would not go over all that had already been discussed. He
stated that any caliber gun can be used for target practice in Appomattox County
365 days a year, Sundays included. All they are asking for is six (6) weeks in the
fall and winter to harvest deer.
Ms. Dianne Miller, Appomattox, Va.
Ms. Miller stated she had seen pictures of six (6) year olds who have killed their
first deer published in the newspaper. Movies, T.V. and video games see the