191
Mr. Carter welcomed everyone present and stated no one had signed up to speak during
the Public Comments Period.
Mr. Carter then called Mr. Wayne Phelps to address the Board.
Mr. Phelps as President of the Appomattox County Historical Society is requesting a
letter of support for the renaming of the 460 Bypass in honor of Charles Thomas Moses,
Jr. The Appomattox Lion’s Club is also supporting this request.
Mr. Phelps is also requesting that the Board allow him to donate the cornerstone for the
new courthouse building. Additional design work would be needed if the request is
approved as the current design does not call for a cornerstone.
Mr. Phelps stated he would like to be allowed to donate the cornerstone for the new
courthouse. Mr. Phelps stated that the cornerstone would only contain a date, no names
or other lettering.
There was some discussion regarding a cornerstone not being included in the design, as
most governmental buildings do have a cornerstone. Mr. Moore will discuss this with the
architects and also see if Judge Poston would have to approve this change.
Mr. Phelps also read a statement regarding a “Tribute to Charles Thomas Moses, Jr’, as
well as list of Mr. Moses’ achievements. He would like for the Board to issue a letter of
support to name the two and one-half mile 460 By-pass after Mr. Moses. Mr.Phelps has
letters of support from several businesses and organizations in the naming of the By-pass
in honor of Mr. Moses. Mr. Phelps will provide the Board with these if necessary.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to endorse a letter of support in
the re-naming of the 460 By-pass in honor of Charles Thomas Moses, Jr. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter stated the need for a Closed Session in accordance with §2.2-3711A.7 of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of a legal matter.
At 6:40 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore the Board entered
into a closed session in accordance with §2.2-3711A.7 to discuss a legal matter. VOTE:
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:20 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter read the following certifying motion: