335
Dr. Thomas stated that the School Board had one option and that ii
VPSA. If this is the option chosen the Board of Supervisors would hav
to pass a resolution approving this loan.
Om
Mr. Nash asked if the Board of Supervisors has considered the impact
that his loan will have on the overall school budget.
Mr. Jamerson indicated that the debt service for these two loans woul
be additional to the School Board’s budget.
er
Mr. Torrence indicated that in reviewing the debt service over the nex}
ten years you could see a decline which has not always been reflecte
in the budget.
Oe
Mr. Carwile stated that he understands from Mr. Torrence and Mr,
Jamerson that the debt service on the 3 1/4 million dollars would com
out of the reassessment and that the tax rate would stay the same. Mr,
Carwile does not feel that the other member of the Board of Supervisor!
are taking into consideration inflation. Mr. Carwile continued bi
saying that the School Board would not be setting on the same budge’
figures every year, cost would be increasing. Mr. Carwile does no
understand where the money is going to come from if the tax rate stay;
the same. Mr. Carwile feels that by using viable options the Board o
Supervisors could give the School Board what they need and what the
want. Mr. Carwile feels that if the new middle school were constructet
close to the present high school and certain of the same facilities
utilized the new school would not be out of reach. Mr. Carwile feel)
that if this issue had been brought before the people at publi
hearing, the people would have spoken for a new facility. Mr. Carwil
also stated that the people that he is hearing from want academic
before athletics.
oa emt a (OSsas —et) mes tm atc
Mr. Jamerson stated that this is not what he is hearing. Mr. Jamerso
also stated that Mr. Carwile had questioned Mr. Torrence as to where hi
was going to get the money to cover inflation. Mr. Jamerson state
that this proposal did not use all the anticipated revenue from thi
reassessment because the Board of Supervisors recognized that ther
would be increases in other areas. Mr. Jamerson stated that thi
decision had been made and he saw no reason to rehash this matter. Thi
Board of Supervisors had approved what they felt that they could fun
and unless Mr. Carwile had a plan to finance an additional 2 millio
dollars he felt that the issue was settled.
ho Ot OF) a1) a () et) et OF () ken
Mr. Moore stated that he did not believe that the Board could acquire
land and construct a new school for an additional two million dollars,
He stated that the figures that he had seen were much more than that.
Mr. Carwile reminded the Board that the figures that were presented to
the Board were based on interest rates of 6 - 6 1/2%. Mr. Carwile has
found that the VPSA loaned money recently with interest rates less than
4.7%. Mr. Carwile figures that the difference in this interest raté
would reduce the initial figures and make the new school attainable.