226
Mr. Moje explained that they would certainly look at the option of a two story structure.
The next area of discussion was the roof design.
Mr. Moje explained that a flat roof was the single cheapest roof to install but not to maintain.
Questions were asked as to when the Board would know what the exact cost of the project would
be.
Mr. Moje explained that the only way to know the exact cost of construction would be when the
bids have been received for the project.
Discussion continued concerning the cost savings in building for the additional 200 students now
instead of adding onto the building at a later date.
Mr. Moje advised that if the County could afford to build the 800 student school now then it was
definitely the direction that should be chosen.
Discussion continued concerning the pro’s of building an 800 student school at this time.
The consensus of the members of the School Board was that the 800 student school was
important in order to keep from having to do a building project at the Primary School within the
next few years.
After discussion, Mr. Perrow advised that the Board of Supervisors needed to give approval for
the School Board to proceed with the application for the Literary Loan.
At 9:07 P.M., Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting and called for a motion
to allow the School Board to submit the application for the Literary Loan on the Elementary
School.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to authorize the forms to be signed on
behalf of the Board of Supervisors for the Literary Loan Application for the elementary school
and instruct the architect to proceed with the plans. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Pickett then called for a motion from the School Board that the same approval be given in
order to proceed with the application process.
Mr. Selz made a motion seconded by Mrs. Pankey that the School Board submit an application
for a Literary Loan for the new elementary school project. Vote: Mr. Pickett, aye; Mr. Mitchell,
aye; Ms. Pankey, aye; Mr. Rhodenizer, aye; Mr. Selz, aye.
Being nothing further it was agreed that the Board’s would meet next on March 23, 2000 at 7:00
P.M. in the School Board conference room with the architect for an update on the progress of the