rs |an
014
Beasley stated that she was opposed to the Bryant site and that she would not donate
right-of-way in order to widen Route 691.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Darlene Reed came forward and gave her address as Spout Spring, Virginia. Mrs.
Reed asked why the present elementary school could not be renovated. Mrs. Reed
continued that the people that she spoke with all wanted to renovate the present school.
Mrs. Reed stated that the County spent a lot of money to renovate one school and that
they were basically saying that they were going to do away with another and say that you
could not fix that one up. In closing Mrs. Reed continued that the Old Carver Price
school was of value to a lot of people.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Eulantha “Jimmy” Drinkard came froward and gave his address as Route 3 Box 100,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Drinkard began that he did not believe that it would cost the
same to renovate the old Carver Price School than to build new. Mr. Drinkard
continued that it was not as old as the other high school that the County renovated. Mr.
Drinkard continued that he had never heard mention of remodeling. Mr. Drinkard stated
that the Carver Price school was a memorial to Mozella Price to the blacks in the
community. Mr. Drinkard continued that we had been using that thing up and down 460
and that with the bypass the traffic had been decreased by the present school site. Mr.
Drinkard stated that it looked like to him the Board wanted to spend more money than the
County had. In closing Mr. Drinkard said that he could not see why we could not save
this school air condition it and renovate.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Susan Shutt came forward and gave her address as Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs.
Shutt began that she was president of the PTO for the elementary school. Mrs. Shutt
stated that the traffic in the afternoon when parents are picking up children creates a very
unsafe environment for the children. Mrs. Shutt stated that her concern was for the safety
of the children and that this was not a safe place for the children.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Renee Martin came forward and gave her address as Route 1, Spout Spring,
Virginia. Mrs. Martin began that she was a teacher at the elementary school. She
continued that the teachers at the elementary school were excited about moving into a
new building because of the many problems with the present facility. Mrs. Martin
continued to list the safety issues with the present school. In closing Mrs. Martin stated
that she was not in favor of renovation.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.