058
Mrs. Ferguson explained that two (2) names had been submitted, one of
which should be chosen by the Board of Supervisors to be the Primary
person to service the voting machines, with Donald Martin, Maintenance
Supervisor for the County, as back-up for this persons. Mrs. Ferguson
stated the two (2) persons willing to do this work were Jack Foresman
and Donald Ferguson.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile
that Mr. Ferguson be offered this work at $250.00 per County wide
election, if he would not accept at this rate, then the job would be
offered to Mr. Foresman. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the next request from Electoral Board for
telephones at each voting precinct.
Mr. Underwood provided a handout with different options for providing
telephone service at these precincts.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile,
the Electoral Board of was instructed to pursue the possibility of the
regular use of loaner phones from Sprint or United States Cellular,
with the use of the Board of Supervisors personal cellular phones if
necessary. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
And Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented the resolution with the City of Lynchburg
for juvenile detention. Mrs. Ferguson continued by presenting
information as to what other localities had done as of this date.
Discussion followed as to the pros and cons of participating, with
other localities, in a juvenile detention agreement with the City of
Lynchburg.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
table the juvenile detention agreement and not make any obligations to
anyone at this time. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Brian Wishneff & Associates for
additional funding in order to hire Bond Council to deliver a report on
possible sources of funding.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate up to
$1,000.00 for Mr. Wishneff to seek assistance from bond council. Vote:
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented budget and revenue estimates for FY97 to
the Board along with a proposed calendar for budget work sessions.