366
Dr. Walter Krug - School Superintendent
Bobby Waddell - School Administration
Billy Perrow - School Administration
Joyce Jamerson - School Administration
Janice Marston - Elementary School Principal
At 6:05 P.M. Mr. Pickett called the School Board Meeting to session.
At 6:05 P.M. Mr. Moore opened the Board of Supervisors meeting.
Mr. Pickett asked Mr. Moja of VMDO to begin his presentation.
Mr. Moja briefly went over some of the concerns from the previous meeting. He stated that by
looking at the model of the new school building you would notice that the roof on the wings are still
flat and you have stated you do not want a flat roof, there is a $200,000 difference between the flat
roof and the sloped roof. You had also stated that another county had built a new school and had
pulled off a miracle financially, why can’t we do the same. It is cheaper to do a flat roof.
Other than the roof, the building is pretty much the same. One thing that has changed is the siting
of the building, we shifted its position on the site which has slightly shortened the entrance road and
reduced the amount of grading, thereby reducing the grading cost. We have also shifted further from
the residences, the surrounding houses, thereby creating a greater buffer. Mr. Moja feel generally
this placement will be more efficient.
Mr. Carwile asked the life expectancy of the roof.
The low slope ballasted roof has a life expectancy of 20 year warranty, with an additional 10 years
on materials. The slope roof has a 40 years warranty. The $200,000 is not all in the roofing costs,
it simplifies the structural costs as well as mechanical aspects for equipment, etc.
They prefer the slope roof but in trying to keep costs down, they are showing the flat roof.
The gymnasium will be a full gymnasium with seating for community use.
Mr. Moja then discussed the cost of our project as compared with the new Rustburg School building.
The Rustburg School is being constructed by Jamerson Construction so we were able to make some
fairly accurate comparisons between the two schools. First of all the big difference between the two
is that the Rustburg building is 81,000 square feet where Appomattox would be 106,000 square feet.
The cost per sq. ft. when Rustburg went out for construction was $82.69, the inflated cost would be
$95.72 per sq. ft. if they started that building today. It’s capacity is 850 students as compared to our
1,150 students. The State has a maximum capacity rating per class room, for example, the typical
first-grade room would be rated at 25 pupils. This is based on a simple formula.
The cost per square foot we are showing on this building is $104. That is about $5.00 less than what
we talked about when we talked about the budget and projection. Rustburg is providing 95 square
feet per student. This building is 92 square feet per student. If you inflate the Rustburg costs to build
at the same time this one will be, the figures would be $7,754,000 to $10,650,000 or $2,851,000