376
On Monday, May 15, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Public Hearing at the Appomattox County Community Center located off
Confederate Boulevard, to receive comments on the adoption of the proposed Region
2000 Regional Commission Multi-Jurisdictional Hazard Mitigation Plan for Appomattox
County.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
Bobby Wingfield — E-911 Coordinator
Mr. Carter explained that the Region 2000 Regional Commission Multi-Jurisdictional
Hazard Mitigation Plan identifies and describes natural hazards that impact the region
and offers mitigation measures to reduce the impact of these hazards on the region.
Citizens will have the opportunity to comment on the draft plan at this meeting. Also,
the division for the Virginia Region 2000 Partnership Local Government Council Hazards
Mitigation Plan is to lessen the impacts from natural and manmade hazards, prepare
the region to respond to future events and encourage regional cooperation by pursuing
funding and promoting litigation actions focusing on structural projects, education,
information and data development and policy and planning.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to speak on this plan.
Mr. Bobby Wingfield, presented a brief overview of the Plan. This started because of
hurricane Isabel and President Clinton signed into the law the Disaster Mitigation Acts of
2000. President Clinton wanted the communities to step and try to increase disaster
plans before the disaster occurs to lessen the impact. The Virginia Department of
Emergency Management and FEMA have already approved the plan and now it is up to
the local jurisdictions to adopt these plans.
After a brief question and answer session, Mr. Carter asked if there were any questions
or comments from the public.
Hearing none, at 6:15 p.m., Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman