402
Mr. Conrad stated that it may be best for the Board to make an effort early to decide what can be
given and work with the school board at that point, which would give you the ability to prioritize
how you will spend the money.
There was discussion on how the economy is affecting the school system and what percentage of
budget cuts they are anticipating.
Mr. Carter stated that the States economy is in very bad shape and it does not look that there will
be any relief in the near future, but there are ways to tackle this and it is being done by other
localities.
Mr. Carter stated that there can be some changes with an economic development coordinator.
This could enhance our tax base which will help with cost. Mr. Carter stated that until the
county gets more revenue we are stuck.
Mr. Carter explained the planning commission survey where there was a question as to if you
had money where would you place it and the number one placement was education and the
number two placement was economic development.
Dr. Boone stated that it is a realty that if something would happen with the roof on the primary
school and the electrical work at the high school it is going to cost a lot more money and
emergency funds to fix.
Mr. Tanner stated that they key word is “getting started” and we should use the report from
Dominion Seven as a road map. Mr. Tanner feels that it is important to include Davenport who
will be able to help us.
Mr. Craft stated that we could save money by doing renovations.
Dr. Boone stated that at looking at things from project standpoint we should start designs at the
Primary School by next summer and begin construction by 2010. Dr. Boone stated it makes
sense to work with chunks of projects.
Chairman Craft stated that we need to wait until December 19 to see what cuts are going to be
made and then talk with Davenport.
Dr. Boone stated that he needs about a month to get together a priority list and have it approved
by the School Board and then have another joint meeting to discuss list.
Dr. Boone stated that it has been a good conservation and thanked the Board for being so willing
to have these discussions and to be so open minded, but the main concern is always the children.
Mr. Conrad stated that we can continue to have a good relationship and work together. We both
have the same goals in mind.