467
Ms. Nancy Conner rose and stated that she owned property on Edgewood
Street. She stated that their house was the second house constructed
in this neighborhood. Ms. Conner stated that originally there were
restrictions as to what could be built on these lots, but they were
lifted because some people could not afford to build to these
restrictions. Ms. Conner feels that these townhouses, condo’s, etc.
may improve the value in the neighborhood. Ms. Conner stated that she
understood that the people who own the property plan to build
"something" on this property, and she would rather see apartment
buildings than some housing that could be detrimental to property
values. She is in favor of the rezoning request.
Mr. Paul Spiggle asked to be allowed to comment again. He stated that
there are still restrictions in these deeds.
Ms. Mary Lou Spiggle rose and stated that she lived on Pine Street and
she is opposed to the rezoning request. She wants this area to remain
a one family residential community.
Ms. Barbara Shelton came forward and stated that she agrees with what
the others have said and she is also opposed to the rezoning request.
She sees no reason to change this area from R-1.
Mr. Steve Conner came forward and stated that he did not request the
rezoning. He stated that the request was from Pilgrim Land Development
who has owned the property since 1976, he is only acting as their
agent. Mr. Conner stated that in 1972 some of the restrictions were
lifted on these lots. Mr. Conner stated that he is unaware if the Town
can do a conditional zoning to allow townhouses and not apartments but
Pilgrim Land Development would agree to this concession.
Mr. Conner stated that the developer would be interested in closing
Pine Street to avoid the problem of through traffic. They are also
willing to sell all the lots they own for $10,000.00 each. Mr. Conner
felt that it will be difficult to sell property for single family
dwellings that close to the lagoon. Mr. Conner stated that there is
the potential for building 17 single family dwellings on their lots.
Mr. Conner stated if anyone had questions or wished to see the plans he
would be happy to discuss this with them.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Caldwell stated that he had a letter to read into the record.
Route 2, Box 146
Appomattox, VA 24522
Mayor Ronald C. Spiggle
Linden Street
Appomattox, Va 24522
Dear Sir:
This is written in response to a letter received on July 13, 1994.
This letter concerns a zoning request on property bordering on and
partially behind my home on Edgewood Street.