180
Absent: .
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order and stated the hearing
was being held in order to comply with Virginia Department of
Transportation efforts to improve highway railroad crossings.
Mr. Paulette then stated The Norfolk Southern Corporation, the Virginia
Department of Transportation and the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors are considering closing rail crossing number DOT467-98K on
Route 622 between Route 460 and Route 620 in Appomattox County.
Mr. Paulette continued that the public hearing provided citizens an
opportunity to discuss their concerns with the agencies involved.
Mr. Paulette also stated the closing of the crossing would result in a
dead end road.
Mr. Paulette then called for comments on closing the crossing.
Mr. Dave Austin came forward and stated he was with the Virginia
Department of Rail and Public Transportation and wished to speak on
behalf of closing the Route 622 crossing. Mr. Austin stated the Route
622 crossing needed to be closed because it was an unsafe crossing.
Mr. Austin stated that considering the few vehicles who used this
crossing per day, this should not create a hardship on anyone. Mr.
Austin Closed by stating closing this crossing would eliminate an
unsafe situation.
Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer, VDOT, stated there were
only fourteen vehicles per day using this crossing. He continued that
notices had been posted on the road and letters sent to property owners
notifying of the intent to close this crossing.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette closed the public hearing at 6:34 p.m.
Chairman !
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on November 4, 1996 at 6:35 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District