171
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — VDOT Six Year Plan. Mr. Thomas
from VDOT has requested that the Board schedule a public hearing to receive comments
on the proposed VDOT Six Year Plan for Secondary Roads.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Thomas would be preparing a draft plan and submitting
to our office within the next week. The Board would be given this draft for review before
the public hearing.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to schedule a public hearing on F ebruary 4, 2008 at 6:00 p.m.
at the County Administration Building. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Next item for discussion was Administrative Item #4 — appointment to the Local
Government Council. Mr. Carter has been serving on this council and since the chairman
has rotated someone else will need to be appointed. Mr. Tanner has expressed an interest
in serving on this council and the appointment does not have to be the chairman. Mr.
Craft instructed Mrs. Ferguson to get Mr. Tanner times and dates for these council
meetings.
Chairman Craft explained that the next item for discussion will be the Consent Agenda.
Chairman Craft called for any discussion on the Consent Agenda.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to accept the Consent Agenda as presented. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motions. Roll Call Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the information items and called for any discussion. Being no
further discussion Mr. Craft called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Tanner asked the Board to keep land use as an open item to continue working on and
feels it goes hand in hand with the reassessment. Mr. Tanner stated that he has been
researching this matter and Mrs. Ferguson is currently working to help clarify some
questions he has on the code regarding this issue. Mr. Tanner feels that when the board
sets the tax rate it will be the best thing they can do to help the citizens. He would like to
see the Board take a serious look at land use and work together to help the working
farmers of this county. Mr. Tanner also expressed that the Board needs to also take a
look at the conservation easement program.
Mr. Conrad expressed that Mr. Dan Herncall from his district is willing to serve on the
Board of Equalization and would meet the requirements as stated in Code.
Mr. Conrad would like the County Attorney to address his question as to whether land
use has to be considered in the year prior to reassessment?