480
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve a Musical or
Entertainment Festival Permit for Stonewall Vineyards — Halloween Jazz and to waive
the bond requirement. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye ; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger the presented a request from the Virginia Chamber of Commerce for a
donation to help advertise and promote the two constitutional amendments that are on the
ballot in November dealing with economic development.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was decided that the Board did not
have enough information on the impact of these amendments to support them with a
contribution to the Virginia Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from the Registrar for permission to attend the
Registrar’s Association Annual Conference.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve for the Registrar to
attend her annual conference and pay expenses from 1101- 5504. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several supplemental appropriation requests.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $5,190.00 to 1101-
3002 to replace check lost by Mildred Jamerson. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $23.40 to 7301-
5411 to pay for reimbursement received for a book that was destroyed. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
There was a lengthy discussion concerning a supplemental appropriation request from
Mrs. Carter at the landfill for repairs to the compactor.
After discussion this matter was tabled until the November meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then presented the appointment needed for the Central Virginia Area Agency
on Aging Board of Directors, and requested that this item be held until Mr. Moore can
join the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Hal Craddock; Craddock Cunningham Architectural
Partners to appear before the Board to present proposals for meeting the needs of the
Courts.
Mr. Craddock presented two options to solve the current problems that have been
identified by the Judges’ and other Court personnel. One option would be to add on to
the present Circuit Court Clerk’s Office and Courthouse and renovate the present space