218
Chairman Craft stated that he has a concern for the water usage and the County having to
pay for the water. He feels it will need to be monitored.
Ms. Ferguson explained the reasoning behind the Board no longer giving donations to the
Youth Sports Association.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had refigured the salary and benefits for Parks and
Recreation at a two percent increase.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in the Contributions budget she has included everyone who has
asked for contributions. Mr. Conrad asked if there was anything in contributions that we
have never contributed to. Ms. Ferguson began naming the programs that the Board has
never contributed to and it was consensus of the Board to remove all money from
programs that the Board had never contributed to.
In discussing the Library budget, Ms. Ferguson stated that she had refigured the salary
and benefits for a two percent increase instead of the proposed four percent. Ms.
Ferguson stated that the Library Director has asked for about a three percent increase in
his budget with Pamplin Library being his major increase. Ms. F erguson stated that the
Town usually gives the County $5000 reimbursement for this department.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we have some money that we may be able tum back into the
bond from the landfill cell. If we are able to use this money on the water line we will, if
not we will pay it back to the bond and reduce the debt service.
Ms. Ferguson next presented the Zoning & Subdivision budget with refigured salaries
and benefits with a two percent increase instead of the four percent.
Ms. Ferguson explained that $50,000 is in this budget for a new software program for
Building and Housing. This will be paid in this fiscal year and next fiscal year also.
Ms. Ferguson stated that staff has spent a considerable amount of time studying a
software program that would best benefit our County. Ms. Ferguson stated that this
permit program is not something that the staff has just decided on a whelm that they
need. Staff has traveled to bordering counties to look at the different software and really
put a lot of thought into a software program that they feel will work best for us.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Economic Development budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that
$571,401 is all Tobacco Commission money. Mr. Carter questioned why only $480 had
been spent in the area of marketing for the Industrial Park. Ms. F erguson stated that Staff
had not had time to work on marketing the Industrial Park due to working on other
County projects.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Erosion and Sediment Control budget and stated that this is a
completely new department that we will be sharing with Nottoway County.