361
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reappoint Terri Conrad to
another term on the Central Virginia Community Services Board. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then stated that an appointment was still needed for the Rural Transportation
Committee to replace Mr. Sam Davidson. Mr. Carter continued that he would like to
nominate Mr. George Watson to fill this appointment. Mr. Carwile seconded the
nomination.
Mr. Bosiger called for other nominations.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the nominations be closed.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a vote on appointing Mr. George Watson to serve on the
Rural Transportation Committee. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any other business.
Being none Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a
legal matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 9:52 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into an
executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 10:48 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this