426
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. James A. Conner representing the Economic Development
Authority to come and appear before the Board. Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Conner and the
EDA for the work that had been done on the presentation and stated that the Board now looked
forward to seeing this presentation.
Mr. Conner came forward and stated that he is representing the EDA at tonight’s meeting with
most of the EDA being in attendance. Mr. Conner stated that the EDA appreciates the
opportunity to present this power point presentation and is also pleased to provide the following
information which they feel will assist the Board in the decision making process.
Mr. Conner stated that the EDA recognizes the difficulty in the current economic condition. Mr.
Conner stated that he feels the timing is appropriate for consideration of an Economic
Development Coordinator. Mr. Conner provided a handout of a draft position profile for each
Board member. Mr. Conner stated that this is a draft and it can be changed anyway the Board
should see fit, but this draft is what the EDA believes are the requirements for advertising and
hiring an economic development person.
Mr. Conner stated that the request that was given to the EDA was to provide input on the
qualifications of a full time economic development coordinator. Mr. Conner stated that they
have tried to identify the strengths and weaknesses and also tried to answer what they thought
were the tough questions.
Mr. Conner stated that the primary reason that Appomattox County has been overlooked by
prospects is due to the infrastructure not being in place in the Industrial Park.
Mr. Conner stated that the EDA focused on what we should be doing to move forward and
looked at other programs to see how they were working and what the EDA felt were similar
localities to Appomattox County. Those factors include demographic and comparable
environment which are similar roads no interstate and mostly rural. The reason this was done
was because there has been a lot of concern of what results will be achieved in hiring a full time
economic development coordinator. Mr. Conner stated that if you look at the facts that have
been presented you will find that every County that has a full time economic development
coordinator has added industry and jobs to those counties in the last couple of years. Mr. Conner
stated that a lot of jobs have been provided in similar counties with an economic development
coordinator.
Mr. Conner stated that the EDA believes that when you make the decision to hire a full time
economic development employee that you should commit to a long te-n budget for that
individual to become successful.
Mr. Conner stated in closing that the EDA believes that this position requires experience and
believes with compassion that the benefit will arise in the County.
Mr. Conner also stated in his closing thoughts that objective evidence demonstrates a county
commitment to an economic development director and will work when combined with sound
infrastructure. The infrastructure is moving closer and improvements are underway. Mr. Conner