580
and that no one would know that better than Mr. Carwile. Mr. Lawson continued that he
did not know what Mr. Carwile owned or what he had, he stated that he had no idea, nor
would Mr. Torrence or Mr. Bosiger know nor any citizen, but Mr. Carwile did know.
Mr. Lawson stated that Mr. Carwile had enough common sense to determine whether he
had a conflict of interest in anything in the meeting that night. Mr. Lawson continued
that is what he told Mr. Carwile that night, and the next time the Board met, and that he
had never told Mr. Carwile that he had a conflict and he was not telling Mr. Carwile that
he had a conflict now. Mr. Lawson stated that Mr. Carwile was going to have to make
that decision. Mr. Lawson concluded by saying that if Mr. Carwile had a question he
could put it in writing to Mr. Lawson and Mr. Lawson would respond in writing. Mr.
Lawson stated that was his job as Commonwealth Attorney and he would be happy to do
that.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Lawson and stated that he had said a lot about this issue and
that he had covered it very broadly. Mr. Carwile stated that that issue was behind the
Board and that he had abided by, and made sure that he did not step out of line. Mr.
Carwile continued that the question that he was asking Mr. Lawson was dealing with the
issue before the Board tonight, of the zoning A-1, he specifically asked Mr. Lawson to
tell him what would be conflict of interest. Mr. Carwile again told Mr. Lawson that he
wanted Mr. Lawson to tell him what would be a conflict of interest for him.
Mr. Lawson stated that this was the third time that he had told Mr. Carwile this. But if
Mr. Carwile had any interest in the outcome of this particular situation coming up
tonight, whether it would benefit Mr. Carwile or be to his determent, then Mr. Carwile
would have a conflict of interest.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Lawson if he could give him the Code book where he was getting
this information from?
Mr. Lawson stated that he was not here tonight to give Mr. Carwile a lesson in the law,
but if he would like to come by his office he would be more than happy to give him the
requested information.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Lawson if this conflict of interest of which Mr. Lawson had just
stated, pertain to this issue A-1, does this apply to any other, and all Board members.
Mr. Lawson answered that certainly it applied to all Board members.
Mr. Carwile concluded that was all he needed to know.
Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Carwile and Mr. Lawson were finished?
Mr. Carwile replied, yes on that subject.
Mr. Moore joined the meeting.