515
should pay the bill and he still feels that way. He does not feel the citizens in the
outlying areas should have to pay for this waterline. It is his Position that we not pursue
the waterline alone.
Mr. Moore: He has talked to numerous people and has received a lot of feedback. The
first thing he would like to say that the waterline has been recommended by a lot of
people, who are in the know how, engineers, consultants, etc. When we look back we
had lots of employers, the garment factories, etc, which are now all empty and gone.
All we have now are homeowners, and property owners, paying taxes. The schools are
growing all the time and will require more money all the time. We need something to
back this up. We do need industry for a tax base rather than to raise taxes for property
owners. The waterline will be beneficial to the County, therefore he supports this
project.
Mr. Carter: Mr. Carter does not think he can add any more than what has already
been stated. We need growth in order to maintain the quality of life we have and bring
relief to the taxpayers of Appomattox County. Without business and industry, you are
not going to have the tax base that is needed to provide the services necessary to
running the county, police services, school teachers, etc. within the county. He is
definitely in favor of the waterline.
Prior to the voting on this project, the Board needs to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
BE IT RESOLVED,
That the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors intends to secure its future
water needs by purchasing water from the Campbell County Utilities Service Authority,
AND, THEREFORE, requests that those needs be included in the design for the
construction of a waterline from Rustburg to Concord;
That the County of Appomattox has been provided with studies regarding the
cost of construction of that waterline and is committed to this decision unless unforeseen
factors arise which are not addressed in these studies;
That the County of Appomattox will make a good faith effort to secure financing
and enter into a formal written agreement with the Campbell County Utilities Service
Authority by December 1, 2006;
That this resolution, expresses the intent of this Board only and no County funds
will be appropriated for this project until said agreement is signed by the parties.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the above resolution to
secure future water needs by purchasing water from the Campbell County Utilities
Service Authority. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, nay; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
nay; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes — 2 nay)
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.