121
When providing services in their official capacity and acting within the guidelines of the Department of
Public Safety, all officially recognized members of the organizations and groups mentioned above shall be afforded all
of the privileges, rights and remedies available to them under law.
For state law authority, see VA. CODE ANN. Section 18.2-
414.1 (Repl. Vol. 2004). See also VA. CODE ANN.
Section 27-15.1 (Repl. Vol. 2004) and section 27-23.9
(Repl. Vol. 2004).
Section 21.10.Scrvice Fee for ambulance transport.
a) Service fee for emergency ambulance transport.
(1) Pursuant to VA. CODE ANN. Section 32.1-111.14 (Cum. Supp. 2006), as amended, it is herby
determined and declared that the exercise of the powers and duties set forth herein is necessary to
assure the provision of adequate and continuing emergency services and to preserve, protect and
promote the public health, safety and general welfare.
(2) Definitions. The following definitions shal] apply to ambulance charges:
“Basic life support (BLS)”: Services shall be medical treatment or procedures provided to a patient
as defined by the National Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Educational and Practice Blueprint
for the Emergency Medical Technician (EMT)-Basic.
“Advanced life support level | (ALS-1)”: Services shall be medical treatment or procedures
provided to a patient beyond the scope of an EMT-Basic as defined by the National EMS Education
and Practice Blueprint.
“Advanced life support level 2 (ALS-2)”: Services shall be defined as advanced life support (ALS)
services provided to a patient including any of the following medical procedures: (i} manual
defibrillation/cardio version, (ii) endotrachael intubation, (iii) central venous line, (iv) cardiac
pacing, (v) chest decompression, (vi) surgical airway or (vit) intraosseous line, and the
administration of three (3) or more medications.
“Ground transport mileage (GTM)”: Shall be assessed in actual road miles from the location of the
incident scene, or center point of a rescue demand zone where an incident scene or address is
located, to a hospital or other facility where a patient is transported.
(3) The schedule of rates for emergency ambulance transport services by the Appomattox County
Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. shall be based on a schedule as may
be set by resolution by the membership of the Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and the
membership of the Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. from time to time.
(4) The Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. shall adopt
appropriate rules and policies for the administration of the charges imposed by this section,
including and not limited to, payment standards for those persons who demonstrate economic
hardship, as established by this ordinance.
(b) Billing.
(1) Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. or its agent shall
generate a bill for ambulance transports whose point of origin is within the boundaries of Appomattox
County performed by all ambulances operated by an agency licensed and chartered in Appomattox
County by the Commonwealth of Virginia and mentioned in section 21.6(b) above. Organizations are
Tequired to submit information required for the Volunteers or their agents to generate a bill for such
services. Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. will not
generate a bill for ambulance transport by organizations mentioned in 21.6(b) above that would be
considered humanitarian assistance (meaning activities not undertaken as a result of a call for emergency
assistance to the Appomattox County Public Safety Communications Center). Due to the fact that
patient care information is highly confidential under several state and federal laws, Call Sheets/Patient
Care reports will remain the responsibility of the agency responding to individual calls. Information
shared under this subsection shall be that information reasonably necessary to accomplish the billing
process or other arrangement as mutually agreed to by the providing agency and Appomattox County.