270
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; My
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
on
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to reinstate Bil
Caldwell and Cloud Abernathy’s salaries to what they were making prior
to thier salaries being cut, effective immediately. Vote: Mr. Jamerson
nay; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and My
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to raise Charlie
Peterson’s salary to $32,000.00, effective immediately. Vote: My
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, nay; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
~_A request from Stonewall Vineyard for a permit to hold their annua
festival was presented next. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded hy
Mr. Torrence to approve the permit for Stonewall Vineyards to hol
their annual festival on October 2, 1993 and waive the bond requirement
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mm
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
att
Mrs. Ferguson presented the next item on the agenda, a request from th
Appomattox Arts Council to hold an art showing on the Courthous
grounds. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that th
Appomattox Arts Council be allowed to hold an art showing and exhibi
on April 22, 1994 on the Courthouse grounds. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, ayé
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence
aye.
Tt 0-0-0
Mrs. Ferguson presented funding request from Operating Reserve from
various departments. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
to approve the following requests:
1201-5201 Postage $ 800.00
4204-5201 Postage 500.00
1101-5805 Insurance Claims auto 234.00