672
Mrs. Evelyn Ford came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 114, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Ford stated that her concerns also were with the proposed reductions in
the School Board’s budget request. Mrs. Ford stated that her interest was mainly with the
arts and specifically music. Mrs. Ford provided members of the Board with an article
that pointed out the importance of music in a child’s life and the benefits that were
derived from a musical environment. Mrs. Ford asked the Board to fully fund the
school’s budget in order to enhance our children’s education.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Mark Shutt came forward and gave his address as Route 5 Box 1169, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Shutt explained that he had not come prepared to speak but felt compelled
to ask the Board to fund the schools at a level that would best educate our children. Mr.
Shutt asked the Board not to slide backwards but to go forward and leave the school
budget as requested by the School Board.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. John Fahrman came forward and gave his address as Route 2 Box 446, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Fahrman began by saying that he had two children in the school system
and that he was a teacher in Campbell County. Mr. Fahrman asked the Board to reinstate
funding to the school budget so that Appomattox can make efforts to move ahead of
Campbell in education.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing closed at 7:17 P.M.
Pevith Arse
Garet K. BoxigerY Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on April
26, 1999 after the public hearing on the budget in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator