Au
money must be spent by December 1994. Mr. Carwile would like to know
if this money could be retained to pay debt service for future years.
Mr. Carwile also asked if the County could borrow from local business
people to fund capitol projects.
Mr. Carwile next asked the status of the pecan tree.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that Mr. Kinne had not gotten back with Mr.
Abernathy to set a date for trimming the pecan tree..
©:Mrs. Beasley also stated that Mr. Terry Jones may be willing to cut thi
tree if Mr. Kinne is unavailable.
Mr. Torrence requested that Mrs. Ferguson request a list of items that
Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator feels should be purchased from
the bond funds.
Mr. Carwile expressed a concern with the manner in which we are setting
up our green box sites. Mr. Carwile questioned if maybe it would be
cost effective to use the smaller containers rather than the large
roll-off boxes.
Mr. Torrence stated that the original plans called for approximately
ten (10) large sites throughout the County and to eliminate the small
box sites.
Mr. Moore stated that Buckingham used small boxes with two (2)
employees to do pick-up and clean-up and it appeared to be working
quite well for them.
Mr. Carwile suggests that the Board review the decision to convert to
large boxes and see what other localities are doing.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
asked to schedule visits to Prince Edward County and Buckingham County
to view their container sites.
Mr. Torrence brought up a request from Mr. Peterson for a gas
monitoring meter to use on the closed cells. Mr. Torrence explained
that State regulations require that gas levels be monitored on closed
areas.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to know the date that these
regulations go into effect.
After discussion, no action was taken at this time.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would present the
administrative items.
Mrs. Ferguson began by presenting a request from Mrs. Janet Belter,
Treasurer, to attend the 1994 Annual Treasurer’s Convention. Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve for Mrs.