639
b. Board of Zoning Appeals: Mr. Matt Lair’s seat on this Board needs to be filled for the
term of one year expiring in October 2002. This appointment may come for any district.
Mr. Carwile recommended Mrs. Nina Beasley be appointed to this board.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mrs. Nina Beasley as a
replacement for Mr. Matt Lair on the Board of Zoning Appeals. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
c. Planning Commission: Several appointments are needed for the Planning Commission.
Also, the Commission has recommended that the structure of the commission be altered
as follows: 6 County - one for each district (plus a Board Member); two for the Town of
Appomattox and 2 from the Town of Pamplin, to better accommodate appointments from
the Board. This change would also need to be approved by the Towns of Appomattox and
Pamplin before a public hearing can be held.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to amend the Joint Planning Commission to
eliminate the requirement of a Board of Supervisor member on the Planning Commission and to
notify the Towns of Appomattox and Pamplin. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
There was some discussion regarding the new and re-appointments to the Planning Commission as
suggested. Mr. Kendrick recommended Mr. Jerry Hughes to represent the Appomattox River
District with Mr. Carter recommending Mr. Steve Conner from the Courthouse District.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept the Planning Commission
appointments as recommended excluding the Falling River District. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
8. Legislative Agenda: The Legislative Agenda has been revised as recommended by the Board.
Mr. Kendrick called for discussion on the proposed Legislative Agenda. Once the Board approves
this agenda, it will be forwarded to our Delegates, Senators, and Representatives in State
Government, VACo, Central Virginia Regional Commission and anyone else the Board wishes to
receive this. It could also be released to the media.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the Legislative Agenda as presented
and forward to the appropriate officials.
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
LEGISLATIVE AGENDA, 2001 - 2002
FINAL DRAFT
(In no order of priority)