433
Chairman Conrad called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter stated that he has several issues to bring before the Board. Mr. Carter began by
stating that an investment must be made which a full time economic development director will
accomplish by recruiting new business and retaining existing businesses which will in tum
enhance the County tax base and reduce the burden that each of us as citizens feel.
Mr. Carter asked the status of the GIS update that is being worked on with Timmons.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the process is moving along, but she is not sure at what point they are
at.
Mr. Carter next asked if there was any feedback from the Commissioner of Revenue on land use
and if not when we might be hearing from Ms. Henderson on this.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had not received any information from the Commissioner of
Revenue at this time but she would have to provide the Board with estimates by early spring to
begin work on the FY2010 budget, however she is not sure that anything will be given before
this time.
Mr. Carter stated that Chairman Conrad had stated he would make a visit to Congressman
Perriello’s office and maybe a delegation can follow suit after the initial visit has been made.
Mr. Carter stated that maybe we could get members from the EDA, Chamber of Commerce, and
School Board to make a visit after the first initial visit by Mr. Conrad.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agrees with Mr. Carter and the visit with Congressman Perriello needs
to be made.
Chairman Conrad stated that the next item for discussion would be a closed session which would
be in accordance with Section 2.2-3711(A) (3) Code of Virginia which is discussion of
acquisition and disposition of property.
Mr. Overstreet explained that the land that would be discussed under 2.2 3711(A) (3) -would be
identified for discussion as the property for the Museum of the Confederacy.
Mr. Overstreet also stated that code section 2.2-3711 (A) (7) states consultation with legal
council. Mr. Overstreet stated the he would be acting as the Boards legal council. Mr.
Overstreet stated that he would like to mention that this is specifically is relating to authority of
this Board, which is already established, concerning the water supply system by other localities
such as the County of Appomattox and the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Craft made a motion to enter into closed session at 7:43 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.