103
COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA hereafter called “County” and the TOWN OF
APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA herein called “Town”,
WHEREAS, the County and the Town entered into a certain contract dated May 1, 1989 in
which the Sheriff of Appomattox County shall be Chief Law Enforcement Officer of the Town of
Appomattox as shown on said contract attached hereto as Schedule A.
NOW, THEREFORE, WITNESSETH: That for and in consideration of the mutual covenants
and agreements contained herein, the County agrees to furnish to the Town of Appomattox law
enforcement services within the corporate limits of said Town as set forth herein.
This Agreement is made pursuant to and subject to the following covenants and restrictions:
1) The above mentioned contract dated May 24, 1989 and attached here to as Schedule A is
hereby adopted in full with the following exceptions.
A) This agreement shall be effective from July 1, 2002 to June 30, 2003.
B) Town agrees to pay unto the County during the term of the agreement a sum not to
exceed $ 80,000.00 per year, p ayable $ 40,000.00 on July 1 and $40,000.00 payable on
December 31.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
6. Family Member Exception Subdivision Amendment: The Planning Commission has
unanimously approved the proposed amendment to give clarity to this portion of the
subdivision ordinance. If the Board approves of this change a public hearing is necessary.
The date for this Public Hearing will be July 15, 2002.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recommend that a public hearing be held to
receive comments on this proposed amendment to the Family Member Exception Subdivision
Ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then called attention to the CONSENT AGENDA:
de Approval of Bills: Bills as presented for payment.
BOARD ACTION:
8 Virginia Tobacco Indemnification Grant: The Tobacco Commission has requested that
the Board designate an individual to file reimbursements with the Commission for funds
expended on the Water Study. The County Administrator was designated.
9. Personnel Policy Amendments: The following Personnel Policy changes were submitted by
the County Administrator to: 1) honor the Board’s request that all raises to County
Employees be based upon performance and 2) to give clarity to the Worker’s Compensation
section of the current policy concerning an injury that required days away from work.