265
On Monday, May 19, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held aregular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Park Lane,Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: Board of Supervisors
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G, Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and asked Mr. Conrad
to deliver the invocation. Everyone joined in the pledge of allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Craft next called for setting of the agenda, Ms. Ferguson stated that she had an item to
add to the Consent Agenda which would be Administrative Item #6A-Holiday Request.
, Chairman Craft called for citizen comments, hearing none Chairman Craft called on Mr. Conrad
to introduce the guest speaker.
Mr. Conrad introduced Mr. Tom Morelli, property tax consultant, from the Virginia Department
of Taxation. Mr. Conrad explained that Mr. Morelli is here to provide information and data on
Land Use which is an issue that has been before the Board in the past and is now coming before
the Board again. Mr. Conrad explained that Mr. Morelli would be giving an overview of Land
Use and also will give the Board a chance to ask questions.
Chairman Craft clarified that Mr. Morelli would not be answering questions on the price of land,
his expertise is in rules and regulations of land use.
Mr. Morelli presented the Board with a handout that gave the highlights of a Land Use
Ordinance.
Mr. Morelli began by giving a brief history of his experience in land use. Mr. Morelli stated that
he has been working with the Property Tax Unit for about thirty six years. Mr. Morelli stated
that Land Use is nothing new to Virginia. He explained that the General Assembly adopted this
in the early 70’s. Mr. Morelli stated that Virginian’s had to amend the constitution, which was
done in the early 60’s. He also stated that since the original drafting of this ordinance there has
had very little change.