421
WHEREAS, the Transamerica Transportation Corridor Study was created
pursuant to the Intermodal Surface Transportation Act (ISTEA) of 1991,
and
WHEREAS, the Study is broad in scope and long range in perspective and
focuses on a study corridor from California in the west to Virginia in
the east and,
WHEREAS, the Study, as envisioned by Congress, is futuristic in vision
and will consider emerging technologies and multi-modal opportunities
for transportation, and
WHEREAS, the US 460 corridor is addressed in the proposed National
Highway System as STRAHNET portion of that system, and
WHEREAS, the technical corrections bill to the 1991 ISTEA legislation
fails to name specific routes within the Commonwealth of Virginia in
its present form, and
WHEREAS, the US 460 corridor from Roanoke, Virginia to Norfolk,
Virginia, traverses a large region of the Commonwealth, which includes
the areas covered by the Central Virginia Planning District Commission,
including the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell,
the Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg and the Towns of Altavista,
Amherst, Appomattox and Brookneal, all of which have a large
underdeveloped potential for natural and human resources, and economic
development,
WHEREAS, the US Route 460 corridor could present the least costly route
through the Commonwealth, having a natural low cost crossing of the
Blue Ridge and not requiring costly bridges or tunnels to terminate at
a deep water port, while greatly enhancing the largest area of the
Commonwealth that presently does not have an interstate highway system
to serve a population in excess of two million persons, and
WHEREAS, the US Route 460 corridor would certainly serve existing and
proposed business expansion by locating them on a state-of-the-art
interstate system.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby declare its support for the development of the US
Route 460 corridor from Roanoke to Norfolk as a part of the
Transamerica Transportation Corridor and urges the Steering Committee
for Study, the Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia, the General
Assembly of Virginia and the Virginia Congressional delegation to lend
their support to this effort and amend the Technical Corrections bill
to the 1991 ISTEA legislation to so state this desire.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a resolution for the proposed secondary road
priority list for approval by the Board.