676
Mr. Carter called for nominations for Vice Chairman for the upcoming year.
Mr. Carwile nominated Mr. Hancock for the position of Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Kendrick nominated Mr. Moore for the position of Vice-Chairman
Mr. Carter called for a vote on the nomination of Mr. Hancock as Vice-Chairman. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, and Mr. Hancock, aye.
Mr. Hancock having received the majority (3) votes, there was no nay vote called for. Mr.
Hancock will be the Vice-Chairman for the upcoming year
Mr. Carter then thanked Mr. Kendrick for a job well done last year as Chairman of the Board, at
a time when the table was full. The Board had a lot of events that happened and Mr. Kendrick’s
leadership was the reason they survived and continued down the road of doing business for the
County with constructive and citizenship approval.
Mr. Carwile also thanked Mr. Kendrick for doing a fine job as Chairman, there were times when
we had to make hard core decisions and could not satisfy everyone but our intent in the end was
to do what was best for the majority of the citizens and the betterment of the County.
Mr. Carwile also stated he would be available to assist the new Chairman in any way possible
and to support him during the upcoming year.
Mr. Carter asked if the Board Members wished to continue meeting at 6:00 p.m. on the 1“ and 34
Monday of each month or if they wished to change the date and time for the next year.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to continue
meeting on the 1“ and 3" Monday of each month with a time change to 6:30 P.M. VOTE: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any additional changes the Board wished to make at this time.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt Supervisor Concerns should be moved to the end of the meeting as
this sometimes get to be a lengthy discussion.
Mr. Carter was inclined to agree.
The Board by consensus agreed to move the Supervisors’ Concerns to the last item of the agenda
for future meetings.
Mr. Carter presented the next item on the agenda: Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated he had three things to discuss:.
#1 - Entrance Signs: Mr. Carwile feels that the Board was a little hasty in making the decision