22
The Commissioner of Revenue has told us his figures are $500, $600, $800 and where
does the burden come from. There has got to be help for the farmers. But we can't
take it from our children, our schools, or by taxing our homeowners to death. He
believes there has to be a happy medium to help the farmers. He has no problem with
the Commissioner leaving things at the current value, or a maximum of $1,500.00 an
acre. Our Commissioner of Revenue is leaving and there will be a new Commissioner
coming in. He wants to support the farmers in the land use but he feels we need to
look at maybe re-visiting this next year after the new Commissioner of Revenue comes
into office. How can you vote on something that you don’t know about. How can you
vote when they tell you $500, $600, $700 — he just doesn’t see taking this from the
homeowners totally. He thinks Land Use could be a part of Appomattox County. This
would not be implemented this year, it comes into effect in 2008. Again, he thinks this
should be re-visited after the new Commissioner of Revenue takes office.
Mr. Carter: He, too, would like to comment on Land Use Taxation. He then read the
following statement:
“The subject of “Land Use” is on everyone's mind from the citizen that farms, to
residential owners, to the Board of Supervisors. We as a county are currently going
through a re-assessment that has been pronounced as a rise in land value that the
county has never experienced before. Because of this, the Board has been asked to
adopt an Ordinance to relieve the hardship/burden that will be placed upon a select
population.
This Board understands this burden but we first need to know all of the facts and data
prior to any action to be taken. This includes, (1) how many citizens qualify for this
relief; (2) how many will actually participate that qualify; (3) what is going to be the
price per acre; (4) what impact will this have across the county and (5) how are we
going to supplement the loss, and the other unknowns that this may bring?
This is a unique process that requires the Boards across the counties to put forth an
Ordinance without knowing the ramifications it imposes on a county as a whole. Quite
simply put, we are left with our hands handcuffed because of the unknown. Some say
that most of the counties in the Commonwealth already have this Ordinance in place,
but we need also to remember that we are not like the majority of these counties with a
good tax base to draw from.
We must look at the global picture on how it effects our citizens and the future of this
county. It’s not a question on not being able to satisfy everyone or even just a few, but
it's WHAT'S BEST FOR THE ENTIRE COUNTY.
Because of not being in the position of knowing even a few facts, how can you cast a
vote in the blind?”
Mr. Carter asked if there were any other items to come before the Board?
At 6:50 p.m. Mr. Carter adjourned the meeting until 7:00 p.m.