436
Ms. Ferguson asked Mr. Wingfield to explain to the Board how this program will work
and to give an example of how this program was going to be used.
Mr, Wingfield used the pipeline for an example and explained that there was a lot of
confusion during the neighborhood evacuation. With this program his office would have
been able to predetermine the road or the blanket area in the computer and call the
residents that would need to be evacuated. Mr. Wingfield explained that during the
pipeline explosion they would have been able to immediately call the affected area and
we could have also sent a blanket message to the entire county to verify the accident and
it would have helped keeping the rumors down. Mr. Wingfield explained that this
program is similar to the school systems program.
Mr. Wingfield stated that he had talked with Mr. Perrow about bringing the school board
on this program, but was told that their program was so detailed with the SASSY
accountability program that it would be a huge undertaking, but it is something that will
possibly be looked into at a later date.
Chairman Conrad called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Craft questioned if it would cost more to have the school come onto our system. Mr.
Wingfield explained that it should not cost any more due to the size of the community,
however what would cost more would be the amount of minutes, but he has added extra
minutes in the contract and there are very few notifications that will be sent out.
Mr. Conrad asked when this would take effect. Mr. Wingfield stated that this could be in
effect within a month.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to accept the contract with Roam Secure Inc. for Emergency
Notification System (Reverse 911). Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion from the Board, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item# 1 — Request from VACo for
Resolution on the Proposed State Budget. Chairman Conrad called for discussion on the
enclosed resolution.
Mr. Craft stated that if we were going to have mandates we need the money to go with
them. Chairman Conrad agreed with this comment and stated that this was being
proposed within the resolution.
Chairman Conrad stated that this document can be approved with some minor changes
that they feel are relevant to the County.
Mr. Craft stated that the increase in sales tax would be hard to handle. Ms. Ferguson
stated that it would be collected at state level and then sent back to the localities which
are how they do it now.