179
Al Sears
Shannon Dews
Steve Conner
Calvin Tanner
Marvin Mitchell
Barry Morris
Jerry Hughes
Bryan Baines
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. - Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the Public Hearing to order and read the following
statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by
the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or against the
petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the
record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Spencer.
Mr. Spencer stated there was only one petition to be considered:
#05-556 — Hackett Enterprises. The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use
Permit to allow the operation of a concrete contracting business on Route 460 between
Route 609 and Route 667. The subject property, identified as Tax Map No. 60(4)B, is
5.05 acres in size and is zoned Industrial District M-1.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Ms. Wendy Ford, 85 Amy Road, Rustburg, Va. . Ms. Ford stated she is
representing Ragnarok, Inc. who wish to purchase the property that was previously
ShadowWood Nursery next to Bohannon Electric Co. Ms. Ford stated they have twenty-
one (21) employees and have been in business approximately 8 years. They have been
involved in the concrete business for about 29 years. They are not a concrete business
but a concrete contracting business.
Mr. Spencer called for additional comments for this petition.
Mr. Spencer called for comments against this petition.
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Spencer turned the hearing back to Mr. Carter.