648
referendum and let the people decide. That is my reason and I ask Aileen that this be put
in the minutes.”
Mr. Bosiger then presented the next item on the agenda, committee and board
appointments.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Regional Renaissance was asking for an appointment to their
Board of Directors. Mr. Bosiger reminded the other members of the Board that this was
not their first request for an appointment.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there were several appointments necessary to the
Disability Services Board.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Linda Booth to the
Disability Services Board for a term to expire October 31, 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reappoint Mr. Ferguson to the
Disability Services Board for a term to expire October 31, 2001. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for a Musical or Entertainment Festival Permit
application for Stonewall Vineyards Mayfest. Stonewall Vineyards also asked that their
bond be waived.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve Stonewall Vineyards
Musical or Entertainment Permit for their Mayfest and waive the bond requirement.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that there was information enclosed for the Board’s review
concerning the second phase of the roof replacement at the High School. Mr. Bosiger
continued that since Mr. Blair Smith and Dr. Krug were in the audience he would like for
them to come forward to answer questions that the members of the Board might have.
After a lengthy discussion, it was agreed to hold this matter until the April 15, 1999
meeting for Mr. Smith to provide information that the Board requested and explain
several areas of concern with the bids received.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that there were a number of supplemental appropriation
requests for Board approval.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the following
supplemental appropriations:
$18,743.00 to 2106-7001