487
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:04 P.M. and called on Mr. Torrence to
deliver the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the minutes of the
regular meetings of September 8, 1998 and September 21, 1998; and a joint public
hearing of September 21, 1998 as presented. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer, VDOT, to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Austin began by explaining the Board needed to set a date for a work session on the
Six-Year Plan.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, October 26, 1998 at 6:00 P.M. at the
VDOT Residency Office, was scheduled as the work session on the Six-Year Plan.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the members of the Board had received a copy of a letter from
Mr. Tom Pittman complaining about the railroad crossing on Main Street and asked if the
Board wished to adopt a resolution requesting the railroad move the tracks closer to the
depot, in order for VDOT to fix the access ramps.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox is concerned for the safety of each of its citizens
and the many people who drive across the Church Street crossing of the Norfolk and
Southern Railroad at Church Street in the Town of Appomattox; and
WHEREAS, the message of traffic safety must be extended to all people and make them
aware of all hazards; and
WHEREAS, the number of tractor trailers who become stuck on the Church Street
crossing and are unable to extricate themselves have been numerous; and
WHEREAS, we feel this problem can be eliminated by moving the existing tracks closer
to main street; and
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED THAT, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors requests that the Virginia Department of Transportation and Norfolk
Southern continue to pursue this matter until this safety hazard is corrected.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Austin asked if any Supervisor had problems for him to look into.