IN|e
533
Motivation — What is the reason for taking this action at this time?
I think this whole issue needs to be studied more carefully by all of the
new members of the Board. Four months in office does not make many
citizens feel comfortable about any decision these gentlemen might make
about such a vital issue. What's the hurry? If there was an emergency
situation or if there is an emergency situation, why didn’t Mr. Carter and
the previous Board Members act if this was such a serious situation?
What has changed?
The Town of Appomattox is in need of water, is that the case or are you
projecting for future needs? Do we need to have this done in the next
two or three years? Do we need it yesterday? What is the possibility of
drilling another well? Surveys have already been done for a reservoir,
why not consider that. She understands that Watkins Abbitt had a survey
done for a reservoir about 20 years ago. She asks the Board to take a look
at this.
What are we paying Region 2000 for? The April issue of the Region 2000
magazine does not mention Appomattox. Perhaps you gentlemen do not
care how we spend our money. We would like to hear a vote on not
giving Region 2000 one cent more until they show us that they have done
something for us. Every now and then the little guy at the bottom of the
pile gets angry and wants his share of the action.
We have been paying for 911 for a number of years and it is important
that some issues and/or problems be resolved before we put more on our
plates. This is part of the problem. She feels that a lot of people, between
the stress of the economy, the stress of the war, everybody wanting
something done immediately, have found themselves in a situation where
they feel we just have too much on our plates. This brings me to my last
question —- What about the Elementary School? Are we having a museum
over there or are we having something else - What is going on? Where is
all the money coming from? Why don’t you address and provide a
solution to some of the problems we already have before getting us into
another or is this a smoke screen to hide something else?
The questions are here, gentlemen. What I ask you to do is just consider them.
You have some very intelligent, very cool minded people in Appomattox, why not
use them. She loves Appomattox, she is the secretary of the Spout Spring
Ruritan Club and they do so many things to help our County and the Town. You
need to get more information out to the people so they can make a good
decision, a wise decision, one that comes from a real deliberation not a knee-jerk
reaction.