464
rating of ninety-four per cent and cited no deficiencies in either patient care or building suitability;
and,
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth has yet to devise a medically superior, more compassionate
alternative to those citizens in need of the unique care that Piedmont provides,
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors,
Appomattox, Virginia, that it respectfully requests the Governor, the members of the Virginia State
Senate and the members of the Virginia House of Delegates remove Piedmont Geriatric Hospital
from any plan that recommends its closure, guaranteeing its continued service to the special needs
of the Commonwealth’s elderly citizens with mental illness.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
7. Central Virginia Disability Services Board: The Board at it’s last meeting tabled this
appointment. Since that meeting Mr. Carroll has learned that this appointee needs to be from a local
government agency. What does the Board wish to do?
There was much discussion regarding this appointment.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Andy Carroll to serve as
Appomattox County’s representative on the Central Virginia Disability Services Board. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick presented the next order of business, Consent Agenda: (Items 8 - 13)
8. Approval of Bills:
Bills for the month of Decmeber,2000 presented for payment.
9. Health Department Contract Amendment:
The Health Department is requesting the Board to authorize Mr. Carroll or the Chairman to
execute the Amendment to the Statement of Agreement. This does not increase local funds.
Mr. Carroll is requesting the Board authorize him to execute the Budget Admendment.
10. Old Landfill Balers: Mr. Carroll is requesting permission to sell two (2) small cardboard balers
that were used prior to the establishment of the current bailing facility. These balers are no longer
needed for our current operation.
11. Board Appropriations:
a. Sport Complex Special Account: Please appropriate $1,000.00 to this account for a
donation received for landscaping.
b. Building Permit Refund: Please appropriate $34.91 from 1101-5803 - Refunds to pay
Mr. Joel Dawson for a building permit issued and since has been changed.
12. Supplemental Appropriations:
a. Library: Mr. Carroll is requesting to close out the special Library fund at the Treasurers
office and add the $10,317.07 balance to line item 7301-5840 - Special Library Fund. This represents
monies donated and appropriations from this line item would be approved by the Library Board. Any
funds remaining at the end of the fiscal year would automatically be rolled over to the next.