205
Mr. Overstreet stated the most counties are presently trying to have theCommonwealth Attorney stay in Circuit Court and have assistants to handleJuvenile and General District Courts. In the Past, the presence of theCommonwealth’s Attorney was not required in the lower courts as it is today. Hefeels this practice is helpful.
Ms. Ferguson stated the Board did not have to debate whether or not he wouldget this position, the request to the Board of Supervisors is _if we will provide theadditional $4,000.00.
It was the consensus of the Board of Supervisors not to fund this additional $4,000.00for the position of the Assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney as requested by Mr. Puckett.
6. Status of Old Courthouse: This was discussed in connection with theAppomattox Elementary School.
Status of Regional Jail: Ms. Ferguson reminded everyone that they would be
meeting with the Blue Ridge Regional Jail on Monday, August 29", at 10:00 a.m.
to feel them out and see where we can fit into the picture. There may be some
avenue for us to participate with them right away considering some facilities
changes that they have and were not aware of about six months ago. Ms.
Ferguson will keep the Board informed of the outcome of this meeting.
Health Insurance: Ms. Ferguson stated she would like to clarify some things
regarding the Health Insurance. The Board presently pays the Employee's Part
of the Blue Care 300. This does not have a network of participating physicians.
The employees are free to choose their own physician. Because the premium
went up from $341.?? to $363.96, the School Board said they could not afford to
pay that amount. Because they would not pay the full amount of the Blue Care
300, several options were discussed. It was determined that the employees beoffered a dual option, the Blue Care 300 as well as another option, which we
went with, the Key Care 500. This plan has a higher deduction and a higher out
of pocket expense and there is a list of preferred providers. The lower of the
two premiums is $334.84 a month, for employee only. Anthem hoped the
employees would go with the Key Care 500 because they felt this is a managed
care insurance and is the better plan. After many meetings and many
arguments, we decided to offer the dual options, and that the Board would pay
the Key Care 500 employee premium which is $334.84 a month because theSchool could not pay the full Blue Care 300 of $363.96. Ms. Ferguson allowed
in the budget a 11.3% increase in health insurance for all County employees,
Sheriff's Department, Commonwealth Attorney, Treasurer, Commissioner of
Revenue and all other county employees. What we are talking about is there is
money in our budget to pay $363.96 for all our employees. During the
discussion process, and the budget process, Ms. Martin of the School Board, said“that because the Board of Supervisors reduced their budget so drastically, they
are unable to pay the Blue Care premium on our employees and you all voted
that you would not pay more for your employees than what we can pay towards
our employees”. This was presented to you, you confirmed that, so Ms.