‘
He would like to bring up a couple of things. It appears that there may be approximately 4500
acres committed at this time and from what we learned from a meeting a couple of week ago, the
two suppliers that are coming to Appomattox, spreading about 20 acres a day each, this comes to
100 days of spread the first year. We also learned that it takes 10 tons of biosolids to equal 1 ton
of 10-10-10 fertilizer. Recently in Farmville, biosolids were spread on a farm four miles away
from Longwood College and the smell was so bad it ruined all the outside activities for “college
for a weekend” events. Roanoke as well is having problems with polluted water supply, the cause
of which has not been established;.
He would like to make some suggestions to the ones already made, it bothers him to think about
what the State and Federal Governments are trying to do us. The farmers who have applied for
biosolid use are all fine people, trying to save money and cut costs. The Federal Government
says it is fine to put this on private property but you cannot put it on any Federal Park land and he
doubts they would allow it in the State Forests, because it creates pine tree bugs. Approximately
90% of our County is a potential dumping ground for this sludge. He recommends the 7%
sloping, deed restriction, requiring the injection method and extending the setbacks. He hopes we
will never be intimidated by these people (the contractors) who only want to make money.
He would also like to suggest that we prohibit with the dumping of biosolids until we have proof
without a shadow of a doubt that they are safe for our children’s and grandchildren’s future, this
is our greatest challenge.
Mr. Torrence would like to suggest that the Board of Supervisors put a hold on the requested
permits; meet with the applicants on behalf of the vast majority of the citizens you represent and
formulate alternatives to the use of biosolids; continue to lobby the State Legislature to allow
localities to determine whether or not they allow biosolids in their County and to ban the
dumping of sewage sludge in Appomattox County as soon as the law allows and allow us to
continue providing for waste generated only in the County of Appomattox.
Mr. Carter next read several petitions signed by citizens against the spreading of biosolids:
one petition contained approximately 150 signatures;
one petition containing approximately 100 signatures;
and one containing approximately 60 names.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone who did not sign up to speak wished to do so.
Mr. Ernest Harris of Route 1, Appomattox, Va came forward.
Mr. Harris began by stating “you have heard a lot of propaganda, but now you will hear some
facts”.