558
Mrs. Ferguson next reviewed the letter from Mr. & Mrs. Moore J.
Thompson concerning the County’s proposal for a "super site" on Route
608.
After review, the concensus of the Board was to turn this matter over
to the County Attorney for further action.
A letter from U. S. Corrections Corporation was reviewed, asking if th
County was interested in a site for a correctional facility.
No action was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson presented information on a grant application submitted
requesting funds in the amount of $15,459.04 from the A. L. Philpott
Economic Development Commission. Mrs. Ferguson continued by explainin
that this grant required a 50/50 cash match by the County and could
only be used for economic development.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
A. L. PHILPOTT SOUTHSIDE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
COMMISSION MATCHING GRANT PROJECT
WHEREAS, the A. L. Philpott Southside Economic Development Commission
was awarded a state appropriation of $675,000.00 for grants for
economic development projects in Southside Virginia; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County is eligible for a per capita allocation of
$15,459.04 from the Philpott Commission; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is committed to
economic development enhancement for all of its citizens; and
WHEREAS, it is the intent of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisoy
to submit an individual project to increase economic development
opportunities in Appomattox County;
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, through this resolution, requests the A. L. Philpott
Southside Economic Development Commission reserve the $15,459.04 per
capita share allocated for Appomattox County; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisory
hereby agrees to a cash match of $15,459.04 for the Philpott grant
funds.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.