478
retain some of the rural areas of our county and not become a place like Loudoun
County and a lot of other places. He has talked with members of other counties that
were rather late in going to Land Use and they have said that they wish they had take
action on this earlier because they are in that urban sprawl that a lot of counties find
themselves in now.
Farm Bureau and Mr. Mays, Commissioner of Revenue, did a minimal survey where we
used a nine percent property report at random to get a preliminary survey and Mr. Mays
is working on a complete survey. What Farm Bureau would like the Board of
Supervisors to do, once Mr. Mays finishes his complete survey, is to sit down and have a
work session with the Board, some members of Farm Bureau, one who has worked up
all these preliminary reports for the whole state of Virginia. Only about 60% of the
counties that can apply for land use, use it. The rest do not. We are losing land across
the area at a rapid rate and agriculture is still the biggest employer in the State of
Virginia. They found in the preliminary survey that for every dollar spent, the
agricultural and forest land, bought from twelve to twenty cents. Most of our figures
came from information available in 1998.
Mark Campbell is the area field representative for ten counties in Central Virginia. All
they are asking is that the Board decided whether or not they would be willing to hold
this work session.
Mr. Campbell stated that land use is a tax equity program. Farm land does not require
as many services as residential areas. In the revenue impact study, he pulled a random
sample of tax cards and assessed the total amount of revenue from these. The
proposed impact if the County were to implement land use, the assessed value land use
was $100.00 per acre (low). 75% of Virginia counties have a land use preservation.
Mr. Conrad questioned what the impact was to counties that have the land use and
those that do not.
Initially when a county adopts a land use program, they get a tax increase. Studies
showed a tax rate increase of .04 cents per hundred. Initially, the county may or may
not have a tax rate increase and re-assessment would play into this also. Land Use is
beneficial to the County.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Pickett and Mr. Campbell.
Mr. Carter next introduced Mr. Terry Brennen, Forest Management Specialist,
Virginia De f_F : Mr. Brennen meets with the Board to give the
annual forest report and to present the County a check for a portion of the proceeds
from timber sales in the State Forests.
Mr. Brennen began by presenting the County with a check in the amount of $29,814.71
which represents 25% of the proceeds from timber sales in the State Forests.
Mr. Brennen stated that he has two (2) great loves in his life. One is his wife of 43
years and the other “his mistress” of 28 years, the Department of Forestry. In the state