26
from any public right of way. Property is Tax Map #’s 63(A) 9 and 63(A) 11 (portions
of).
Mr. Roark called for comments on these petitions.
Carl Reeves, 457 Red House Road, Appomattox, VA: He sat in the last meeting
of the Planning Commission and a comment was made regarding spot zoning. He read
the following item from “The Planners Web-Planning Commissioners Journal”. “While
rezoning decisions that only affect a single portion or a small amount of land are most
often the subject of spot zoning claims as opposed to rezoning large areas, a locality can
lawfully rezone a small portion if its action is shown to be consistent with the areas land
use policies.” He also stated that since this has been discussed and they have been
trying to get this done for some time, there has been some rumors that he would like to
squelch. One rumor in particular is that a certain reai estate firm would be getting rich
off this deal. He would like to assure you, no real estate firm is involved in this at all.
Most that are here this evening are here in favor of this being done. The location is
somewhat isolated as you have seen from the presentation, but it is very convenient. In
addition to the building, they would also own the entrance from Police Tower Road.
With sixty (60+) plus students at this time, a full facility, and a full staff, if they cannot
find a building, they will have to go outside the county. We do not prefer to have our
children in public school, not that there is anything wrong with the public school system,
we just prefer a Christian school. This is a great need for this community and the
county and we have a lot of choices in grocery stores, and many other things, why not a
choice in schools.
Mr. Armbrust questioned Mr. Reeves about the use of the entrance road from Police
Tower Road being limited to use by the school. Reply was they had not considered this
at the present time.
Dr. Hubler, 618 Redfields Road, Appomattox, VA: As Mr. Reeves has alluded to,
we represent about sixty (60) children at present and those represent twenty (20) some
churches in our community. The Vera property represents a beautiful and ready to go
facility to accommodate us today. We ask that you grant the petition so our school can
open this next year. The second petition, Route 460, represents a future campus and
we would not have to ever build another outside wall or pour another foundation. All of
our events and class rooms would go within those walls and he has learned a lot about
zoning issues that different people and different counties do. He thinks both the Vera
and Route 460 are excellent locations. Schools are always an enhancement to a
community. He feels they can secure the 460 property, as it is set back from the
highway and there would be no traffic other than the dropping off and picking up of
students. He asks that both of these petitions be approved.
Ms. Marcy Jones, 2101 Salem Road, Spout Spring, VA: She is the head mistress
for Cornerstone Christian Academy. She wonders if any of you realize how many
hundreds of people have kept you in prayer for these six (6) plus weeks. Not just the
normal Sunday prayers asking the Lord to guide you in your role as the governing body
of Appomattox County but prayers asking the Lord to grant you wisdom and
discernment in making a decision that will have an immediate affect on sixty (60)