151
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
her.
Mr. Paulette next called Messers. Wayne Bowman and Greg Winston to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Wayne Bowman began by giving a forestry report for the past year.
After his annual report Mr. Bowman presented the County with a check in
the amount of $37,791.69.
Mr. Greg Winston then gave an overview of the spring fire season
stating that there were 12 forest fires involving a total of nine acres
of forest land. Mr. Winston continued with a very interesting report
of some of his departments other activities.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Messers. Winston and Bowman and called
for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked if the Animal Control Committee was in place?
Mrs. Ferguson stated it was in place as of this date.
Mr. Carwile next stated that he wanted the Board to strongly consider
having a new roof put on the jail.
Ms. Ferguson provided background information on the jail roof. Ms.
Ferguson also stated that Mr. Moore could provide additional
information on this subject.
Mr. Moore explained he had been working to repair the roof and felt
they were making progress.
Mr. Carwile next stated he had received comments from the public that
they want to see the "old jail" remain open as a museum.
Mr. Carwile, also reminded the Board that he wanted to continue to
pursue the spreading of processed sludge on the landfill.
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments. Hearing none, he presented the
first administrative item, a request by the County Administrator for
increased contribution toward the Blue Cross/Blue Shield premium, for
County employees.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
pay $170.50 on the Blue Cross/Blue Shield premium for County
employees. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that an Oversight Committee needed to be
appointed for the Indoor Plumbing Rehabilitation program. Mr. Paulette
explained three (3) members were needed (one local government
representative; one at-large representative and one advocate for low to
moderate income citizens.