665
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from Ann Lawson, Recreation
Director, to attend her annual conference.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Ann Lawson,
Recreation Director, to attend the Virginia Recreation and Parks
Society conference and pay expenses from 1101-5504. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Mr. Lawson
attending the Commonwealth Attorney’s annual meeting and pay expenses
from 1101-5504. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that Supervisor Torrence was requesting the
Board consider requesting bids for mowing the "Super Sites".
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Registrar for tile
flooring to replace the carpet in her office, due to water damage.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
replace the carpet in the Registrar’s Office, if necessary.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Appomattox Senior
Woman’s Club, to use the County logo as one of the designs in a "lap
throw" they plan to make and sell for a fund raiser.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
allow the Appomattox Senior Woman’s Club to use the County logo design
in their "lap throw". Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Health Department for the
Board to reconsider their FY96 budget reduction. Mr. Paulette
explained that by reducing local funds by $5,000.00 state funds would
be reduced by $11,174.00.
After discussion and by consensus, the Board agreed to further consider
this request at the August 1995 meeting and asked Mrs. Ferguson to have
Dr. Harris provide further information.
Mr. Paulette asked if the Board wished to publish the Delinquent Real
Estate and Personal Property tax lists.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to obtain a price for
publishing these lists and provide this information to the Board.
Mr. Paulette then asked the Board to establish a date to interview for
the Maintenance Position.
After discussion, and by consensus, July 13, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the
jury room of the Courthouse, was set to interview applicants for the
Maintenance Position.