469
a reprint of a History of Appomattox that was originally published in 1932. Mr. Phelps
explained that he was selling these reprints for $20.00 in an effort to raise funds to
purchase the new statue. Mr. Phelps continued that the present statue, with the Board’s
approval, would be placed either in the Library or the Museum under glass, in order to
preserve it. Mr. Phelps then asked for the Board’s approval to move ahead with this
project.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed for Mr. Phelps to continue
with this project.
Mr. Phelps then explained that he was presently working on getting information for
repairs needed on the eternal flame, due to a tree limb falling on it, and would get with
Mrs. Ferguson once he had obtained the necessary information.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Phelps and called on Mr. David Nash to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Nash explained that he was coming before the Board to request they consider
changes to the Subdivision Ordinance in order to require that streets be constructed to
State Secondary Road standards in all subdivisions in the County. Mr. Nash continued
that he had visited some subdivisions in Campbell County that he felt were unacceptable
and did not want this situation to occur in Appomattox County. Mr. Nash explained that
he was still in favor of the family exception as was presently in our ordinance.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Nash for his comments.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Ms. Vivian Seay to appear before the Board.
Ms. Seay began by explaining that the first page of her handout was a copy of the original
plat that was on record in the Clerk’s Office. Ms. Seay then explained that her request
was dealing with lots 7 and 12, which the original plats, show going to the river. Ms.
Seay continued that a later survey revealed that the lots do not in fact go to the river. Ms.
Seay continued that her request was for a special exemption that would allow these two
lots to be amended to show what the original plat showed. Ms. Seay continued that in
order to correct this problem a small portion of lot 12 would have to be added to lot 7.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to grant a special
exception and allow a portion of Lot 12 to be added to Lot 7 in Wolf Creek Estates.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Ms. Seay.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.