277
County to pay rent under the lease agreement will be subject to the Board of Supervisors of the
County making annual appropriations for such purpose. The Series A Note and the Series B Note
will be secured by an assignment of rents to the Bank as the holder thereof. If the Board of
Supervisors exercises its right not to appropriate money for rent payments, the Bank may
terminate the lease or otherwise exclude the County from possession of the 1998 Projects and the
Courthouse Project, subject to judicial authority as to the Courthouse Project. The issuance of the
Series A Note and the Series B Note on the terms of the Central National Bank Proposal to be set
forth in a note purchase agreement is hereby approved. The documents referenced herein, the
lease agreement, ground lease, note purchase agreement, escrow agreement and assignment
agreement shall be hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Documents”.
5. The Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Authority, or either of them, and Secretary of the
Authority are each hereby authorized and directed to execute the Documents and such other
instruments and documents as are necessary to create and perfect a complete assignment of the
rents and profits due or to become due in favor of the Bank, to issue the Series A Note and Series
B Note, to advance refund the Outstanding 1998 Bonds and to lease the Courthouse Project and to
re-lease the 1998 Projects.
6. The Authority agrees to the recommendation of the County that Sands, Anderson, Marks
& Miller, a Professional Corporation, Richmond, Virginia, serve as bond counsel and hereby
appoints such firm to supervise the proceedings and approve the issuance of the Series A Note and
Series B Note and consents to such firm acting in such capacity as well as County Attorney and, as
special counsel to the Authority in this financing.
ds The Authority represents and covenants that it shall not take or omit to take any action
the taking or omission of which will cause the Series A Note or the Series B Note to be “arbitrage
bonds” within the meaning of Section 148 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”) or otherwise cause the interest on the Series A Note or the Series B Note to be includable
in gross income for Federal income tax purposes under existing law. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Authority shall comply with any provision of law that may require
the Authority at any time to rebate to the United States any part of the earnings derived from the
investment of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Series A Note or Series B Note; provided,
however, the Authority is relying upon all such actions and payments, if any, to be done and made
by the County.
8. Any authorization herein to execute a document shall include authorization to deliver it to
the other parties thereto and to record such document where appropriate.
9. All other acts of the officers of the Authority that are in conformity with the purposes and
intent of this resolution and in furtherance of the issuance and sale of the Series A Note and the
Series B Note, the advance refunding of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds and the undertaking of the
acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project is hereby approved,
ratified and confirmed.
10. The County by acceptance of this financing agrees to indemnify, defend and save
harmless, to the extent permitted by law, the Authority, its officers, directors, employees and
agents from and against all liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, fines, losses, costs
and expenses in any way connected with the Authority, the issuance of the Series A Note and the
Series B Note, the advance refunding of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds or the acquisition, design,
construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project.
11. Nothing in this Resolution, the Series A Note, the Series B Note, or the Documents shall
constitute a debt or a pledge of the faith and credit of the Authority or the County, and the
Authority shall not be obligated to make any payments under the Series A Note, the Series B Note
or the Documents except from payments made by or on behalf of the County under the lease
agreement pursuant to annual appropriation thereof in accordance with applicable law.