567
On Monday, June 15, 2009 at 7:05 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
public hearing at the Appomattox Community Center, located on 220 Community Lane,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the Public Hearing to order at 7:05 p.m.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Roark, Planner, to come and brief the Board on the petitions to
be heard at tonight’s public hearing.
Mr. Roark came forward and explained that the Board would be hearing petition # CUP09003 of
Ed and Carol Lawler who are requesting a Conditional Use Permit for property located off
Hidden Treasure Lane in order to operate a swim club. Mr. Roark explained the swim club
would be operated from an existing pool house that is adjacent to the Lawler’s residence. Mr.
Roark stated that the Planning Commission made the following recommendation at its June 8,
2009 meeting:
For reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare and good zoning practice, the
Appomattox County Planning Commission moves to recommend approval of the Conditional
Use Permit petition of Edward and Carol Lawler to locate a swim club with the following
conditions:
1. Ifthe property is sold or leased, thereby becoming a secondary residence for the
petitioner, then the conditional use permit will become invalid.
Chairman Conrad called for questions or comments from the public, hearing no comments
Chairman Conrad ask Mr. Roark to proceed with next petition.
Mr. Roark next presented petition CUP09004 of Pam Chappell and explained Ms. Chappell is
requesting a Conditional Use Permit for property located off of Church Street in order to operate
acommercial kennel. The property is located adjacent to the Town of Appomattox. Ms.
Chappel’s residence is located in the Town of Appomattox while the kennel is located in the
County. Mr. Roark stated that Ms. Chappel owns approximately 3.0 acres and combined with
the residential areas the total acreage is approximately 6.77 acres and is zoned A-1. Mr. Roark