685
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lawson if there was any way to put this matter to rest.
Mr. Lawson stated that the only thing he knew to do would be to have Mr. Caldwell
check the site and issue warrants for any violations that were noted.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt that there was no choice in this matter.
Mr. Carwile questioned if the proper way, instead of putting the burden on the Board,
was to have enough citizen input come before the Board to back up and justify Board
action.
Mr. Bosiger stated that the citizens were calling him and asking why the Board would not
help them by enforcing the ordinance.
Mr. Carwile stated that we were moving into a different phase with the chicken litter.
Mr. Moore stated that violations of the code existed and he felt something should be
done.
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not want to give the impression that the Board was acting
as police officers looking for problems. Mr. Carwile continued that all he was saying
was the Board needed justification from the people up there with a grievance it would
give more support for the Board to act.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he did not understand why Mr. Carwile was not getting calls on
this matter since it was in his district.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had received calls from both sides. Mr. Carwile continued that
there were people who spoke well of Mr. Bobby Moore at the public hearing.
Mr. Torrence stated that the Board had personally observed that something was wrong
and that there had been hearing after hearing on this matter and that the Board had a
responsibility to take action on this matter. He continued that the people had complained
and called and called and no action was taken to help them out.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt the Board did not have a choice.
Mr. Torrence stated that there was no nice way to handle this.
Mr. Carwile stated that this issue was dealing with the Wreck Island people and with
what he had to look at he would have to be a neutral party in this matter.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he had voted against his convictions about increasing the Board of
Supervisors salary in order to make it a unanimous decision. Mr. Bosiger continued that
he felt that sometime you had to take a stand.