100
20. Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conversation District Annual Report:
Annual Report has been received.
Mr. Carter called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Carter stated he wished to read a letter regarding the Appomattox County National
Honor Society. “Thank you so very much for the opportunity to come before you on
April 24, 2005 at 3:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County High School Auditorium. Our
National Honor Society Members recognizes how invaluable our Appomattox County
Volunteers are and wish to honor them during National Volunteer Appreciation Week.
We will be presenting them with individual certificates, framed department certificates,
and small favors as well as light refreshments and entertaining them with jazz music.”
This is an invitation to the Board of Supervisors to attend this event to be held on
Sunday, April 24, 2005 at 3:00 p.m. at the High School Auditorium.
At 6:49 p.m. Mr. Carter called a recess until after the Public Hearing, scheduled for 7:00
p.m.
At 7:53 P.M. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting.
Mr. Carter called Gary Christie, Executive Director Region 2000 Regional
Commission to address the Board: Mr. Christie is present to update the Board on the
Regional Commission and to discuss with you a name change for the Commission.
Mr. Christie stated he is relatively new to the area. He was previously County
Administrator of New Kent County so he has experience from the County side and has
worked with City/Town areas as he has in the past served as Town Manager of South
Boston, VA. He is looking forward to working with the County to do some really
interesting things. One of the things they are doing to make their organization more
effective is to take four (4) regional organizations and blend them into one that would
be more cost effective and have better communications within their organization. They
have the Region 2000 Economic Development Partnership, Region 2000 Technology
Council, Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board as well as the Planning District
Commission. Each of these organizations have separate Boards, as well as some of
them are located in different places. This new organization will be called the “Virginia’s
Region 2000 Regional Council”. The local tag will be “Local Government Council”. To
make this happen, they need all their member jurisdictions to approve a charter change
which will authorize them to go from a “regional commission” to a “regional council”.
This will give people one place to call, one place to e-mail and one web site that would
give more information in a much more efficient manner.
Mr. Christie thanked the Board for allowing him to speak tonight and for allowing the
Regional Commission to work with them during the past.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following resolution
authorizing a name change for the Region 2000 Regional Commission:
Whereas, the Region 2000 Regional Commission desires to create a wider and more efficient
network of regional governmental services, and