141
Hearing no Supervisor’s Concerns, Mr. Carter reminded everyone of the upcoming meetings:
Tuesday, September 3, 2002 - 6:30 p.m. Regular Board Meeting
Monday, September 16, 2002 6:30 p.m. Regular Board Meeting.
At 10:00 p.m., Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Tuesday, September 3, 2002 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regularly
scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,
Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and asked Mr. Kendrick to deliver the invocation.
Due to the number of persons present regarding the discussion on the Courthouse Project, Mr. Carter
asked for a consensus of the Board to rearrange the agenda as written in order to discuss item #2
under Administrative Items: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
2. - Courthouse:
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Moore. Mr. Moore stated he had not signed the
petition because it did not address the question of saving the Old Courthouse. It does address moving
the courthouse across the street. He would like to say a few words in defense of the Board Members
who had voted to tear down the Old Courthouse. 1) They, as well as himself, believed the Hunter
property was unacceptable for a new courthouse; 2) The Board was told that the referendum would
fail. They wanted to reduce the tax burden on the citizens of Appomattox County through
consolidation and they wanted to comply with Judge Poston=s time line. This proposal and