283
repairs will also be made to other problem areas of the roof. The Congressional
Appropriations money has been earmarked for this project plus the Tobacco
Commission has been asked to redirect funds remaining from an earlier grant.
The County will be responsible for approximately $5,000 of the $170,000 project
cost. Staff recommends entering into an agreement with HDH in the amount of
$16,900 for design work.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to enter
into a contract with HDH for Design Work at Carver-Price School. ROLL CALL VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
3. Resolution of Support for New Jail Construction Project: Amherst County
Board of Supervisors recently passed a resolution as a means of requesting
support from its local legislators for the concept of a regional jail located in
Amherst County and housing inmates from Amherst, Appomattox and the
Bedford Annex of the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority. It is recommended that
Appomattox County adopt a similar resolution.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Watkins Abbitt has been contacted on a couple of occasions to
request assistance in pushing this through. Since then, there have been some
developments that we were unaware of. In conjunction with this, Legislative Day we
hope to have dinner with all of the legislators and ask for their help and assistance in
getting this pushed through. Any Board Member who can attend this Legislative Day
event (February 9, 2006) is encouraged to do so.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to Adopt the
following Resolution of Support for the New Jail Construction Project.
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
NEW JAIL CONSTRUCTION PROJECT
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County jail was originally designed and constructed for a
maximum daily population of 12 and has been at it’s present location for the past 25
years, and
WHEREAS, _ the jail has seen an increase of 72% or an average daily population of 25
in the last 8 years and
WHEREAS, the current design is considered antiquated by today’s standards and lacks
the needed program and administrative space, and
WHEREAS, these deficiencies make jail supervision, inmate population management
and control difficult due to the jail’s antiquated design which is further exacerbated by
current overcrowding and continued growth in the average daily population, and