318
feet for automobile repairs and showroom and offices on the front of the building will
be compatible with any new car businesses around.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak on this petition. Hearing none, he read
the last petition.
Petition #05-564 — Fred Jones: Applicant is requesting to amend the Conditional
Use Permit for property located on Richmond Highway (Route 460) between Peaceful
Meadow Road (Route 732 and Cedar Cove Lane (Route 646) to delete the condition that
sole access be from Richmond Highway (Route 460) (Application 89-019). Tax Map
#62-5-C.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Mr. Wayne Williams, stated that this request is made due to the fact that traffic
leaving the business, headed back east to Appomattox would have to cross two lanes of
traffic within in a short distance to make the left turn at the crossover. If this traffic
were allowed to use Route 646, it would be easier to see both directions and cross the
highway at the crossover at the intersection of Route 646 and Route 460.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition. Hearing none, Mr.
Roark read the following letter in opposition to this petition.
February 17, 2006
Dear Mr. Roark:
Due to a previous engagement I am unable to attend the public hearing scheduled for
February 21, 2006. However, I would like my letter read and recorded in the minutes.
I have lived on State Route 646 for 20 years and have several concerns pertaining to the
proposed Conditional Use Permit 89-019, to delete access from Route 460 and have new
access from Route 646.
My first concern, is that at the purposed location of the entrance, the road is curved and
narrow. At the present time while meeting another car you either have to stop or go off
onto the shoulder of the road to pass.
Secondly, this being a dead-end road with only one outlet does not need a business
entrance at the end of it where we have to try to enter into Route 460. This will just
cause congestion coming in and out at the intersection.
Thirdly, we already have two apartment buildings and several rental properties, a new
subdivision under development, and a Church, which has all brought a lot of additional
traffic to this road.