214
be a war monument. Money was never an object, it became a problem at the end. Asof today, they have funds amounting to $10,828.65. Each name will cost $20.00.Information will include name, rank and branch of service. The cost will increase ifsomeone wishes to add a name of a loved one at a later date. They are asking for a$50.00 donation. All funds will go directly to the Farmers Bank. The remainder of the$50.00 will help pay the costs for those families who cannot afford to pay this fee. Theyare also offering a walkway of honor for those who wish to make donations and do nothave a veteran to be remembered. This would consist of an engraved brick ($100.00donation) and a granite stone ($1,000 donation).
On the new design of the monument, there will be three (3) seals, the United States,the State of Virginia, and the County of Appomattox. They will probably use severaldifferent sources. This monument design will not take away from the Courthouse in anyway. They are asking for a plot 20’ x 40’, which is more than adequate for themonument. The expected completion date would be approximately 6 to 7 months afterreceiving approval from the Board of Supervisors.
They are now changing their request to include a small stone in the same area toinclude the names of Law Enforcement Officers, First Responders — Rescue Squads andFire Department members who have served at least two (2) years.
There was some question regarding the mature pine tree on the site. They are askingpermission to have this taken down. No work will be done except by qualified, licensed
contractors.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson, Mr. Overstreet, Mr. Craft and Mr. Conrad to meet withthe Committee to discuss these plans and get back with the group at a later date,preferably the 17" of October.
Also some members of the American Legion Auxiliary were present.
Mr. Carter next called Bobby Wingfield, E-911 Coordinator to address the Board.Mr. Wingfield will be providing an update on the progress of the E-911 constructionproject and make a request for a change order on the project.
Mr. Wingfield presented a change order for an additional gutter and downspout on thewest side of the ERCC at a cost of $423.50. This is located on the rear of the building atthe entrance as well as the location of the heat pumps.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the change order foradditional gutters and downspouts on the west side of the ERCC building at a cost of$423.50. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson stated that this project was not on the same magnitude of the Courthouseby any means, but they are finishing up this project and have had only two (2) changeorders for a little over $1,000.00. This has been an excellent job on both Wiley &