215
made the school administration feel that the Board was not a part of this and the school
administration was by themselves in this process then he was sorry for this as well.
Mr. Kendrick again stated that he would like for his motion to be addressed to rescind this action
placed on the School Board.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board rescind the earlier
requirement placed on the School Board for them to find a use for the current elementary school.
Mr. Moore called for a vote.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Moore to state the motion.
Mr. Kendrick again stated that the motion was that the Board rescind the request/requirement
conveyed by fellow Board member, Sammy Carter, as the result of the February 7, 2000 meeting,
to the School Board, School Administration that they find a use for the old elementary school
prior to moving forward with the construction of the new elementary school.
Mr. Moore called for the vote:
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to follow up with a Supervisor Concern that he would like
to remind any and all in attendance that an agenda is simply an orderly flow of a way to conduct
the business of what’s on the agenda. Mr. Carwile continued that it does not limit the Board in
conducting business when they are in session.
Mr. Moore called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and stated that as he was getting ready for the meeting tonight
he had several calls. Mr. Carwile continued that it was his understanding that something took
place today at the Courthouse in reference to the Courthouse and that Mr. Moore was involved,
and he questioned if Mrs. Ferguson was involved. Mr. Carwile stated that he had called the
County Administrator’s Office and talked with Mr. Carroll and he was not clear as to what went
on. Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Moore if he would tell the other members of the Board what went
on?
Mr. Moore began that he would be glad to explain. Mr. Moore stated that he was called last
week and asked if he would do an interview on the Courthouse renovation. Mr. Moore stated
that word was left with his wife and when he called back he talked with Cynthia Tatum and she
told him she would like to come down and interview him on the Courthouse situation and how
he felt about it. Mr. Moore stated that the interview was scheduled for Tuesday at 2:00 P.M. and
that was all he knew about this. Mr. Moore continued that he was invited and that he did not
instigate the interview, that no one here instigated the interview, it was instigated by WSET. Mr.
Moore stated that he did not know where it came from or where it originated but they asked him