503
21. Supervisor Concerns: Mr. Carter asked if any member had anything to discuss
at this time.
Mr. Craft made a comment about some misinformation that was printed in the paper
from one of the routine letter writers speaking about the Town of Orange building a new
motel, having a reservoir and wells, and not having any problems with water. He talked
to the County Administrator of Orange recently and was informed that they are in
desperate need of water at this time. The County buys water from the Town Water
Authority and they are asking people to voluntarily conserve water.
Mr. Carter then asked Johnnie Roark, County Planner to address the Board. Mr.
Roark is meeting with the Board to review some proposed changes to the zoning
ordinance and answer any questions that you may have.
Recently the Planning Commission decided to take on the task of rewriting both the Sub-
division Ordinance and the Zoning Ordinance. In doing so, they thought they could leave
the current Zoning Ordinance alone, but they would like at this time, to make a
proposed amendment to that ordinance. At the last meeting, they decided to make a
recommendation to move forward with an amendment to Section 170-25, which
addresses uses not delineated in the Zoning Ordinance. Right now, if you look at the
permanent chart and our conditional use chart, when a conditional use is approved,
then the approval will automatically amend the zoning ordinance to allow for this use as
a conditional use anywhere within that zoning district. They think a better way of doing
things is to take out Section 170-25 and then when someone comes in with a use that
is not on the charts, have them apply to the Planning Commission to amend the
ordinance to that use. In order for us to move forward, the Board needs to advertise for
a Public Hearing on Zoning Ordinance Change.
After a lengthy discussion, a Public Hearing was scheduled for October 16, 2006 at 6:00
p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center to receive comments on the Amendments to
the Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Roark called attention to the Draft of the Sub-division Ordinance handed out just
prior to the meeting. One of the bigger changes in this Ordinance is the Family Division
Section. At the present time, you have to have a minimum of three (3) acres to divide
off for a family member. That seems punitive somewhat. In the new ordinance the lot
size for a family division will become whatever the zoning is for the underlying zoning
district. (i.e., A-1 would be one (1 acre). The lot size has to conform to the zoning
district, not to road frontage. The other major change would be in Sub-divisions. New
Sub-divisions would have to be on a public street/road, dedicated to VDOT to be put
into the system. Under the present ordinance, you have an exemption to build a private
street/road. This will not be allowed, you would have to construct a state maintained
road. There is an allowance to private streets in town as VDOT would never take in this
type of roadway.
The Planning Commission will be holding a meeting with the Board in the near future.