924
the code on the historical grants and he would like to pass the information on to Mr. Carroll to be
placed on the agenda for the next Board meeting.
Mr. Kendrick stated that it was necessary to enter into a closed session in accordance with §2.1-
344(A)-1 personnel matters.
At 8:02 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into a closed session to
discuss a personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 8:15 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved that the Board
return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick called for action on Administrative Items: (Items 1-6)
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has recommended
approval of the following petitions:
01-462 - Jarrod D. Jamerson: Conditional Use Permit to place a second dwelling on lot per §170-
23 of the Appomattox County zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 616 between Route
615 and U. S. 60, Tax Map #12(A)2, and is zoned A-1.
01-466 - Terry and Margaret Clark: Conditional Use Permit to place second dwelling on lot
per§ 170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Propertyis located on Route 605 between
Route 683 and Route 664, Tax Map #9(A)8A, and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Petitions 01-462 - Jarrod D.