538
ordinance. He continued that he was unhappy with the number of ordinances that are
already in place that are not being enforced, such as the junk automobile ordinance. Mr.
Drinkard closed by stating that we should enforce the ordinances that we presently have
instead of imposing new ones.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Kenneth Marston to appear before the Board.
Mr. Marston began by giving this address as Route 1, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Marston began by stating that he felt we had enough ordinances and that we did not need
any more red tape. Mr. Marston closed that he thinks things should stay as they have
been in the past.
Mr. Bosiger next recognized Mr. Wayne Phelps.
Mr. Wayne Phelps came forward and gave his address as Box 225, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Phelps began by stating that he was a businessman and a landholder in
Appomattox. Mr. Phelps asked the Board to think about rules and regulations and
explained that this Country had fought two wars over rules and regulations. Mr. Phelps
continued that the Federal government had too much control and he felt that too many
laws were a determent. Mr. Phelps continued that he felt we had enough laws on the
books in Appomattox County and that the Board should leave well enough alone and
keep the ordinance as it is. Mr. Phelps stated that we should live and let live and that if
someone wanted to live in a trailer, fine, and if a person owned land that he wanted to put
a couple of trailers on then fine. Mr. Phelps continued that you would have to hire more
people if you pass more laws and that it was unnecessary. In closing Mr. Phelps stated he
would like the Board to leave the ordinance as it is.
Mr. Bosiger called on Ms. Chris Morgan to come before the Board.
Ms. Chris Morgan gave her address ad Route 1 Box 402, Appomattox, Virginia. Ms.
Morgan stated that she had owned land in Appomattox County since 1989. She
continued that she bought this land with the ordinances the way they were and she did not
think that we needed any more ordinances to control people. Ms. Morgan stated that she
wants the same ordinances that applied when she purchased her property to remain in
effect. She continued that she did not feel we needed any more ordinances.
Mr. Bosiger called Mrs. Nancy Jones to come forward.
Mrs. Nancy Jones came forward and stated her address as HC Box 12, Red House,
Virginia. Mrs. Jones began by commending the Planning Commission for their hard
work on this issue. Mrs. Jones continued that in the beginning when they voiced their
concerns with changes that needed to be made they were concerned primarily with trailer
parks on Route 644. Mrs. Jones continued that on Route 644, where she lives, there are
many double-wides and mobile homes and that she had no objection to those. She
explained that her objection was with large trailer parks in the agricultural zone. Mrs.
Jones continued that as she was coming to this session she was listening on the radio to a