215|
petition and gave the manner in which comments were to be addressed.
Mr. Paulette then asked Mr. Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning Commission
to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #97-305 of Beverly G. Cunningham for a
variance to paragraph 170-81.D Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance
pertaining to location of Accessory Building. Property is Tax Map
Parcel 34-(1)-15 (Country Haven Estates, Lot 15) and is located off
Route 611 between Route 721 and Route 670. Property is zoned A-1.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments on this petition.
Mr. Beverly Cunningham came forward and gave his address as 711
Chestnut Mountain Drive, Lynchburg, VA. Mr. Cunningham continued that
he had erected a building on his property and after construction he
found the building was closer than fifteen (15) feet from the property
line. Mr. Cunningham stated one of the reasons this building was
positioned as it was on the property was due to the lay of the land.
Mr. Cunningham requested the Board grant his request for the variance.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Carwile asked several questions of Mr. Cunningham.
Mr. Caldwell read a letter into the record from Mr. George Phipps.
January 20, 1997
TO WHOM IT CONCERNS:
Beverly Cunningham and I, George Phipps, have come to an agreement
pertaining to a boundary line dispute. It had to do with him building
a shed right on the line. Sunday, I chose to forgive him and do not
plan to pursue this any further. He does not need to move the shed.
After speaking with him, we both decided to communicate more and try
and be better neighbors. Let him keep his shed where it is. If
necessary, I will deed 15" to him so he will be in compliance.
Sincerely,
George E. Phipps.
Being no further comments, Mr. Paulette closed the public hearing at
|
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was |
held on February 18, 1997 at 7:12 p.m. following the public hearing, in
the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District