322
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette recessed the meeting until after the Planning Commission meeting.
At 7:24 P.M., Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Paulette then explained that a resolution was necessary in order to adopt the Section
125 Plan that was approved at the November 3, 1997 meeting.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, it is desirable to establish a “cafeteria plan” within the meaning
Of Section 125 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended from time to time, to
Provide certain benefits to the Employees of the Corporation.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the APPOMATTOX COUNTY
PREMIUM ONLY PLAN be and hereby is established and adopted effective July 30,
1990 to read substantially in the form presented to this Board.
FUTHER RESOLVED, that the County Administrator is Authorized and directed
to execute such plan documents.
FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Administrator is authorized
And directed to perform any acts and execute any documents necessary or appropriate
To effectuate this resolution.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that several supplemental appropriations were necessary.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to make a supplemental
appropriation of $7,500.00 to 31010 for grant funds received. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $2010.95 from special
Library Account to purchase computer. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette then explained that several zoning issues needed attention. Mr. Paulette
continued that Mr. Tommy O’Brien had not met conditions placed upon him when his
request for rezoning was approved; and also a complaint had been received against Mr.
William Briggs, stating that he was not meeting the conditions he set forth in his
conditional use application.