679
(Route 727) and is currently zoned R-1 Residential, consisting of 1.60 acres in four (4)
lots, Tax Map #’s 98(A)19, 19A, 20 & 21.
Mr. Sowers indicates that the area is in great need of rental housing and he would like
to add three (3) more mobile homes to these lots, thus providing a service to the
community. The area currently has mobile homes, both single and doublewides, spread
throughout the landscape.
Mr. Roark called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Charles Sowers, 302 Grist Mill Drive, Lynchburg, Va. Mr. Sowers stated that
he wished to acquire four (4) lots on Route 727. One of these lots has a doublewide on
it. He has gotten numerous calls concerning more doublewide units for rental property.
They would like to place three (3) more doublewides on this property. They feel this
project would be beneficial to the County.
Mr. Roark called for comments against this petition.
Ms. Cheryl Tweedy, 191 Indian Flat Road, Appomattox, Va. As _an adjacent
land owner, Ms. Tweedy is opposed to the rezoning of this property. She is concerned
with the placement of wells and septic systems. They also have some questions
regarding Ingress and Egress over the right of way to their property. She would also
like to point out that there are several vacant rental properties between the High School
and this property.
Mr. Gary Fleshman - Mr. Fleshman owns the adjoining property. He is opposed to
this rezoning change. He has lived here for 53 years and likes his privacy. He is also
concerned about the septic tanks.
Mr. Rayford Fleshman — Mr. Fleshman owns the property across the road from the
property in question, and he is opposed to the re-zoning. He is also opposed to this
being developed as what will amount to a Mobile Home Park in plain view of his
property. Also, the owners of this property are from out of town and he feels the
owners should live close to the property in order to properly maintain these units.
Ms. Debra Hendricks — Ms. Hendricks lives adjoining this property. This was all part
of family owned property and they all like the quiet and privacy as it is now. She
respects her neighbors. She has lived here all her life. She is opposed to the rezoning
and the placement of these mobile units. Mr. Sowers does not live in Appomattox and
she feels he will not be present enough to care of the property. She also does not feel
this property will perk properly for septic systems as it tends to have standing water
when it rains. Her mother’s house has been empty for about eight (8) years and no one
has contacted her regarding wanting to rent or to buy. All she wants is for Mr. Sowers
to respect their feelings.
Mr. Ester Surface, 239 Red House Road, Appomattox, VA. His property sits in
back of the property in question. He is basically against this for the same reasons as