158
reported Mr. Abbitt, is confident that High Trail will be in Pamplin within two years.There are currently some problems with Department of Environmental Quality. Mr.Abbitt has talked with Department of Environmental Quality and is hoping to expeditethings.
The last phase of the project will be from High Bridge to Burkville.
Mr. Carter stated next stated that they needed to go back to Administrative Item #4-Appointment to the Economic Development. This was a two part subject. Laurie Harrisand Walter Hancock’s term will expire at the end of December. Mrs. Harris hasexpressed interest in being reappointed to another term; however Mr. Hancock does notwish to be reappointed. The Board previously decided to table the appointment to Mr.Hancock’s position, but will need to reappoint Ms. Harris to a four term endingDecember 31, 2011.
Mr. Moore made a motion to reappoint Laurie Harris to a four year term endingDecember 31, 2011. The motion was seconded by Shawn Armbrust. Vote Mr. Carter,aye; Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter next recognized Mr. Walter Hancock for his services and read a proclamationin recognition of his services as a member of the Economic Development Authority,
Mr. Carter next entered into the Consent Agenda.
Mr. Moore made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda as presented. The motion wasseconded by Mr. Armbrust. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Informational Items and recognized employees withcertificates and certifications of completed courses.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needs to be aware of information that is being presentedin the 2008 VACo Legislative Program because this is something the board needs to becontinually encouraging, because it does make a difference in helping us to effectivelyhandle issues in our county.
Mr. Carter called for other discussion on informational items. Mr. Conrad stated that hewould like an explanation of the school expenditure report for the month of July 2006-2007 compared to July 2007-2008, Mr. Spencer was directed to check into this for theBoard.
Mr. Carter called for any further discussion on the informational items. Being no otherdiscussion, Mr. Carter called for any supervisor concerns.
Being no Supervisor concerns, Mr. Carter next presented Mr. Armbrust with an engravedsilver bowl for his dedication, motivation and leadership to the Board of Supervisors.