469
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on August 1, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the Board of Supervisors meeting
room, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Torrence, Chairman, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. and asked Mr. Paulette to give the invocation.
Mr. Torrence next asked if there were additions or corrections to the
agenda.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator needed to be added under appearances at 7:45 P.M.; The
Community Center Board of Directors at 8:00 P.M. and Mr. & Mrs. W. E.
"Bill" Jamerson at 8:15 P.M.
Mrs. Ferguson also stated that she had passed out copies to the Board
members of additional Administrative Items for consideration.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had several items for discussion under
Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had a matter for discussion during
executive session.
Mr. Torrence then asked for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had reviewed the minutes and found them to
be in order.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of July 5, 1994 and the special meeting
of July 12, 1994 as submitted. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay gave each member a copy of the program for the By-Pass
opening ceremony and asked if the Board had any questions for her.
Mr. Torrence inquired as to the status of the Route 656 project.