258
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the County’s
FY98 budget of $18,043,397. (Copy on file in the June 1997 Board
File). Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence left the meeting at 8:32 p.m.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Eston Harvey to appear before the Board.
Mr. Harvey explained that he was coming before the Board on behalf of
the Historical Society. Mr. Harvey continued that they had circulated)
petitions to have the Courthouse Square included in the Virginia
Historical Register.
Mr. Harvey next went through the application process with the Board
members explaining that being included in the register does not put any
restrictions on the property. Mr. Harvey continued that the
application requires the signature of the owner of the property and he
would like approval to proceed with this application.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette stated the Board would need time to see
exactly what being included in the register would entail. (Tommy has
this application.)
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Harvey and explained he would be notified when
the Board had made a decision.
Mr. Paulette next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette presented the Planning Commission
recommendations from the May 19, 1997, public hearing, to the Board.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept the Planning
Commission’s recommendations and approve petition #97-312 of Kurt &
Julie Burge and Others to rezone property from R-1 to R-2. Property i
located on Route 647 between Route 460 and Route 728 and is part of
lots shown on Tap Map #74-A-13 thru 31; and petition #97-314 of Katie
E. Hall for a Conditional Use Permit to allow mobile home on one acre
lot with existing dwelling. Property is located on Route 608 between
Route 26 and Route 712. Property is zoned A-1 and is Parcel Tax Map
#38-A-105. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
tr
Mr. Paulette next informed the Board that several Board and committee
appointments were necessary.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Jamie Mawyer
to the Youth Services Commission for a term to expire May 1998. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Mr. Berkley
Cabiness and Mrs. Shelia Webb to the Library Board terms to expire Jun
co