539
Option #1 - Exchange the 3.90 acres, presently in the middle of your
field, for 3.90 acres directly in front of this parcel, fronting on
Route 608, to include the existing voting precinct building;
Option #2 - The Board would like to have a deed of easement drawn up,
extending the present 30’ right-of-way to Route 608. This right-of-way
and the portion of County property used for container site and voting
precinct will be fenced;
Option #3 - Deed to the County the right-of-way on the existing road
being used at a width of 30’, County will deed to you its existing 30’
right-of-way to church lot. The right-of-way and the portion of County
property used for container site and voting precinct will be fenced.
Mrs. Ferguson next gave the Board a report on the proposed "super site"
located on Route 648.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board of Supervisors, Mrs.
Ferguson was requested to write a letter to Norfolk Southern Railroad
requesting easement to cross their property to gain access to proposed
container site.
Next, Mrs. Ferguson explained that Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of
Schools, had asked for direction from the Board of Supervisors
concerning the Middle School Renovation Project.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
have the School Board proceed with renovation of the Middle School in
the amount of 3 1/4 million dollars plus the $300,000.00 that has
already been approved, with first debt service payment to be made no
sooner than July 1, 1996. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
The Board of Supervisors also requested that Mrs. Ferguson direct Dr.
Thomas to apply for a Litrary Loan to finance the Middle School
Renovation project.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Monte Mays, Commissioner of
Revenue, for the Board to pay $150.00 for Sara R. Wooten’s Revenue
Certification Fee.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay $150.00 from
1101-5504 for Sara Wooten’s Revenue Certification Fee. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson brought information on insurance coverage for large waste
containers to the Board for approval. She explained that there was a
$250.00 deductible on the $244.00 premium.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
to extend insurance coverage to include the large garbage bins. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.