O42
Center should be removed.
The Board of Directors opinion is that all non-governmental
groups have equal opportunity for Community Center use and
that no special consideration be given or exceptions made due
to their purpose. It should be made clear that the Board of
Directors completely supports the goals and objectives of the
Youth Association but cannot exclude them when establishing
guidelines.
Persons or groups needing access to the Community Center
should make arrangements with the appropriate Community
Center staff person or County Administration.
Sincerely,
Ora McCoy
ChairPerson
After considering the recommendations, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the recommendations
of the Community Center Board to limit the issuance of
exterior door keys to Community Center employees, County
Administrator, County Maintenance personnel and the
Chairperson of the Community Center Board; issue interior
office keys to those assigned the office space; limit use of
storage space at the Community Center to that required by the
operational needs of the Center; and require all
non-governmental group, agencies, and persons to abide by the
procedural requirements for contractual use of the Community
Center. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile next, expressed his concerns regarding the
landfill mandates from the State Department of Waste
Management and the landfill Situation of neighboring
counties. After considerable discussion Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to establish dialogue with
the neighboring counties of Charlotte, Buckingham, and Nelson
to discuss mutual problems relating to landfilling and to
discuss the possibilities of converting Appomattox’s landfill
to a regional facility ror use by these neighboring
counties. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, nay.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Dennis Gragg, Executive Director
of the Central Virginia Planning District Commission. Mr.
Gragg reported the Commission had completed its report and
recommendations regarding the James River Park and explained
the report and this fall’s bond referendum.
Mr. Buddy Conner, President of the Lynchburg Chamber of
Commerce, spoke next in support of the James River Park
Study.
Mr. Gragg spoke again further explaining the study and asked