311
We would not be turning anything over to anyone, we are just going to allow
them the use of some of this area. There would not be any alterations to the
interior of this building in any way, therefore, we would not have to meet ADA
requirements.
Mr. Overstreet stated that we have a form of lease agreement that could be used for
this purpose.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to schedule
a Public Hearing on the use of the Old Courthouse 6:00 p.m. on March 20, 2006 at the
Appomattox County Community Center. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, abstain:
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 abstaining)
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Rex Hammond, President and CEO of Lynchburg Regional
Chamber of Commerce and Ms. Janice Crawford with Areva to address the
Board. Mr. Hammond has requested to meet with the Board to request funding for a
project that they are working on at the Lynchburg Regional Airport
Mr. Hammond stated he is here to request your support for an initiative to restore air
service between our region and Dulles Airport in Washington D. C. A negative by
product of the 9-11 terrorist attack was our region lost one-half of its air service,
including the abandonment of United Airlines to Lynchburg Regional Airport. We
created an air service partnership with some of the largest business in our region that
utilized the Lynchburg Regional Airport and they are here tonight to enlist your support
for an initiative to work with a regional carrier that works with United to re-establish air
service to Dulles. You may be aware that our air service partnership brokered an
arrangement some years ago and raised $100,000.00 and a $500,000.00 DOT Grant.
This money directly resulted in our recruiting jet service. We try to keep our finger on
the pulse of businesses in our region and time and time again, we are being told that
Dulles is the one destination we need to tap into. Not only will it serve existing
businesses because Lynchburg Regional Airport largely is a business airport, there are
also tourism opportunities for general consumers. In terms of economic development in
recruiting businesses in the future, we think we would have a much stronger hand if our
Charlotte/Atlanta service were joined by a northern connection. They are requesting
that Appomattox pledge $3,292.00 to assist their efforts in this endeavor.
Ms. Crawford is with Areva, one of the larger businesses using Lynchburg Regional
Airport. Ms. Crawford stated she is a part of the Airport Commission as well as the
Manager of Travel Services for Areva. They have a $10 million air budget, so they have
a significant interest in this area. They have banded together as one team and they are
dealing with airlines now. Timing is everything. They sent letters to forty (40)
businesses that rely heavily on air transportation. The Industrial Development Authority
for Lynchburg has graciously put on the table $20,000.00 to kick start this effort. They
are trying to raise $80,000.00 to be spent in marketing and start-up costs. They will be
meeting with Colgan in mid-February to present a proposal for service from Lynchburg
to Dulles.