173
Mr. Marshall began that some of the Board may not be familiar with the location which has to do
with the new proposed school. Mr. Marshall stated that he lives on Lee-Grant Avenue and is very
much concerned about the area between him and his neighbors, Doyle and Judy Martin. Mr.
Marshall continued that there is a space between their houses of 60' wide and 200' long that
separates their two land masses. Mr. Marshall stated that what he would like to do would be to
purchase one-half of this area and Mr. Martin purchase the other half. Mr. Marshall continued
that this area was more or less their little gravel driveway that comes down between them. Mr.
Marshall stated that secondly, if a purchase was made of the property, that would put them within
seventy-five feet of the line. Mr. Marshall continued that he has lived with this wooded area
behind his house for thirty-seven years. Mr. Marshall stated that his children have played in these
woods and that he walks his dog in these woods also. Mr. Marshall would like to purchase a
buffer zone of 200' behind their homes. Mr. Marshall continued that thirdly, the way the land lay
the purchase of this land would give the Board access to the school property on the side of Mr.
Martin and also Mr. Marshall. Mr. Marshall stated that he felt they would be boxed in by road
access to the school property. Mr. Marshall stated that he was not in favor of being surrounded
by roads and he felt that this would be a dangerous place for school buses to enter and exit. Mr.
Marshall feels that there are better entrance areas closer to Town near the old sawmill. Mr.
Marshall asked the Board to please consider his requests.
Mr. Martin began that he would like add to Mr. Marshall’s request that he be allowed to purchase
the area on the west side of him in order to provide him with the freedom of not being boxed in.
Mr. Moore explained that the survey has been completed and he did not feel that with the land
that was being purchased the Marshall’s and Martin’s had a lot to worry about. Mr. Moore
continued that the Board could not make any decision on this matter until the layout for the
school had been completed.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to also reassure the Marshall’s and the Martin’s that the
Board would do all they could for them where this matter was concerned.
Mr. Carwile stated that his concerns are with them. Mr. Carwile continued that maybe the time
spent before the Board of Supervisors should be spent before the School Board asking them to
make a recommendation that the school be put back over at Carver Price where it should have
been to start with.
Mr. Marshall thanked the Board for their consideration.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Marshall and Mr. Martin and called on the members of the
School Board to appear before the Board.
Mr. Mitchell explained that not all the members of the School Board were present and therefore
Mr. Moore moved to Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter provided information concerning compensation board jail audits, recommended salary
increases 12/1/2000 2.4%, how the composite index will effect the lottery funds and that the