178
12. Continuing Disclosure Agreement. The Chairman of the Board
and the County Administrator, or either of them, and such officer or
officers of the County as either of them may designate are hereby
authorized and directed to execute a Continuing Disclosure Agreement,
as set forth in Appendix F to the Bond Sale Agreement, setting forth
the reports and notices to be filed by the County and containing such
covenants as may be necessary in order to show compliance with the
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15c2-12.
13. Filing of Resolution: The appropriate officers or agents of
the County are hereby authorized and directed to cause a certified copy
of this Resolution to be filed with the Circuit Court of the County.
14. Further Actions. The County Administrator, the Chairman of
the Board and such other officers, employees and agents of the County
as either of them may designate are hereby authorized to take such
action as the County Administrator, or the Chairman of the Board may
consider necessary or desirable in connection with the issuance and
sale of the Bonds and any such action previously taken is hereby
ratified and confirmed.
15. _Effective Date. This Resolution shall take effect
immediately.
The undersigned Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, County of
Appomattox, Virginia, hereby certified that the foregoing constitutes 4
true and correct extract from the minutes of a meeting of the Board of
Supervisors held on October 21, 1996, and of the whole thereof so far
as applicable to the matters referred to in such extract. I hereby
further certify that such meeting was a regularly scheduled meeting and
that, during the consideration of the foregoing resolution, a quorum
was present.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson then asked if the Board would approve for carpet to be
installed in the Clerk’s Office prior to the other carpets being
installed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to wait
until all bids were in prior to installing any carpet in any office.
Mr. Paulette then asked if the Board wished to take any action from thé
Public Hearing.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept the
Planning Commission recommendation and approve zoning petition #96-300
of Robert Fleshman to rezone property from R-1 to A-1. Property is Tax
Map Parcel #87-A-103 and is located on Route 604 between Route 645 and
Route 679. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.