701
transfer by consent $6,916.18 from the Sports Complex Fund to the General Fund to cover the
listed expenditure.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda a presented during the Setting of the
Agenda. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call
Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9A- 2010 Calendar and explained that the
Appomattox Town Council is requesting that the Board schedule two joint meetings for 2010.
One meeting will be scheduled for February 23, 2010 and the other August 24, 2010 both to be
held at 6:00 PM as the Town Council Meeting Room. Chairman Conrad explained that the
purpose of these meetings will be to open lines of communication of mutual interest for both the
Town and County. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
It was the consensus of the Board to work these two meetings into the calendar and have the
Board approve at the Organizational Meeting scheduled for January.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9B- Community Services Board Appointment
and stated that Mr. Lynn Doss’ term on the Community Services Board expires December 31,
2009 and this term would be a three year term beginning January 1, 2010 with meetings being
held the fourth Wednesday of each month. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that he had contacted the applicants and we have two citizens who are very
interested in serving on this committee, however he would like to have a full Board present
before appointing someone.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until the next agenda.
Chairman Conrad presented the Information Items and called for discussion, hearing no
discussion, at 7:00 PM Chairman Conrad called a recess to hold a Public Hearing on the
Proposed Adoption of a Resolution Creating the Appomattox County Broadband Authority.
Chairman Conrad reconvened the regular scheduled meeting at 7:08 PM.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9C- Broadband Resolution and stated that we
have just held a public hearing on forming a Broadband Authority and asked the Boards interest
in moving forward with this issue.
Mr. Tanner stated that a lot of work had been put into this effort and he appreciated all the work
put forth by Mr. Bryan David and he can see that this will be a benefit to citizens. He then made
a motion to adopt the resolution creating the Appomattox County Broadband Authority. Mr.
Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no further comment, Chairman Conrad called for
a vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.