397
On Monday, June 5, 2006 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regularly
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center, located
on Community Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation, after which he asked everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda.
There were three items to be added:
8A — Stage in Courtland Field
8B — Opening of Bids — Oakville School contents
8C - Change Order for Harmon Saunders and approval of final payment
Mr. Carter then called for the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
No one wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then introduced Mr. Chris Conkwright: Mr. Conkwright is addressing the
Board to make a request concerning a proposed use for a portion of the old elementary
school.
Mr. Conkwright presented everyone with a document containing the proposed uses for
the old elementary school.
e Use the cafeteria for a new wrestling room
e Conversion will require very little if any changes to existing building — the room
by chance is perfectly suited for a wrestling room
e There are no major plumbing, electrical or structural problems at all
Any improvements can be done with volunteer labor from the wrestling club
e The room could be multifunctional — while primarily a wrestling room, it could
also be used for such things as aerobic classes, tumbling, general PE activities,
etc.
e Access to this area (gym included) does not in any way effect the rest of the
building
e There is easy parking and pedestrian access to this area