107
When providing services in their official capacity and acting within the guidelines
of the Department of Public Safety, all officially recognized members of the
organizations and groups mentioned above shall be afforded all of the privileges, rights
and remedies available to them under law.
For state law authority, see VA. CODE
ANN. Section 18.2-414.1 (Repl. Vol. 2004).
See also VA. CODE ANN. Section 27-15.1
(Repl. Vol. 2004) and section 27-23.9 (Repl.
Vol. 2004).
Section 21.10.Service Fee for ambulance transport.
a) Service fee for emergency ambulance transport.
(1) Pursuant to VA. CODE ANN. Section 32.1-111.14 (Cum. Supp. 2006), as
amended, it is herby determined and declared that the exercise of the
powers and duties set forth herein is necessary to assure the provision of
adequate and continuing emergency services and to preserve, protect and
promote the public health, safety and general welfare.
(2) Definitions. The following definitions shall apply to ambulance charges:
“Basic life support (BLS)”: Services shall be medical treatment or
procedures provided to a patient as defined by the National Emergency
Medical Services (EMS) Educational and Practice Blueprint for the
Emergency Medical Technician (EMT)-Basic.
“Advanced life support level 1 (ALS-1)”: Services shall be medical
treatment or procedures provided to a patient beyond the scope of an
EMT-Basic as defined by the National EMS Education and Practice
Blueprint.
“Advanced life support level 2 (ALS-2)”: Services shall be defined as
advanced life support (ALS) services provided to a patient including any
of the following medical procedures: (i) manual defibrillation/cardio
version, (ii) endotrachael intubation, (iii) central venous line, (iv) cardiac
pacing, (v) chest decompression, (vi) surgical airway or (vii) intraosseous
line, and the administration of three (3) or more medications.
“Ground transport mileage (GTM)”: Shall be assessed in actual road
miles from the location of the incident scene, or center point of a rescue
demand zone where an incident scene or address is located, to a hospital or
other facility where a patient is transported.