619
Brian Baine, 9 Lee Grant Avenue, Appomattox, VA: He is a member of the
Planning Commission and he wanted to say he was not here in an official capacity, just
as a citizen. He owns less than an acre of property. His taxes will increase if this Land
Use program is approved. A common theme he hears from people raised here and
people like him, that moved here, was that they love the rural and agricultural
community and small town living. We still lose farm land if we do or do not pass this
program. However, this program will slow down the process. Nothing will stop
development. Once farm land is converted to other uses, it never returns to farm land.
According to his figures, 75% of the counties in Virginia have this land use program.
There will be winners and losers regardless of which way we go. From his point of view,
the primary beneficiaries of passing this will be the farmers, if not, the primary
beneficiaries will be the developers. We, however, need both.
Earl Pickett, Pamplin, VA: He represents the Appomattox County Farm Bureau.
There are a few things he would like to clear up for the general public. Every farmer in
the county will pay the same thing for his home and his buildings as everybody else.
They will not be exempt. The other thing is, if we do not protect our open land and
open spaces, and want to live off tourism, you will not get tourism from a strip mall. We
are becoming a bedroom county. He would like to remind everyone that the farmers
are still the #1 industry in the whole State of Virginia, including Appomattox. If we do
not adjust the farm land for what it produces, you cannot pay for the land. For
example, you cannot produce 100 bushels of corn on $3,000 an acre land. The different
kinds of land are based on a different ratio.
Fred Jones, Appomattox, VA: He owns land in both Campbell County and
Appomattox County. If we raise taxes to $3,000 an acre, there will be a lot of farmers
who cannot afford to pay these taxes.
Dick Lund, 107 Narrow Passage Road, Spout Spring, VA: He would like to start
off with the real winner if we go forward with this, is the citizens of Appomattox County.
It will preserve a way of life we have come to know and love. People come to
Appomattox, as he did some years ago, because of the rural setting. He does have a
farm, but we cannot stop the loss of farms, but we can slow it. It will allow farmers to
hold on to their land and continue farming instead of selling it for development. We do
not want to become like Bedford County, lots of houses and lots of traffic. He lives on
about 100 acres with a very small house. When you figure out what taxes are used for,
to provide services and services are on a per capita per person basis. It is not tied to
how much land you have, it is tied to the number of people who need the services. Use
the road, use the schools, the police and fire departments.
Hugh Ratcliff, Appomattox, VA: He and his wife own 275 acres. It is not farm land,
they do not raise cattle, wheat, corn or soybean. They have trees and a lodge on this
property. They like to preserve the land for recreation- fishing, hiking, horseback riding
and playing in the river. As the reassessment of our property goes up, our ability to
retain that land as open space becomes more difficult. The taxes on their house, lodge
and other buildings will not change, only the taxes on the land. There are no demands
made on services for farm land. There is no evidence that reduced taxes on farm land