450
Mr. Carter continued by reviewing and explaining certain cost reported from Hurt and
Proffitt.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to approach the Town and
see if a work session could be scheduled for August 3, 1998 at 6:30 P.M. in the
Courthouse, between the Town Council and the Board of Supervisors, to try to answer
questions concerning the proposed sewer expansion.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board to turn their attention to the additional items for
consideration.
Mr. Bosiger explained that a resolution was necessary to allow Main Street located in
Country Haven Estates be taken into the State secondary road system. Mr. Bosiger
continued that Country Haven Estates, Inc. had deposited $50,311.52, with the County, to
pay for their share of the construction cost. Mr. Bosiger also stated that it would be
necessary for the Board to appropriate this same amount in order to pass along to VDOT.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, the property owners resident in Country Haven Subdivision located on
Route 611, 2.10 miles northeast of Route 609 in Stonewall Magisterial District have
requested the Virginia Department of Transportation to provide an estimate for the
construction of 0.37 miles of Main Street from Route 611 to 0.37 mile west of Route 611
to the requirements of the Virginia Department of Transportation and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has provided an estimate for the
cost for said subdivision street and the affected property owners have donated through the
county $50,311.53 fifty (50) percent of the estimate.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation hereby is requested to add to the Appomattox County Secondary Road
System for construction and maintenance the following section of road in accordance
with Section 33.1 — 72.1, paragraph C, of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended.
MAIN STREET — Beginning at a point on Route 611, 2.10 miles east of Route 609 and
running west for a distance of 0.37 mile.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does guarantee a minimum fifty (50) foot
right of way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills and drainage,
together with easements for drainage on adject properties.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.