358
Basically what happens is the school will refer a child for truancy, FAPT looks at the
case, and determines what type of help is needed, for example, a mentor or an in-home
assessment to determine what is going on and there are various levels of things that
can be done to help. Home help is the least expensive type of treatment. There are also
day treatment programs and there are also residential treatment programs. We are
currently paying for these programs, but Campbell County CSA Coordinator has been
managing our programs.
Mr. Carter asked why this program did not come under Social Services?
Ms. Ferguson answered that Social Services has no funding for these services. The
Legislature this year tried to get CSA money increased to where localities like
Appomattox would receive about $45,000 in administrative funds. Right now, the State
sends us $9,174 back to administer this program. There were some people trying to get
this increased and it would have given us the $45,000 which would have been a big help
towards what we are looking at right now. However, this proposal did not pass and we
are back right where we were, $9,174 reimbursement from the State for us to manage a
$300,000 - $400,000 program.
We are approved by CSA for $65,000. Then you have to ask for additional funds, which
are usually provided, but you have to jump through hoops to get it. We have gotten
back about $140,000 from CSA so far. Most of that money was from FY2005. The
CMPT is very concerned because none of their departments are capable of taking on
these responsibilities. Our case load has increased from five to twenty-five.
When projecting the revenue, this expenditure is included in expenditures with a like
amount in revenue, minus the composite index which the county is liable for.
We need to decide what we are going to do, as we need to put money in the budget to
cover this position, and have someone hired and in place by July 1, as this is when
Campbell County will no longer provide these services. Ms. Ferguson would prefer that
this person be located in the Administrator's Office as opposed to Social Services as a lot
of people view Social Services as being too involved in their lives to begin with and a lot
of the time custody and foster care becomes an issue and gives the appearance that
CSA is working with Social Services. A lot of these referrals come from the school
system. Based on a salary scale from Amherst County with a starting salary of $38,708,
using $40,000 as the worst case scenario, she estimates it will initially take about
$90,000 to set up this position, salary & benefits, office equipment and a vehicle. There
was a lengthy discussion regarding what department should take on this position.
TAXES:
Ms. Ferguson stated that there had been some discussion last year as to why we did not
raise the Personal Property Tax Rate instead of constantly “beating the real estate
people all to pieces”. We know something will have to occur this year. If you raise the
Personal Property Tax Rate from $3.50 per hundred to $4.50 per hundred, you will
generate $699,386.
BUDGET REQUESTS: