8
M-2, or M-IP zoning district.
Appendix-Summary of Permitted and Conditional Uses
Add to table
Zoning Co-Location New Tower < New Tower New Tower
District 50 feet 51-199 Feet 200’ or More
M-IP P* P pee [a
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to schedule a public hearing for June
18, 2007 at 6:15 p.m. for the purpose of adopting the amendments to the
telecommunication facility ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6A. Renovation and Repairs ‘county Buildings: The bids for the scheduled
repairs, renovations and upgrades to the County Administration Building and the
Commonwealth’s Attorney Office have been received and opened. There was
only one bid received and that was from J. E. Jamerson and Sons, Inc. in the
amount of $562,500.00. Craddock Cunningham is in the process of working with
Jamerson to see if any changes could be made to reduce the total project costs
without loosing any of the necessary renovations.
Recommendation is that staff has secured funding for this project and is
requesting that the Board approve for the County Administrator to enter into a
contract with J. E. Jamerson and Sons, Inc. for the project as proposed after
review by the County Attorney.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to authorize the County
Administrator to enter into a contract with J. E. Jamerson and Sons for the proposed
repairs, renovations and upgrades to the County Administration Building and the
Commonwealth’ Attorney Office after review by the County Attorney. ROLL CALL VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
6B. Proposed Increase in Conviction Fees: Sheriff Staples is requesting that the
Board increase courthouse security conviction fees from $5.00 to $10.00
effective July 1, 2007. The General District Court Judge has requested additional
personnel to handle Courtroom Security.
Recommendation is to schedule a public hearing to be held on June 18, 2007 at
6:00 p.m. to receive public comments on this proposed change to the
Appomattox County Code - Article XVIII, Section 147-64.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to schedule a Public Hearing for June
18, 2007 at 6:00 p.m. to receive comments on changing Article XVIII, Section 147-64 —
Assessment of Conviction Fees from $5.00 to $10.00 as proposed. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)