623
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to accept the bid from Cavalier
Equipment Corporation for a new landfill roll-off truck. Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4A. RFP for Courthouse Cleaning Project: Ms. Ferguson stated there are two methods
of seeking bids for this project. One is through a Request for Proposal and the other
through bid process. Normally, we would do a bid process, but due to the fact that this
is such a huge contract and the need to be able to negotiate with the individuals and be
sure they have done this type of work before, she is requesting the Board approve the
RFP process to be used for this project. Mr. Overstreet will explain the reasons for
taking this route.
Mr. Overstreet stated that whenever we want to procure goods or services we are required to
follow the Virginia Procurement Act and for professional services, we are required to go through
competitive negotiations. For non-professional services we are required to use the low-bid
process — so you would put out an invitation to bid. In this instance, we wondered if it wouldn’t
be prudent to consider procuring these particular services through the competitive negotiation
process. The Code of Virginia allows us to use competitive negotiations for non-professional
services if the public body determines competitive sealed bidding is either not practical or not
physically advantageous to the public. In this particular instance of procuring janitorial services
to the Courthouse, it is almost equivalent to having employees, because the service is as
important if not more important than the cost is. If the Board makes a determination that it is
not practical to use competitive seal bids, then you can make the determination that the best
course of action would be to have competitive negotiations. In this instance, you may choose a
firm that may charge more but be more reliable, trustworthy, etc. not necessarily the lowest
bidder. You as the governing body has to make this decision.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to issue a Request
for Proposal for the Cleaning of the new Courthouse. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-13)
Mr. Carter also stated that the dollar amounts in item 7b needed to be changed:
$3,553.00 changed to $5,628.44
$3,957.00 changed to $6,032.44
This change is necessary due to the fact that when the new propane tanks were installed, we did
not have the cost of filling them. Today, we received the cost for filling these tanks as well.
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular Meeting on July 19, 2004
and a Work Session on July 28, 2004;
6. Approval of bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND TRANSFERS:
7. Courthouse Construction Bond:
a. Interior signage: The amount allocated for interior signage has been
exceeded and some name strips still need to be engraved at an additional cost of
$404.00.
b. Propane Tanks: The two propane tanks needed for the Courthouse were not
included in the contract with Jamerson. The cost of the tanks is $5,628.44.
Please transfer $6,032.44 from the Courthouse Construction Bond to cover the
above expenses.