100
Internal Revenue Code permitting such Plans; and
WHEREAS, certain tax benefits could accrue to employees,
elected officials, and independent contractors
participating in said Deferred Compensation Plans; and
WHEREAS, such benefits will act as incentives to County
employees to voluntarily set aside and invest portions
of their current income to meet their future financial
requirements and supplement their County retirement and
Social Security; and
WHEREAS, the National Association of Counties (NACo) has
established a Master Deferred Compensation Program for
Counties, permitting Counties and their employees to
enjoy the advantages of this Program; and
WHEREAS, by adoption of the NACo Program, all regulatory,
operational, administrative and fiduciary
responsibilities are hereby assumed by NACo on behalf of
County; and
WHEREAS, NACo, as Plan Administrator, agrees to hold harmless
and indemnify the County, its appointed and elected
officers and participating employees from any loss
resulting from NACo or its Agent’s failure to perform
its duties and services pursuant to the NACo Program;
NOW, THEREFORE APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS DOES
HEREBY RESOLVE AS FOLLOWS:
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, meeting in
regular scheduled session, this 14th day of December,
1992, hereby adopts the National Association of Counties
Deferred Compensation Program and hereby establishes the
County of Appomattox Deferred Compensation Plan for the
voluntary participation of all eligible County
employees, elected officials and independent
contractors.
The County Administrator is hereby authorized to execute
for the County, individual participation agreements with
each said employee requesting same, and to act as the
"Administrator" of the Plan representing the County, and
to execute such agreements and contracts as are
necessary to implement the program. It is implicitly
understood that, other than the incidental expenses of
collecting and disbursing of the employees’ deferrals
and other minor administrative matters, there is to be
no cost to the County for the program.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Tomlinson and called Lt.
Colonel Jim House, USA retired. Mr. House presented
Appomattox County an American Flag donated by Mrs. Marion E.
English in memory of her late husband, Chief Warrant Officer
John R. English, U.S.C.G. retired. Mr. English was a