517
e Allother vehicles which do not meet the definition of “qualifying” (business use
vehicles, farm use vehicles, motor homes, etc.) will not be eligible for any form of
tax relief under this program.
e Inaccordance with item 503.1D1, the entitlement to personal property tax relief to
qualifying vehicle for tax year 2005 and all prior tax years shall expire on
September 1, 2006. Supplemental assessments for tax years 2005 and prior that
are made on or after September 1, 2006 shall be deemed “non-qualifying” for
purposes of state tax relief and the local share due from the taxpayer shall
represent 100% of the tax assessable.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Planning Commission Recommendation — New Subdivision Ordinance:
The Planning Commission has voted to recommend a new Subdivision Ordinance
be enacted by the Board of Supervisors. A copy of the draft ordinance was
presented to the Board at its September 5" meeting. A public hearing must be
held prior to Board action to adopt.
It is recommended that a joint public hearing be scheduled for 6:00 p.m. on
November 27, 2006 to solicit comments on the draft Subdivision Ordinance.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to hold a public hearing on Monday,
November 27, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. to receive comments on the proposed New
Subdivision Ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Re-Appointments to Board of Zoning Appeals: The terms of Dale Campbell
and Dot Wooten have recently expired. Both members have expressed a
willingness to serve another five (5) year term ending in 2011. Under the Code
of Virginia, appointments to the BZA are made by the Circuit Court judge upon
recommendation of the governing body.
Recommendation is that the Board forward the names of Mr. Campbell and Ms.
Wooten to Judge Blanton for consideration of re-appointment to the Board of
Zoning Appeals for another five (5) year term to expire in 2011.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to submit the names of Mr. Dale
Campbell and Ms. Dot Wooten to Judge Blanton for consideration of re-appointment to
the Board of Zoning Appeals for a five (5) year term to expire in 2011. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
6. Landfill Gas Extraction System Specifications: The specifications for the
Landfill Gas Extraction System have been completed and have been reviewed by
Mr. Overstreet. This extraction system is required for gas remediation per DEQ.