502
Mr. Dickerson stated that he had submitted the application to the Health Department on March
26, 2009 and Hurt and Proffitt, at this time, had not received any written comments back from
the Health Department of deficiencies. Mr. Dickerson stated they had addressed everything the
Health Department has requested and a copy of what was sent had been given to Mr. Roark.
Mr. Dickerson introduced Mr. Shannon Cotulla and Brian Cossman and stated that Shannon has
been working on the design and scheme of the water line from Concord to Appomattox. Mr.
Dickerson then turned the meeting over to Shannon to give an update on the design and scheme
of this project.
Mr. Cotulla stated that the development of this project had been broken into two sections starting
with a crew working with the survey from Concord to Spout Spring and another from Spout
Spring to Appomattox. Mr. Cotulla stated that this has worked well, however there has been a
hang up with utility locations. Mr. Cotulla stated that Miss Utility has subcontracted out
Consolidated Utility Locators to help with location of utilities. Mr. Cotulla stated that Hurt &
Proffitt have no way to push this company to work aggressively since they are contracted out by
Miss Utility; however, they are making phone calls regularly. Mr. Cotulla stated that lines have
been located on the first section to Spout Spring and they are beginning work on the second
section. Mr. Cotulla stated that the field survey has been completed other than the location of
the utilities.
Mr. Cotulla stated that they anticipate having the survey complete by the end of the month
depending on the location of utilities. Mr. Roark stated that the location of utilities may change
the time line of what had been expected. Mr. Cotulla stated that he anticipates the location of
utilities to be complete within the next two wecks.
Mr. Cotulla stated that they are planning to make a submittal of an application to USDA for
funding as well as the Health Department.
Mr. Cotulla stated that the environmental record review has been completed and there are no
problems to date with this.
Mr. Cotulla stated that we will need to work more with the soliciting of customers so that we can
reach the numbers that the Health Department has requested.
Mr. Spiggle stated the Board may want to consider if there will be another incentive or strategy
that can be used to sign on more customers,
Mr. Dickerson stated that we currently have 51 signatures for waterline customers, however we
still need more customers and he feels that we will need some kind of incentive for the next step
to get the amount of desired customers. Mr. Dickerson stated that the Health Department, in
their application, wants the county to continue pursuing customers until they have signed on 80
percent along the line.