085
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to exempt Mr. Raymond
Dickerson’s property known as the Pamplin Pipe Factory.
Hearing no second, Mr. Paulette stated the motion died for lack of a
second.
Mr. Paulette next presented a livestock damage claim for payment.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$2,420.00 to pay for livestock killed by stray dogs. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained an executive session was necessary to discuss a
legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 8:15 p.m. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:37 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded)
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
=)
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to make an offer for
the doctor’s office in the amount of $225,000.00 for a term of 15 years
at 8% interest. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.