516
Chairman Conrad stated that it would be just adding more money to what we’ve been talking
about which is what we didn’t want to do. Chairman Conrad stated that every time you add
something like we just said lets get this Economic Development Director and now we need a
operational budget for this position, so once again we have got this budget down to an 9.1 cents
increase and now here we go changing it to a 10 cents increase, so we have gone right back
where we were before we cut the school’s budget.
It was consensus of the Board after general budget discussion to reduce the school budget
request in the amount of $367,310. Ms. Ferguson stated that she would send out a letter
tomorrow to Dr. Boone stating this.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to see that $2000 dollars restored back into 1101-5504 for
the reason, we are elected officials and we are attending meetings and it does get expensive.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not have a problem with restoring this money to the budget because
with the Economic Director in here they are going to bring this money back in to us.
Ms. Ferguson ask the Board if they wanted to advertise a nine cent or ten cent tax increase and it
was the consensus of the Board to advertise a ten cents tax increase.
Mr. Carter made a motion to advertise a ten cent proposed tax levy increase. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Craft, nay; Mr. Conrad, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would get the notice out next week and the public hearing would
not be held on the night of a Regular Board meeting.
Chairman Conrad called for further comments.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would get all the changes made and have a clean copy if anyone
wishes to stop by and review it prior to the public hearing.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson to give a status report on the ongoing animal warden case.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Dr. Burger has about 25 dogs that are in bad shape and he is working
with them, we have some dogs being housed in Campbell County that have needed some medical
care. We also have some of the dogs housed in Prince Edward and within our pound. Ms.
Ferguson stated that we have subpoenaed shot records for these dogs and should have had them
here today which she did not, which means that we have to vaccinate them for rabies, so we are
probably looking at $10,000 in bills. Ms. Ferguson stated that court is scheduled for tomorrow
morning and we have been told that she has hired an attorney, so most likely, nothing will be
done tomorrow, which will leave us hanging with these animals a while longer. Ms. Ferguson
stated that we will be billing her for these expenses.