51
Mr. Carroll gave a brief statement about some of the information that was presented. He also
related information received by fax from Ellen Davenport at VACo discussing the lottery funds.
These funds can be split no more than 50% to use for recurring expenditures and at least 50%
spent on non-recurring expenditures by the school boards. Non-recurring expenditures are
described to include school construction, additions, infrastructure, site acquisitions, renovations,
technology and other expenditures related to modernizing class room, equipment and debt
service payments on school projects during the past ten years.
Mr. Carroll presented the following items:
Commissioner of Revenue - Mr. Mays has not been including any conference/education
convention expenses in his budget. Mr. Carroll had requested Mr. Mays to includes these figures
in his budget.
School Resource Officers - these grants have been re-approved at a 80/20 match. The approved
budget of $32, 705 is the total, including federal and local match money.
Davenport & Co. - Correspondence from Darryl Hill of Davenport & Co. Mr. Hill essentially
stated there was no savings in refinancing the County’s current long-term debt.
Real Estate Tax: According to the work plan adopted for the budget, the Board is scheduled to
adopt or set the tax rate at the April 8"" meeting. The equalized rate is $.66 cents per $100
assessed rate. If the Board wanted to raise this equalized rate, you would need to have a public
hearing. If you are not planning to raise this rate, no public hearing is necessary. If the tax rate is
not set at the April 8" meeting, the June 5" tax collection date may have to be pushed back.
Mr. Kendrick discussed his feelings regarding some of the statements made recently in the news
media regarding the Board cutting certain things from the budget, especially the school budget.
The Board does not have the ability to cut line items, they can only control the total budget. Line
items and programs are cut by the agency or department.
Mr. Carter echoed Mr. Kendrick’s remarks. The Board has no control over line items changes or
any of the various scenarios submitted for approval.
Mr. Carwile agrees with both Mr. Carter and Mr. Kendrick. However, he does not want the
Board to set the tax rate in haste. The public has been told the tax rate would be around $.66 per
$100 of assessed value or maybe lower to around $.62 per $100. He suggests the Board let Mr.
Carroll look at what revenue is available and then we can see what we can do on funding for the
school as well as funding the other departments. Most of the departments budgets have already
been cut by the State, some as much as 7%, with the exception being the Sheriff's Office. It is
time for the Schools and Administration Staff to share the pain of the budget process. He
encourages the School to reduce its budget at the salary level and not by cutting programs
involving the children.
Mr. Moore cannot see the citizens of the County picking up the slack created by cuts at the State