419
On November 16, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors met at the
Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: = Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and stated that the purpose of this meeting
was to interview architects for the Courthouse Renovation.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary in accordance with the Code of
Virginia, 1950 as amended, Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 for the purpose of interviewing architects
for the Courthouse Renovation Project.
At 6:05 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:00 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law
were discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii)
only such matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
At 9:02 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.