326
member to the Regional Central Virginia Housing Board. Afte
discussion, the Board, by consensus, deferred this to the January 199
meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a Memorandum of Understanding from David L
Smith, Chairman, Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District
asking the Board to accept this document. Mr. Torrence made a motiol
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept this Memorandum of Understandin
(copy on file in Board file) with the Robert E. LIee Soil & Wate
Conversation District. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye;
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Ferguson next presented a copy of the lease with the Heal
Department including the addition of the basement area. Mrs. Beasl|
made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the lease with
Health Department as submitted (copy on file in the Board file). Vo
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, a
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented an application from Spout Spring Ruritan Cli
to renew their Bingo and Raffle permit for 1994. Mrs. Beasley made
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Bingo and Raffle Permit
Spout Spring Ruritan Club for 1994. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Charlie Peterson, Solid Wa:
Administrator for landfill appropriation for December, 1993.
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriat
$47,899.94 from the landfill bond account to cover the followin
expenses:
Central Virginia Lab $ 1,105.00
Caterpillar Financial Serv. 2,660.00
Caterpillar Financial Serv. 2,165.00
Hurt & Proffitt 8,466.34
D. S. Nash 33,503.60
$47,899.94
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a second request from Mr. Peterson for 4
appropriation to take care of OSHA Requirements.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasle
to appropriate from unappropriated surplus $826.60 to cover OSH
Requirements at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The next item presented for consideration was a request from th
Virginia Economic Developers Association for dues for 1994. Aft
disucssion and by consensus of the Board it was determined not to pa
these dues.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board of a conference being held January 21
1994 in Richmond by Virginia Municipal League, Virginia Association ¢
a
4
“ROS.©Se ee
le
Qo-KARO BrePos