448
7301-5401 Office Supplies $389.36
7301-5411 Books 206.59
7301-5414 | Pamplin Depot Library 124.95
FUND TRANSFERS:
Courthouse Maintenance
transfer by consent $48.99 from Courthouse Maintenance Fund to 4302-7010 in the
General Properties budget.
Mr. Carter pointed out a correction that needed to be made on page 31 of the minutes.
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the Consent Agenda as submitted with the correction
to the minutes as noted by Mr. Carter. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for
aroll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented the Informational Items and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he was very impressed by the E911 Report on now being able
communicate with Lynchburg General Hospital on behalf of the rescue squad. The center
will be capable of transmitting information from a Phillips 12-lead EKG onto a server
allowing the Rescue Squad to provide Lynchburg General with twelve different views of
a patient’s heart rhythm, which could be vital for heart patients. This will allow the ER
doctor to diagnose a patient before they arrive at the hospital. Mr. Carter stated that he
feels that this is a benefit for this community.
Mr. Tanner stated he noticed that Mr. Spencer had helped with getting this program
installed.
Chairman Conrad next calied for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Carter stated that he had several issues for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that the handout that was given from Governor Kaine on the stimulus
plan is vital.
Mr. Carter stated that in moving along with the waterline it may be prudent to send a
letter to the Town asking their intentions on the use of the Stag Grant. Mr. Carter stated
that there is a time element and we need to get Ms. Ferguson to send a letter asking their
intentions.
Mr. Carter questioned if a joint meeting had been scheduled with the EDA and the
Planning Commission.