159
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 8:50 p.m. to discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:50 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for action from executive session.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appoint Ms. Tina
Carter, as Interim Landfill Operator for six months with a salary of
$20,650.00. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to adjourn at 9:52 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, |
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A joint work session of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and
the Appomattox County School Board was held on October 2, 1996 at 6:00
P.M. in the School Board Conference Room, North Court Street, |
Appomattox, VA.
Present (Board of Supervisors):