536
above for the purposes herein described.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
5. Community Center Sign: The Community Center Advisory Board is requesting permission
to purchase and install a new sign for the Community Center entrance. They have received
three (3) bids with an estimated cost of $3,910.00 for necessary masonry work and materials
be provided by community service.
Mr. Kendrick wanted to know what the other bids were.
As a member of the Community Center Advisory Board, Mr. Carwile stated Ms. Dixon had done
quite a bit of research on this and he feels like this is something we should have done. The present
sign at the entrance road is not very adequate.
After some discussion regarding the fact that the present sign is not very visible, Mr. Carter made
a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Community Center Advisory Board’s request to
replace the entrance sign at the Appomattox Community Center. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
The next item for consideration is the Consent Agenda: (items 6 - 13)
6. Approval of Bills: Approval of Bills for April, 2001.
BOARD ACTIONS:
7. Solid Waste Collector License: Waste Management of Blue Ridge-Salem has submitted an
application for a license to collect and dispose of garbage in Appomattox County. In addition
to the license fee, they will have to pay a commercial haulers fee plus disposal fees.
8. Bond Counsel Fee: The fees associated with finalizing the literary loan financing and
ensuring investments were in accordance with arbitrage regulations has been submitted by
Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller in the amount of $2,002.04. The Board needs to authorize
payment of this invoice and requisition this amount from the financing proceeds.
9. FCCLA: The Board previously tabled a request for a donation from this organization from
the high school until after the presentation by members of FCCLA at tonight’s meeting. By
approving the Consent Agenda the Board will deny this unbudgeted contribution at this time?
10. Department of Social Services: The Department of Social Services has submitted their
Budget for FY 2002. The new budget year begins on June 1st and Mr. Carroll is requesting
the Board authorize him to sign the DSS budget certification.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
11. Country Haven Estates: Please supplement line item 4104-3002 - Professional Services by
$3,628.86 to reflect payment by VDOT to the County for that portion unused by VDOT on
the Country Haven Estates project. This $3,628.86 will be refunded to Country Havens
Estates.