i ip.
Mr. R. B. Parris came forward and gave his address as Route 727, Appomattox. Mr. Parris
continued that he was a hunter safety instructor and a hunter. Mr. Parris continued that he was
insulted by some of the speakers. Mr. Parris stated that there were always a few bad eggs in any
group. Mr. Parris continued that he wanted to reiterate a few things that he had said at an earlier
meeting. Mr. Parris stated that the terrain in the surrounding counties was virtually the same and that
if a problem occurred with a hunter then it should be reported to the proper authority. Mr. Parris
suggested that the Board of Supervisors form a committee to go to the counties that allow rifles and
check to see what kind of safety problems they have.
Mr. Moore then called for other comments.
Mr. Hugh Dolan came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Dolan
began by reading a letter from a friend of his who lives and hunts in Appomattox County.
On Thanksgiving Day 1975 I killed my first deer. I was thirteen years old and hunting under the
close supervision of my father in Charlotte County. I was using a lever action Marlin 30-30 rifle
which served me well on that day and many more to follow. Even though I have had many
occupations since that day that have carried me away from home I have always returned to Charlotte
County to hunt. I am now thirty-eight years old and stationed in law enforcement in Appomattox
County. I would like to see the County pass a law which would now allow rifles to be used. In
twenty-five years since my first deer kill I have had the opportunity to take at least one hundred deer
with many different rifles. Four of these are mounted and hang on my walls. Of these four deer all
were taken with a rifle and could not have effectively been taken with anything other than a rifle.
Also, of the numerous rounds I have fired while hunting as well as in practice, they have all gone
without incident. In comparison, I have only taken one deer in my life with a shotgun. I am not
aware of any incident in my hunting group within the past twenty-five years that involved rifles,
however, I can recall several improper uses of a shotgun that involved property damage, injury and
sometimes eventually a fist fight. My point would be that there is nothing inherently dangerous
about arifle. It all boils down to abuse. Poor judgement on the part of anyone can cause an accident
with anything including trucks, bows and arrows, bowling balls, etc.
Signed: R. P. DeJarnette, Jr.
P. O. Box 577
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Mr. Dolan stated that Mr. DeJarnette was currently a State Trooper assigned to Appomattox County.
Mr. Dolan continued that he was here this evening to address the Board to talk about the scare tactics
that have been used to scare the Board and the citizens of Appomattox County. Mr. Dolan continued
that these scare tactics were based entirely on the ignorance of the facts. Facts such as: Our hunters
by and large do not hunt posted land without landowners permission, we as a whole do not shoot
deer at night, we don’t’s let our children run around with guns blazing, we don’t shoot at structures