286
13. Health Department: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$5,235.00 to 5102-5800 for additional state funding that has been approved for
pay plan and hospitalization insurance adjustments for additional district wide
Environmental Health Food Establishment Inspector.
14, J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library: Please appropriate by consent and
supplement $485.53 Library budget for funds received for stamps, office
supplies, book replacement fees, donations, and book sales.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
15. Appomattox County Parks, Recreation & Tourism Department: Ms.
Dixon has submitted her December 2005 report of activities.
16. Appomattox County Public Schools — Monthly Financial Report:
Financial Report for the School Division for December, 2005.
17. Letter from Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department: Letter received
announcing the delivery of their new rescue-pumper vehicle.
18. Virginia Association of Counties: VACo 2006 Legislative Priorities.
19. Capitol Contact: VACo’s semi-monthly newsletter sent on the 1% and 15" of
each month.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad stated he had discussed with Ms. Ferguson today the need to place the Land
Use issue on the front burner. There are varied opinions on it, and certain people are
going to be expecting the Board to react one way or the other. Not everyone will be
happy but he is getting calls regarding the Board’s position. The Cattleman’s Association
is having a lady or gentleman visit with them. This individual will not try to sway
anyone one way or the other. Basically, they will let the Cattleman’s Association know
what Land Use is doing, what it can do and might not do for us here. Mr. Conrad will be
attending this meeting and would like another Board member to accompany him.
Depending on what this person has to say, we, as a Board, may wish to have this
person speak to us.
Mr. Conrad also discussed the response to the advertisement for Committee
Appointments. He also commented on the Wall of Honor project.
Mr. Armbrust stated we need to consider is that we have tried to stick by our guns and
correct some of the mistakes that have been made in the past. Whether it is the Court
yard, violations of vehicles, etc., he thinks that the Board is sometime a little too lenient
and need to look at this a little harder.
Mr. Craft expressed some concerns regarding the Wall of Honor Project.
Mr. Carter stated that he read in Sunday’s Lynchburg Paper re: Biosolids, our local
delegate, Mr. Abbitt, has introduced a bill that will stop the spread of biosolids until the