357
implement work that is outside of the current construction scope. The first Change
Order involves the placement of conduit from the utility pole to the stubbed conduit
exiting the building. This will provide electrical service to the new courthouse. The
second Change Order involved extension of the communications backbone network
from the new courthouse to the other buildings in the complex. The purpose of the
communications backbone is to allow for a centralized phone system for the entire
complex that would be housed in the new courthouse and also to allow for a
centralized server to allow for one internet access point. Staff believes that the
change orders will allow for coordination of the improvements with ongoing
construction and allow for the utilization of the communications backbone when the
courthouse is completed.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Courthouse Change
Orders as submitted. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next stated the Board needed to enter into a closed session for the purpose of
discussing a personnel issue.
At 7:50 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed
session in accordance with §2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussing a personnel issue. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent).
At 8:10 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to return to open
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2,2 — 3711 A. 1 — of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing a personnel issue.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter asked if there was any action to be taken as a result of the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to execute the letter of agreement to
hire J. G. Overstreet as the County Attorney. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
357