177
Trooper Smith stressed the importance of wearing seatbelts and gave an example ofa
vehicle crash that should have been completely survivable however, the driver was killed;
one passenger had an amputation while another passenger now has the brain capacity of a
child. None of the passengers in this vehicle were wearing seatbelts.
Mr. Austin also stated that when considering the budget that the Board may want to
consider some safety issues and with the challenge of the Governor, VDOT will be
looking at road shoulders making sure of no low shoulders. Mr. Austin reminded the
Board if they are aware of any safety issues such as guard rails; signs, sight distance
problems to please contact VDOT and make them aware of these issues and they will
look at them to see what can be done.
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Austin and Trooper Smith for their comments.
Mr. Carter stated that a prime example of making roads safer would be South Church
Street and that accidents had been reduced considerably since the renovations.
Trooper Smith stated that State Police have highway hazard forms and if you see a safety
hazard call State Police and they will take a look at the issue and turn in to VDOT.
Mr. Tanner thanked Mr. Austin, Trooper Smith and Robert Brown who has been helping
him with a guardrail issue and also for the job they do.
Mr. Craft next called for Administrative Items. The first item of discussion will be
Appomattox County secking to participate with the Commonwealth of Virginia and other
local governments in a public safety communications interoperability memorandum of
understanding.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he had no legal problems with this memorandum of
understanding and feels that if Mr. Wingfield is comfortable with the wording of this he
is also.
Mr. Craft stated that there is no cost involved in this memorandum of understanding.
Mr. Conrad questioned if this would give Appomattox County the ability to communicate
with everyone on a state level.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the memorandum of understanding with the
Commonwealth of Virginia and other localities for public safety communication
interpand Mr. Moore seconded this motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for the
vote. Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.