387
Mr. Roark read the first petition:
CUP06005 — Michael Wirth, Swan Road (Route 600): The applicant is
requesting a Conditional Use Permit to local a kennel on property located on
Swan Road (Route 600) between Park Street (Route 1109) and Pamplin Road
(Business 460) in Pamplin. Property is zoned A-1, Agricultural District in the
County and V-1 Village Center District in the Pamplin Town Limits and contains
approximately 11.937 acres. Tax Map #111(A)1-(A)-6.
Mr. Roark asked is anyone wished to speak in favor of this request.
Mr. Mike Wirth of 242 Swan Road, Pamplin, Va. - Mr. Wirth stated he would like
to breed dogs and have a permit to board dogs. There is not too much demand at the
present time for boarding dogs, but he would like to have this service in place if the
occasion arises. He is trying to keep everything nice looking and is trying to keep
everyone in the neighborhood happy. He has agreed to build a privacy fence on the
side next to Mr. Wingfield and the back corner nearest the Fire Department. He is willing
to address any concerns anyone has regarding this request.
Ms. Kathy Munsey of Route 1, Box 6, Pamplin, Va. - She has spoken with Mr.
Wirth and supports his proposal and feels certain that if problems occur in the future, he
will address them. What he has proposed looks good to her. She feels he will be a good
neighbor.
Mr. Roark asked if there were any further comments. Hearing none, he read the next
petition.
Mr. Roark read the next petition:
CUP06006 — Terry and Kim Wright, Richmond Highway (Route 460):
The applicants are requesting a Conditional Use Permit for property located on
Richmond Highway (Route 460) on the west side of the intersection of Matthews
Road (Route 1045) in order to operate a Trailer Sales lot featuring horse, car and
utility trailers on said property. Property is zoned M-1, Industrial District and
contains approximately 1.54 acres. Tax Map #63-A-63.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak in favor of this petition.
There was no one present to speak either in favor of or in opposition of this proposal.
Mr. Roark turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:10 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman