026
Mr. Carroll then asked for permission for two employees to attend the landfill
certification class being taught at Virginia Beach the week of August 23, 1999. The
approximate cost for each employees would be $900.00.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve for two employees to
attend the landfill certification class at Virginia Beach at a cost of approximately $900.00
each. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there was some action necessary regarding the industrial
access road for the industrial park. Mr. Bosiger noted that there were several resolutions
and a sample letter of credit that needed to be approved and sent by Farmers Bank of
Appomattox to VDOT.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the
following resolution:
Board of Supervisors Letter of Credit Resolution
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has determined that
industrial development is an important element in the economic well being of
Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, the Board has instructed the Industrial Development Authority of
Appomattox County, Virginia to develop an industrial park of 475 acres one quarter mile
northwest of the Town of Appomattox, referred to as the Appomattox County Industrial
Park, and
WHEREAS, to successfully develop the Appomattox County Industrial Park road
improvements to Route 26 and an entrance road to the park are required, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation provides funds for industrial
access and the State Transportation Board has made an allocation of $350,000 for the
purpose of funding the necessary road improvements to initially serve the park, subject to
the location of a VDOT determined qualifying industry on lot 1 and/or 6 of the industrial
park and an irrevocable letter of credit payable to VDOT is required.
THEREFOR, BE IT RESOLVED THAT, at a regular meeting held on June 28, 1999
at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will
hereby enter into agreement with the Farmer’s Bank of Appomattox to provide an
irrevocable letter of credit in the amount of $350,000 for the sum of $350, and authorizes
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator and Clerk to the Board, to sign said agreement
on behalf of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
agrees to the terms listed in the letter of credit agreement with Farmer’s Bank of
a