United States and their counties to stand tall and proud.
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors condemns the
cowardly and deadly actions of these terrorists, and;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors supports the
President of the United States, as he works with his national security team to defend against
additional attacks, and find the perpetrators to being them to justice, and;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recommends
to its citizens to support relief efforts by giving blood at the nearest available blood donation center.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
3. Biosolids Ordinance: The Board has held a public hearing to receive public comments on
this ordinance and we have received written comments from Synagro and the American
Legion for consideration.
We also have for discussion two letters from Virginia Department of Health regarding the
safety of biosolids. One of these letters deals with a lawsuit filed by Synagro against Louisa
County dealing with the set backs being greater than those set by the State Ordinance.
Mr. Kendrick has a problem with the safety issue, EPA, and the odors caused by the use of Biosolids.
He also has a problem with the State setting ordinances for the County. This is our County and we
should have the right to set ordinances as we see fit. To allow biosolids within the County or not.
He will not vote for this.
Mr. Carter has some questions pertaining to letter received from Synagro: 1) §95-4 “Where
Permitted” - allowing use of biosolids on properties rezoned to something other than agriculture; 2)
§95-6 “Processing Fees” - Who is responsible for payment of fees for monitoring prior to 2003; 3)
§.95-9 - “Training Requirements” - farm operator should receive training not landowner.
Mr. Kendrick also questioned who is liable for odors, drainage or other problems? Is it the people
who bring it in or the farmers or person whose land it is used on? If there is a nuisance suite filed,
who is responsible? Is it the landowner or the people bringing it in, or is it the County or the State?
If this is a County Ordinance, it should surely be an ordinance that we can agree to, and apply our
restrictions as we see fit. If it is a State Ordinance, then what is the point? Do we simply sit silent,
Is that what it is all about?
Mr. Moore agreed with Mr. Kendrick in “that was about what it boiled down to”. If we don’t vote
for it, they can spread it anyway.
Mr. Carwile stated he agreed with everything that has been said. He thinks that the Board, owes it
to the citizens of the County to do what we can to protect them from biosolids. We have the right
to make and put restrictions in this ordinance.