583
At 8:20 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Mayberry seconded by Mr. Carson the meeting was adjourned.
VOTE: Town Council, all aye.
VOTE: Board of Supervisors: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore
aye.
©
e . Kendrick, Chairman
On Tuesday, September 4, 2001 at 6:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,
Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: _ Jerry G. Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to give the
invocation.
Mr. Kendrick called Mr. Don Austin, Resident Engineer, Virginia Department of Transportation to
address the Board.
Mr. Austin presented the Board with a resolution from the Road Viewers for the acceptance of
Woodline Drive, off State Route 669, into the State Secondary Road System. VDOT could not find
any past history of this ever being a part of the state/county road system and falls under §33.1-72.1C
(50/50 cost) as a subdivision established prior to July 1, 1990.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Board of Viewers on July 23, 2001, viewed the following requested section of road
for eligibility as a new addition to the Secondary Road System and recommend to the Board that it
be added to the Secondary Road System.
BE IT RESOLVED, this Board does hereby accept the Board of Viewers report and will request
the Virginia Department of Transportation to add the following section to the Secondary Road
System of Appomattox County when the necessary unrestricted fifty (50) feet of right of way is
obtained, required utility adjustments completed and funding is available.