325
Mr. Carter stated that in looking through the paper last week he read that Bedford County
has really put a answer on ways to alert the public to these facts.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like the County Attorney to look into this and get back to
the County Administrator and then bring to the Board for review.
Mr. Carter questioned if Ms. Ferguson is still working on the Economic Development job
description.
Ms. Ferguson stated that a job description for an Economic Development position is
currently being worked on.
Mr. Craft stated that he attended a regional training exercise in Pamplin with neighboring
volunteer fire and rescue participants, and it was a very impressive exercise.
Chairman Craft next called for a recess at 6:50 p.m. to wait for scheduled appearances.
Chairman Craft reconvened the meeting at 7:00 p.m. and called on Mr. Gary Heiser, State
Forest Manager to come and speak to the Board.
Mr. Heiser came forward and gave the Board a check in the amount of $16,489.00 for the
County’s share of the proceeds from the sale of timber off the State Forest.
Mr. Heiser then stated that it had been decided to improve what we already have, They
are hoping to provide larger maps, signage for trails and they are currently printing
brochures for the County Visitor Center. They are also hoping to improve the trails, they
currently have about 20 miles of trails for horse riding but nowhere for them to park the
trailers. Mr. Heiser asked the Boards permission to combine the monies for Buckingham
and Appomattox and the Board agreed to this.
Mr. Heiser then asked the Board if they had any questions for him, hearing none,
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Heiser and then reminded the Board of the upcoming
meetings.
Chairman Craft next called for a recess at 7:07 p.m. to wait for the next scheduled
appearance.
Chairman Craft reconvened the meeting at 7:09 p.m. and welcomed Mr. Bruce
Alexander.
Mr. Bruce Alexander came and gave his address as Carson Drive, Spout Spring, Virginia
and stated that he would like to address the Board in regards to a farm house that he had
purchased three years ago and refurbished.
Mr. Alexander explained that Carson Drive is a private road with two subdivisions and
also some private property which includes his dwelling.