Mr. Bosiger reminded the other members of the Board of the Central Virginia Regional
Dinner Meeting scheduled for April 16, 1998 at 6:30 P.M. at the Frozen Food Locker.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded everyone of the scheduled budget work sessions of April 7
and 9.
Mr. Carter then asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would contact the Sheriff's Department and
request they work radar on state route 641 and state route 719. Mr. Carter continued that
he had been receiving complaints about the excessive speed in this area.
Mr. Torrence stated he felt the Board should appoint a committee to review the areas of
need in a sports complex and make recommendations to the Board of Supervisors.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to place this item on the agenda for a future meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the attention of the Board to the Administrative Items.
Mr. Bosiger explained that several Musical or Entertainment Festival Permits had been
requested.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Musical or
Entertainment Festival Permits for Stonewall Vineyards, Mayfest and Stonewall Antique
Power Associations power show, and waive the bond requirements. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Bob Bradner for a resolution supporting
combining with five (5) other localities in our VJCCCA Biennial Plan.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox agrees to participate in
The Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act, and
WHEREAS, participation in the Virginia Juvenile Community
Crime Control Act requires a local plan be drawn showing how
funds will be expended;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of
Supervisors of Appomattox County that the plan attached to this
resolution is the Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act
local plan for Appomattox County and that this Board endorses this
plan.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger also presented a request from Mecklenburg County supporting Senator
Charles Robb’s “Buy-out plan” for tobacco growers.
389 —