318
payroll clerk. Ms. Ferguson stated that recently she found that the job description had not been
changed.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board needed to officially make this change.
Mr. Moore made a motion to approve the changes to the job description of the Finance
Coordinator. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Moore’s motion. Hearing no further discussion,
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5 — Resignation from the Economic
Development Authority.
Chairman Craft questioned if the vacant position would be advertised. Mr. Carter stated that this
did not need to be advertised due to having three citizens apply at an earlier date.
Mr. Carter stated that out of the three applicants that applied for the Economic Development
Authority position earlier this year, Mr. Millner was the only one not appointed and he would
like to serve in this capacity. Mr. Carter stated that he did not see a reason to advertise again.
Mr. Craft stated that Mr. Millner was appointed to the Planning Commission and he would not
be able to serve on both committees.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would have to resign from the Planning Commission to serve on the
Economic Development Authority.
Mr. Overstreet told the Board that they could appoint Mr. Millner subject to his resignation to the
Planning Commission. He stated that Mr. Millner would need to send a formal letter of
resignation.
Mr. Carter made a motion to appoint Mr. Chad Milner to the Economic Development Authority
subject to his resignation on the Planning Commission. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s
motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #6- Renewal Rates for Health and Dental
Insurance.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there was only a 2.6 percent increase in premiums, but we also are
going to increase our coverage by adding routine wellness and well baby care coverage at 100
percent.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the rates for health insurance for the term beginning
October 1, 2008 to September 20, 2009. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no
further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.