|
266
The Town Council and the Chamber of Commerce is happy to let the County pay for all
tourism. He has made suggestions to the Chamber and the Town on how to form a
Tourism Task Force — this was done. They came up with a list of things that could be
done, none of which had not been suggested previously. =
Mr. Wilson stated that Ms. Ann Dixon, Recreation Director, was the best tourism director
around. He also suggested that her title be changed to Tourism/Recreational Director,
and let her coordinate these tourism activities for all the people in the County and all of
those who are not members of the Chamber, do not reside downtown and you have
control of the budget. You have someone there that is most capable, she can grow in the
job and if you keep her from growing, I would dare say you are going to lose her.
Someone will find out just how good she is and snap her up. He feels the $12,000 or
$13,000 would be better spent on budgeting her office and let her find the volunteers who
can work with this thing and direct the activities because she has the imagination, the
energy, the ability to plan and she will get it done.
The Chamber just does not have the money, the manpower or the widespread support
that they need.
There was some discussion regarding where the tourism budget goes. Seldom do you
see any Appomattox brochures located at visitors centers elsewhere in the State.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Kendrick and Mr. Carwile agreed to look into some of
these suggestions and explore options on the CEDS (Comprehensive Economic
Development Strategies) Committee which has already been formed and has this as a Le)
topic of concentration.
Mr. Carroll stated that a couple of people that were sc heduled to appear t onight w ere
unable to attend. One was Ms. Connie Purvis of BREMS. They had requested $1,300 in
this years budget. We have never funded them before, but they are the organization that
helped us secure the grant for the AED’s. Roger Irvin at the Sheriff's Department would
be a good contact person regarding questions for BREMS.
Ms. R honda Knight o f the Virginia A id S ociety submitted the p resentation she would
have presented tonight. Each of you have a copy.
This concludes all the presentations regarding the Budget tonight. Time will be allocated
for Budget discussion at the May 5" meeting.
The Board received a packet of information from Davenport & Co. LLC regarding the
courthouse financing at its April 21 meeting. Mr. Carroll presented some figures on
interest and length of financing on a bank qualified loan.
The Board agreed to work with Davenport on financing.