124
Mr. Carroll stated as he understood the Code, the cost had to be part of the referendum question. The
reason for using the $7,500,000.00 figure is because if the project were to come in over the stated
amount, we can only spend that amount on the project. This is the reason for the inflated figure.
Mr. Kendrick questioned stating the amount as plus or minus $6.500,000.00. Also it has not been
proven that this property is contiguous or not contiguous, so why do we have to even go to a
referendum. He would like proof that we have to have a referendum period. It is his understanding
that a ruling has never been made on this question.
Mr. Hancock stated that the he received several calls from senior citizens saying that they understood
the purpose of buying the property known as Courtland Field was for the building of a new
courthouse.
Mr. Carwile stated that he and Mr. Moore were on the Board at the time the property was purchased.
The intent was that it would be used for a courthouse if the occasion came up in the future.
However, it was not documented in the records that the property had been acquired for this specific
reason.
After more discussion Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that this issue be tabled
until the meeting on August 19, 2002. We need clarification on the amount of money to be specified
and if the property is contiguous or not contiguous. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
3. E-911 Consultant RFP: Staff has prepared the RFP to solicit consultant services that are need
to implement the Enhanced 911 program for the county. The RFP is being presented for the Board’s
consideration and approval. As stated in the timetable, the RFP will be released immediately upon
the Board’s approval. | is important that this phase of the project begin.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the E-911 Consultant RFP as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
4. Burn Ban: At it’s July 1“, 2002 meeting the Board instituted a burn ban because of the
extremely dry conditions. Several calls have been received asking for the resumption of open
burning since we have received some rain recently. After discussions with the local fire departments
and the forestry departinent there is still a significant concern about open burning.
Mr. Carwile stated that the recent rainfall was not significant enough to allow for the lifting of the
burn ban. Mr. Moore also stated that there had been a fire near him on Sunday afternoon, it was
assumed to be a result o! !ightening.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to keep the present burn ban in place until we
have more significant rainfall. WOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.