31
15. E-911 Coordinator: Please transfer by consent $1,440.00 from Operation
Reserve in the Board’s budget to Capital Outlay in the E-911 Budget for asbestos
inspection for the PSAP and the Old Oakville School.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then proceeded with the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 16-24)
16. Appomattox County Planning Commission Meeting Minutes: Minutes of
Planning Commission meeting on January 18, 2005.
17. Letter concerning Carver Price Legacy Museum: Letter received from
Senator Frank Ruff in support of the Carver Price Legacy Museum.
18. FY2005 Officers for the Planning Commission, BZA and the IDA: Mr.
Spencer has provided a list of the FY2005 officers for these Committees.
19. Virginia Water Central Newsletter: Since the Board is studying the best way
to provide water to the County this article may be of interest.
20. VDOT Quarterly Report: Quarterly Report for 24 Quarter.
21. Animal Pound Construction Status: Ad was placed concerning bidding on
the construction of the animal pound. Also estimate cost for project.
22. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of Board of
Directors Meeting held on November 18, 2004.
23. School Board Financial Report: Monthly financial report for January 2005.
24. Supervisor Concerns: Discussion centered around the changes that needed to
be made in the BYLAWS AND RULES OF PROCEDURES FOR THE APPOMATTOX
COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS MEETINGS.
Mr. Conrad suggested that under Ciitizens Comment Period the sentence reading
“Speakers shall be limited to speaking on items included on the current meeting's
agenda, but not on the public hearing calendar for the day”, should be eliminated. He
feels we are doing the citizens a disservice by not allowing them to speak on any subject
they want to speak on.
Mr. Conrad also addressed the last paragraph under Public Appearances. “Any person
speaking before the Board who represents himself as an officer of or representing an
organization, group, association, corporation, or other entity not generally known to the
Board shall, upon request by any member of the Board, disclose for the organization,
the history, size, dues, structure, date of creation, requirements for membership, tax
Status; etc”. We need to explain why we would need this information, especially if we
had not heard of or had any dealing with said organization, group or individual.
Mr. Conrad also stated that we need to address these two issues as well as correct some
grammatical and some spelling errors, at the next meeting on February 22, in order to
finalize this document.
Mr. Carter next discussed the changes necessary for the upcoming meetings.
UPCOMING MEETINGS