116
WHEREAS, THE Region 2 00 Regional C ommission has developed a Regional Bicycle Plan
designed to make recommendations concerning the placement of potential bike paths and shared
roadways in the region; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has approved the Regional Bicycle Plan
including it recommendations on the placement of bike paths and shared roadways within
Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the need for bicycle access to
the Appomattox Recreation Park; and
WHEREAS, the current recommendations do not include a bicycle route to the Appomattox
Recreation Park.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
recommends that the following routes be included in the Regional Bike Plan to provide such needed
access:
US 460 (Richmond Highway) from Business 460 (Confederate Blvd) to Route 613 (Police
Tower Road).
Route 613 (Police Tower Road) from US 460 (Richmond Highway) to Appomattox
Recreation Park entrance.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter stated that since it was not time for the scheduled Public Hearing the Board would
continue to the second item on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
2; Board Appointments:
a) Road Viewers: This issue was tabled from the previous meeting. Mr. C. A. Moore
has agreed to serve for another term. Ms. Lynette Page has moved and we have been
unable to contact her. Therefore, two members are needed for this committee.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Claude A. Moore, John Fitch and
Willie Craft to serve on the Road Viewers Committee for the current year. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
c. Library Board: Ms. Gibbs, has informed Mr. Carroll that Mr. Tom Chal fant is willing
to be reappointed to the Library Board for another term.(July 30, 2002 through July
30, 2005).
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Mr. Tom Chalfant to serve on the
Library Board for a term beginning July 30, 2002 through July 30, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye;