257
Mr. Carter questioned if the Board can change the criteria in the ordinance? Ms.
Ferguson stated that the criteria used is from the State Code and cannot be changed.
Ms. Ferguson read the following declaration pursuant to Section 2.2-3112.A.2 and 2.2-
3115G Code of Virginia and asked Mr. Moore and Mr. Tanner, if they would be able to
make this declaration.
I hereby declare that I have a personal interest in the transaction of adopting Land Use
taxation in Appomattox County by virtue of my ownership of real estate in the County
which may be eligible for Land Use. Therefore, I am a member of a group that may be
affected by this transaction.
I declare that notwithstanding the above, I am able to participate in this transaction fairly,
objectively, and in the public interest. Both Mr. Moore and Mr. Tanner agreed to this
declaration.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to schedule a Public Hearing on Land Use, June 2"4 2008 at
5:30 p.m. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #2 A Proposed Amendment to the
Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance.
Mr. Roark, County Planner explained that there would be more changes in the Erosion
and Sediment Control Ordinance that the new Erosion and Sediment Control Officer
would like to change to be in compliance with the Department of Conservation and
Recreation.
Mr. Conrad questioned if the Board would have to approve these additional changes.
Mr. Roark stated that the Board would need to hold a public hearing and then vote to
adopt any changes that would be made to the ordinance.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none Mr. Conrad made a motion to
adopt the proposed amendment to the Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3 Planning Commission
Recommendations.
Mr. Conrad stated that our Comprehensive Plan indicates that this type of rezoning is
something the Board needs to closely review.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is confused as to why three members of the Planning
Commission descended on this because they had concerns that the use for the entire