IX.
XH.
412
All project documents produced under this Agreement shall become the property of the County
upon project completion. The Local Government Council is entitled to permanently retain
appropriate copies of all project documents for reference purposes.
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Agreement is effective upon signature from both County and Local Government Council
approved representatives.
INDEMNIFICATION
The Local Government Council agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the County, its
officers, agents and employees from any claims, damages and actions of any kind or nature,
whether at law or in equity, arising from or caused by the use of any materials, goods or equipment
of any kind or nature furnished by the county, provided that liability is not attributable to the
negligence of the County or due to failure to use the materials, goods or equipment in the manner
already and permanently described by the County on the materials, goods, equipment or services
delivered. The County agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Local Government
Council, its officers, agents and employees from any claims, damages and actions of any kind or
nature, whether at law or in equity, arising from or caused by the County in any of its actions with
third parties.
CHANGES AND EXTENSION TO AGREEMENT
The County and the Local Government Council may agree in writing to modify or extend this
Agreement, to include future administrative services associated with future Enhancement Grant
Funding, at any time.
CANCELLATION OF AGREEMENT
The County may terminate this Agreement, in part or in whole, without cause and without penalty,
at any time upon sixty (60) days written notice to the Local Government Council. The Local
Government Council may terminate this Agreement for cause only when the County is in breach of
this Agreement, but must first afford the County a thirty (30) day period within which to cure such
breach. Cause shall be determined to be failure of the County to comply with its responsibilities
under the terms of this Agreement, or the failure to pay the Local Government Council in
accordance with the financial arrangements contained herein. Any cancellation notice shall not
relieve the parties of their obligations to perform all outstanding services which are to be performed
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement prior to the effective date of cancellation. Further,
all contract costs incurred in fulfillment of this Agreement done before written termination notice
and contract termination shall be paid by the County to the Local Government Council. In the
event of termination by either party, all finished and unfinished documents shall become the
property of the County.
CERTIFICATION OF AGREEMENT
In Witness, each party hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day, month, and
year first herein written.
APPOMATTOX COUNTY: