364
the real estate tax rate at .70 cents per hundred. Vote: Ms. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented information concerning property owned by the
County that Mr. Henry Wright is asking to purchase. After reviewing
information presented Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to accept Mr. Henry Wright’s offer of $2,300.00 for property,
as long as the agreement that Mr. Lawson has drafted is signed, located
on Route 460 at the Elementary School. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Minutes of the Public Hearing of December 13, 1993 and the
Organizational Meeting of January 10, 1994 were presented for
corrections and approval. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to approve minutes of the Public Hearing of December 13, 1993 and
the Organizational Meeting of January 10, 1994 as presented.
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson asked the Board what they would like to do concerning the
Summer Youth Program. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile that Appomattox County submit a grant proposal
for the summer youth program and that Carolyn Lawson complete and
submit this proposal. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Judge Lawson to pay for books.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve a
supplemental appropriation in the amount of $191.46 to Juvenile &
Domestic Relations Court’s budget for books. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, to attend a conference. Ms. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for Mr. Peterson to attend the 12th
Annual Virginia Waste Management Conference and expenses be paid from
1101-5504. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested the Board set a date for a public hearing on
Phase II of the ISTEA application on the Route of Lee’s Retreat. By
consensus, the Board set the date as March 1, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the
Courtroom.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that the County received $5,265.66 as
a reimbursement from the State for a portion of recordation taxes.
These funds will be issued quarterly to the locality. Mrs. Ferguson
explained that Code Section 58.1-816.C outlined how this reimbursement
could be used.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson for approval to
install a ramp to be used during wet weather.