Mr. Kendrick amended his previous motion to include the change to §95-14.B in the Ordinance
to be presented at the Public Hearing on March 18, 2002. Mr. Carwile seconded. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore asked what, if any, other counties was charging a hauling permit?
6. Spanish Translation of Community Profile: Ms. Ruth Heim has approached the County
regarding a proposal to provide a Spanish translation for the Appomattox County
Community Profile at a cost of $200.00.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to take this under advisement during the
budget session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye
1 BOARD APPOINTMENTS:
a. Elementary School Committee: Mrs. Shirley Eye has informed Mr. Kendrick that
she will be unable to serve on this committee for personal reasons.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to appoint Mrs. Pat Torrence to serve on the Elementary School
Committee as the representative from the Appomattox River District. Mr. Carwile seconded the
motion. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next called for the Consent Agenda:
8. Approval of Bills: Bills for month as presented. Also check issued to Clerk of the Court
for witness travel expenditures needed by March 4, 2002.
BOARD ACTIONS:
9. Courthouse Maintenance Fund Transfer: Transfer $217.56 from Courthouse Maintenance
Fund to General Fund to cover bills relating to the Courthouse and Clerk’s Office.
10. | NACO/ESDI Technology Foundation Grant: The National Association of Counties
through ESDI is offering grant fund for geographical information systems (GIS) software
and training to enable staff to perform certain tasks in house that would enhance projects
such as E-911, zoning, etc. Does the Board authorize staff to apply for this grant?
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
11. Circuit Court: Supplemental appropriation of $1,840.80 as requested by Ms. Williams
Reimbursement from State.