676
16. DCR Letter Concerning County's E & S Program: Letter from Department
of Conservation and Recreation concerning the County's jurisdiction over Erosion
and Sediment Control enforcement in the Town of Appomattox.
17. Department Staff Reports: Activity Reports from Department Heads for the
past month.
18. DEQ Landfill Compliance Inspection Report: Results of the Department of
Environmental Quality’s unannounced compliance inspection at the landfill on
March 26, 2007.
19. Fighting Fire with Facts — A Report on Local Fire Department Incident
Responses: Report on local fire departments involved with the Virginia Fire
Incident Report System (VFIRS).
20. Letter of Invitation from Habitat for Humanity: Letter from Beverly H.
Cyrus of the Appomattox County Chapter of Habitat for Humanity inviting the
Board to a dedication service for the home being built for the Mary Baker family.
Mr. Craft reported that he attended the dedication services for the Habitat for Humanity
house. Everything went well.
Mr. Conrad asked about the Landfill Compliance Inspection regarding the gas
concentration.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this project has been through the bid process and funding has
been secured and they are starting to install the flaring equipment.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS: (Item 21)
Mr. Craft stated he had one concern. Something that has been bothering him for a
while is this thing about the county, indicating that the county wants to take over and
merge the county with the town. This is not the way he understood it. We need to look
back and see who “fired the first shot” in this thing. Sometimes last year, there was a
rumor going around that the Town wanted to take in a four or five miles circumference
around the town. He went down and looked at the map, it looked like it was pretty
close to his house. Several people asked him about it and he informed them of what he
had found out. He told them to go to the town office and look at the map. They went
down to the town office and were told that David was not working and they did not
know of a map. He does not know what happened to it, but he believes this is where
this whole thing got started. If they are talking about taking in so much of the county,
someone said that if you are going to take the county, why no merge. He certainly is
not interested in merging. He does not see what it will benefit. He did see a petition on
this but he is notinvolved in it.
At 6:57 P.M. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board meeting.