234
(3) The Policy Board shall be responsible for the operation of th
Program within the participating localities and may hire and supervis!
a Program Dirctor or Program Directors who shall be responsible for thi
implementation of operational policies for the individual programs, thi
hiring and supervising of the Program staff and for direction an
control of revenue and expenditures of the Program according to thi
Policies and Procedures Manual of Piedmont Court Services.
0-30-00:
(4) An operating budget shall be prepared on an annual basis accordint
to the Policies and Procedures Manual of Piedmont Court Services.
i
(5) An annual report detailing the activities of the Program shall b
prepared under the supervision of the Policy Board and submitted to thi
Board of Supervisors for each participating locality on a yearll
basis. An annual financial audit shall be conducted according to th
Policies and Procedures Manual of Piedmont Court Services.
OAS
(6) This agreement shall remain in effect for three years commencin
July 1, 1993 and shall continue thereafter automatically from year t
year unless terminated by unanimous agreement of all participatin
governing bodies. Any participating county may withdraw from thi
agreement and from sponsorhsip of the Program at any time by givin
ninety days’ written notice to the Chairman of the Board of Director
of Piedmont Court Services and to all other participating governin
bodies. After such withdrawal, the withdrawing locality shall n
longer be entitled to representation on the Policy Board nor to an
other benefit afforded by the Program.
me wom (mien) mlememte!
(7) The Program is authorized to acquire real property and suc
articles of tangible personal property as the Policy Board deem
necessary or advisable for the optimal operation of the Program. An
title to such real or personal property shall be vested in Piedmon
Court Services so long as two or more political subdivisions continu
to participate in this agreement. In the event that only one politica
subdivision continues to sponsor the Program, the Program shall ceas
to operate as a joint exercise of power and property then owned by th
Program shall be disposed of in accordance with the applicabl
provisions of the Code of Virginia. Any questions concerning th
disposal of real or personal property shall be addressed to the Offid
of the Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Virginia or to th
appropriate Circuit Court.
0—D—D_O—D_O_+-_eS AS
(8) This Board approves the adoption of BY-Laws by the Board of
Directors of Piedmont Court Services which assists in the governing 9
its operations and consents to and ratifies any and all actions taker
by the Board of Directors to date.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next discussed with the Board a request from Sheriff
Richardson for guidarice in disposing of two (2) old vehicles. Mr
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to place the two (2) ol
vehicles from the Sheriff’s Department in the School Auction. Vote
Oo,
Qr