255
WHEREAS, the proportionate project share $200,000.00 is funded by Appomattox
County;
NOW, THEREFORE, IT BE RESOLVED BY THE Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors is hereby authorized to cause such information or materials as may be
necessary to be provided to the Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) and
to enter into such agreements as may be necessary to permit the formulation, approval
and funding of the Appomattox Community Park Project.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, Appomattox County gives its assurance that the
funds needed as the proportionate share of the cost of the approved program will be
provided, up to $200,000.00.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Appomattox County gives it assurance that
the General Provisions of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act (L& WCF) and the
Virginia Outdoors Fund Fiscal Procedures will be compiled with the administration of
this project.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Appomattox County will operate and
maintain the public recreation facility in good condition and will provide permanent
project acknowledgement signs of the participating funding agencies and that this signage
will clearly state that the said facility is a “public” recreational facility.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Appomattox County shall dedicate the
metes and bounds of the Appomattox Community Park properties, in perpetuity, for
public outdoors recreational purposes in accordance with the Land and Water
Conservation Fund (L& WCF) Act.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Appomattox C ounty gives its assurance
that all other applicable federal and state regulations governing such expenditure of funds
will be compiled within the administration, development, and subsequent operation of
this Appomattox County Community Park.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Department of Conservation and
Recreation is respectfully requested to assist in approval and funding of the Appomattox
County Community Park Project in order to enhance the standard of public recreational
enjoyment for all our citizenry.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye; (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carwile wanted to know if he understood correctly that if you donated to this cause
you could use this donation as a tax write off.
Ms. Anne Dixon, Recreation Director, clarified this with a yes answer.