602
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie E. Roark — County Planner
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and stated the purpose of themeeting was to receive information from Monte Mays, Commissioner of Revenue,
regarding Land Use Assessment Taxation.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Mays for coming and turned the meeting over to him.
Mr. Mays began by stating that he is committed to seeing that this program is enacted.
He will be present at the March 15" board meeting and will show the board a formula asto how this program will work.
In 2002 when the reassessment was performed, it was done improperly. Anyone whoknows anything about reassessment will agree with him. The same firm that did the
reassessment for Appomattox did the one for Buckingham, and they had all kinds of law
suits in their county.
What he is emphasizing is, when the next reassessment goes into effect, you will see
such an increase in values that you have never seen and will probably never see again
because of the way the 2002 reassessment was done. Land values in 2002 should have
been $2,000 an acre and they averaged out to $1,000 per acre. We should have gone
to land use in 2001 to be effective in 2002, but we didn’t. The reason it has not beenbrought up in the past thirty (30) years is because no one applied for land use. They
will be applying this year. You will see values (total values) go up equal and over abillion dollars. This will allow you to give back a portion of that assessment to thefarmers. They are the ones that will get hit the hardest following the reassessment, ifwe do not go into land use. There is some concern about other peoples taxing
increasing, some of them will. His will be among them. His point is, has been and will
be “I don’t want to see Appomattox County get into the shape that Bedford County has
gotten into”. We do not have the industry to offset these increase in sub-divisions and
one of the things the brought up was that we are putting so many new houses on the
books. The comment was made that there was not much growth in our county. 500
new houses in four (4) years is a lot of growth. These 500 new houses will not solve
the problem. If one house has one child, the county will lose money. It costs the county
a little over $2,000 to educate that child, and on the average one house will bring in
about $800. New construction is not the answer. Mr. Mays stated that he did not say,
“I think we will look at a 2 cents increase”. He has said all along that he does not know
what the increase will be. This cannot be determined until the farmers apply for land
use.
Mr. Mays handed out information received from Augusta County. Some of these can be
changed. However, the five (5) acres and your twenty (20) acres are pretty much
etched in stone, they cannot be changed. Augusta County charges $12.00 application
fee, plus twelve (12) cents per acre, every six (6) years. Mr. Mays feels we should base
our figures on every four (4) years. He also feels that Mr. Wingate will give the county a