468
Mr. Bosiger next asked if anyone had anything to request of Mr. Austin.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Austin could provide information concerning a
citizen request that portions of Evergreen Avenue, Route 1002 and Route 635 be
designated as a truck route, in order to keep truck traffic off of Church Street and avoid
the railroad crossing.
Mr. Austin stated that the railroad had wanted to close the crossing and that during the
process of researching the railroads’ request, VDOT had determined that the routes in
question were not adequate to accommodate a truck route. Mr. Austin continued that
upgrades would have to be made to portions of these roads and that the funding for this
would come from the secondary road budget. Mr. Austin then presented Mrs. Ferguson
with a copy of the policy on truck routes.
Mr. Bosiger then referenced a letter to Ms. Lindsay from Mayor Spiggle addressing the
continued problems with the railroad crossing and the fact that Norfolk Southern was not
making any attempt to make the necessary corrections to this crossing to help alleviate
the problem.
Mr. Austin stated that VDOT and the Town are continuing to work with the railroad in
order to try to make much needed corrections to the problems that exist at the railroad
crossing. Mr. Austin continued that he would keep the Board of Supervisors informed of
the progress.
Being nothing further for Mr. Austin, he was thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger next invited Mr. Greg Winston to appear before the Board.
Mr. Winston thanked the Board for allowing him to present the Forestry Departments
annual report. Mr. Winston explained that there had been a limited number of fires this
year with minimal damage. Mr. Winston continued that the local fire departments had
provided invaluable service as usual to minimize the damage caused by these fires.
Mr. Winston continued by providing information concerning the number of trees planted
over the past year.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Winston for his report, and excused him.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Wayne Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Phelps began that he was progressing with his efforts to replace the statue in the
Courthouse Square. He explained that a statue the size of the one presently in the Square
cost $11,500.00. Mr. Phelps explained that he was seeking contributions from the private
sector to pay for this statue and felt that he would be able to raise these funds without a
contribution from the County. Mr. Phelps then presented the members of the Board with