602
much less disturbing to employees then changing to a new carrier plan and network. Next year
the health insurance industry could have a complete new face and require a total change.
Ms. Ferguson gave the difference in the renewal premiums.
Key Care will be going from $293.55 to 365.19 per month and the school intends to keep paying
the employees full premium and in doing this for the County employees Ms. Ferguson stated that
she would need a $75,200 increase in the budget to take care of this premium increase.
Ms. Ferguson answered questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that it is up to the employer to do all we can to retain our current employees
and keep our employees we have to remain competitive.
Vice-Chairman Tanner called for further discussion, hearing none, he presented Administrative
Item #9- Sole Source Procurement of Winnbo Electric who has served as the electrical
subcontractor for CVCC Phase 2 under J.E. Jamerson. Mr. Tanner stated that there is additional
electrical work that needs to be done at the Carve Price Complex and the work will be outside of
the now-closed Jamerson contract and the work to be done involves three main areas (1) sorting
through the electrical panels to get enough power back into the kitchen and cafeteria areas to
power lights, receptacles and heating fans/circulators ($3,000); (2) wiring three water heaters and
adding receptacles once lab furniture is installed ($900); and labeling all breakers in basement
panel box ($250). Mr. Tanner explained since Winnbo did the initial work, staff feels that
Winnbo is the sole source practicably available to complete the new work needed.
Vice-Chairman Tanner called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the sole source procurement of Winnbo Electric to perform
needed electrical work at the Carver Price Complex at a total cost of $4,150.00. Mr. Moore
seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Vice-Chairman Tanner called for discussion, hearing none, he
called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item #10 — Carver -Price Legacy Museum
Handicapped Ramp and explained that the Carver Price Alumni have approached staff
concerning the construction of a handicap ram into their leased portion of the Carver-Price
Complex; staff drew up a written scope of work and received four bids with low bid being from
Norman Ferguson at $3,568.00. Mr. Tanner explained that there is $3,468.00 remaining out the
$10,000.00 in grant funds provided by the Virginia Department of Historic Resources for
projects at the original Carver School building now occupied by the Legacy Museum. Mr.
Tanner explained that if the low bid is accepted and the work authorized, there will be a $100.00
shortfall that either the County or the Alumni will have to make up. Vice-Chairman Tanner
stated that staff is recommending waiting and seeing if the Alumni can contribute the $100.00
shortfall, if so it is further recommended that the Board contract with the low bidder for
construction of the handicap access ramp at the cost of $3,468.00. If the Alumni cannot make
the $100.00 contribution, then it is recommended that the Board consider making up the $100.00
shortfall and accepting the low bid. Vice-Chairman Tanner called for discussion.