201
Mr. Carter then read the following Certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under Section 2.2-3711 A.5 —
and Section 2.2-3711 A.7 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a
prospective business location and legal matters (FOIS & Biosolids), respectively;
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then called attention to the next item on the Agenda under
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
2s Hunting Regulations: At the last meeting, the Board tabled the issue of possible
additional hunting regulations until the second meeting in January. Mr. Carter has
requested that this item be placed on agenda for tonight.
Mr. Carwile stated he has had many calls and face to face discussions regarding this
matter. He is now of the opinion that he has received a 50/50 imput. He also stated that
there are laws in place regarding this subject and we do not need to add to them, just have
the present laws enforced.
The other members of the Board feel the same. There needs to be more enforcement of
the regulations already in place. More enforcement by the Department of Game in Inland
Fisheries is needed.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to discontinue discussion of this
topic. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter stated he had neglected to ask if there was any action to be taken as a result of
the closed session.
There was no Action from the Closed Session.
3. Courthouse Cornerstone: At the last meeting the Board requested more
information regarding the cost of incorporating a cornerstone into the Courthouse
Project. Craddock-Cunningham has supplied information regarding this item.
Mr. Carwile stated he cannot understand why it wasn’t into the mix from the beginning.
He feels this response is ridiculous and the cost outrageous.