WHEREAS, participation in the Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control
Act requires a local plan be drawn showing how funds will be expended.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County that the plan attached to this resolution is the
Virginia Juvenile Community Control Act local plan for Appomattox
County and that this Board endorses this plan.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Stonewall Vineyards, Inc.
for a Musical and Entertainment Festival Permit for October 26, 1996.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the
Musical and Entertainment Festival Permit for Stonewall Vineyards, Inc
for October 26, 1996, and waive the bond requirements. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next recognized Mr. Daryl Puckett, Attorney, and explained
that Mr. Puckette wished to explain a request for a variance to the
subdivision ordinance.
Mr. Puckett explained that his request was to subdivide a 25 acre
parcel, located on a private road, into two parcels. Mr. Puckett
continued that the owners had financial problems and could solve these
problems by being allowed to sell a portion of their lot to satisfy
their creditors. Mr. Puckett asked the Board to favorably consider
this request.
Mr. Paulette informed Mr. Puckett the Board would make a decision later
in the meeting.
Mr. Paulette then explained an executive session as necessary to
discuss a legal and personnel matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into executive
session at 10:02 p.m. to discuss a legal and personnel matter. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 11:45 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended