234
a2 million dollar grant you have to come up with 50%. Mr. Moses continued that Mr. Abbitt
stated that the Courthouse itself could stand for the County’s 50% match. Mr. Moses in closing
stated that he realized that nothing was certain but this is what had happened in the past and he
hoped it would be available in the future. Mr. Moses also stated that as far as he knew this was
the only turn of the century Courthouse left in the State of Virginia and he felt the Board should
do what they could to preserve it.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Moses and called on Mr. Wayne Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Phelps came forward and explained that he was representing the historical people of
Appomattox County. Mr. Phelps explained that as the Board was aware, he represented the SCV
and the Historical Society in efforts to save the Courthouse. Mr. Phelps continued that they had
their own Board selected and that Mr. Moses and himself spearheaded it with Virginia Babcock,
Bill Burke, Bill Williamson, Jimmy Drinkard, Eston Harvey, Harry Ferguson and Otho W.
Martin, Jr. also working on this and Watkins Abbitt acting as their advisor. Mr. Phelps stated
that he also polled by telephone eighty-eight business’ in this County and that most of them were
in support of building a new Courthouse, fifteen were in support of renovation. Mr. Phelps
stated that history repeats itself and that you had to study history to realize this. Mr. Phelps
continued that he felt that if the Board made a mistake and renovated the Courthouse, twenty
years down the road we would be looking at a new one and that there would be a whole lot of
unhappy taxpayers in this County. Mr. Phelps, in closing, asked that the Board put every effort
and thought into this and make the right decision and build a new Courthouse.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Phelps and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Kendrick began that he would like to make a motion that the Board change the format of
their meetings to allow the executive sessions to take place in the beginning, followed by the
public session and adjournment. Mr. Kendrick explained that his reason for this was to dispel
any concern that the public may have concerning the Board’s meetings.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to change the format of
their meeting to have the executive session at the beginning of the meeting from 6:00 P.M. until
6:30 P.M. just before the appearances. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Kendrick then explained that he would like to make a motion that the Board appoint an
Educational Advisory Committee consisting of one member of the Board of Supervisors, one
member of the School Board and four citizens of the County, to advise with current and future
educational needs including the use of the old elementary school. Mr. Kendrick stated that the
purpose of this committee was to encourage the Board’s to begin working together.
Mr. Carter stated that the Citizens Forum was also looking into uses for the old elementary
school.