321
school based on the capacity of students, take the rated number of 1,032 and use the average
square footage cost of $105 . If you take this school’s square footage at 106,727 multiply by
$105 and you reach a total cost of $11,206,335.00 for site and building construction.
The amount of $2,250.000 will be additional cost to the $11,206,335.00 for project cost.
(Technology, furnishing, architects fees & 5%, contingency.)
The total amount coming to approximately $13,321,000, based on the $105 per square foot cost
Mr. Moje reminded the Boards that there has been at least a year and a half of inflation since the
school construction data report has been done.
Discussion of the square footage per pupil. Mr. Moje explained how they calculate the square
footage per pupil.
Mr. Selz asked what the possibility was of having a comparison of the price of the Rustburg
school and the Bedford school to our proposed school. He would like to know what is making
our price so much higher than the two schools being built now. Is it possible that we can have a
comparison of what is making our cost so much higher than other schools being built and what
we are doing differently from those other schools.
Mr. Moje explained that we need to recognize that our proposed school is much larger than either
of the schools cited by Mr. Selz.
Some discussion occurred regarding how the comparison should be done. Should it reflect
square footage, the increase in cost since others schools have been started, or the increase in cost
per student. Focus of the discussion was to provide a comparative number so that citizens can see
just why our cost is higher than the other schools being built.
There was some discussion regarding the Rustburg Elementary School and the cost differences.
Also discussed was the need and prudence of a 5% contingency for the project. The ability of the
schools design to also meet future needs of the school system with regards to future educational
demands was also discussed. Mr. Moje stated that the current design allowed for changes.
At 6:50 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adjourn meeting until July
20, 2000 at 6:00 p.m. This will be prior to the regular School Board meeting.
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Kendrick aye; Mr. Hancock, aye.
Russell H. Moore, Chai [Mornrman