649
Mr. Paulette informed the other Board of Supervisor members that
request for proposals for health insurance have been mailed out.
Further information will be provided as it becomes available.
Mr. Paulette brought the Boards attention to information provided on
E911.
After a lengthy discussion and by consensus, the Board agreed to review
the information provided and discuss this further at the July 1995
meeting.
Mr. Paulette then presented the final draft of the FY96 proposed budget
and revenue estimate.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to adopt the FY96 budget and revenue estimate as presented. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
(Copy of Budget and Revenue on file in the June 1995 Board File.)
Mr. Paulette next asked the other Board members if they were prepared
to make a decision concerning continued participation in the Blue Ridge
Regional Jail.
Mr. Carwile began by pointing out various concerns that he had with the
service agreement. He continued by saying there were too many
unanswered questions and entirely too many unknowns. Mr. Carwile
stated he had been opposed to participation in the Regional Jail from
the beginning and had not been provided with any information that had
caused him to change his opinion.
Mr. Moore began by saying he had approached the Regional Jail Concept
with an open mind. He continued that he had studied the materials
provided and that whatever his vote, it would be based on his research
and not outside pressure.
Mrs. Beasley said that she agreed with Mr. Moore’s statements. She
continued by saying she did not feel that crime would decrease and
hoped the best decision for the County would be reached tonight.
Mr. Torrence began by asking the other Board members to look back over
the past ten (10) years at some of the opportunities that other Boards
had let pass. Mr. Torrence gave several examples and stated that these
decisions had proven to be mistakes. Mr. Torrence urged the other
Board members to have some foresight and to prepare Appomattox County
to face it’s inmate housing problems for many years to come.
Mr. Paulette stated that he had done research on the figures he had
been given concerning jail costs, and he was not in favor of expanding
our local jail and adding that burden on the County taxpayers. Mr.
Paulette continued by adding that his decision was based on economics
and the fact that nothing was concrete, at this point. Mr. Paulette
stated that jails were a dead expense.