497
Mr. Tanner complimented Ms. Henderson and her staff on a job well done.
Chairman Conrad also commended Ms. Henderson on a job well done.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Roofing contract for Carver Price
Educational Complex and gave a brief explanation of the request. Chairman Conrad stated that
staff is recommending entering into a contract with John T. Morgan to re-roof both the remainder
of the third grade wing and the auditorium at a total bid cost of $99,483.
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the bid of John T. Morgan with a bid price of $99,483, Mr.
Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none; he
called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — Proclamation for Central Virginia
Community Services Board and explained that they would be celebrating 40 years of service to
citizens of Appomattox County and surrounding counties on April 22, 2009. They are requesting
that the Board adopt a proclamation acknowledging their service over the last 40 years,
Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending adopting the proclamation and then called
for discussion.
PROCLAMATION
CENTRAL VIRGINIA COMMUNITY SERVICES
40TM ANNIVERSARY
Whereas, the Central Virginia Community Services has faithfully served the counties of Amherst, Appomattox,
Bedford ad Campbell and the cities of Lynchburg and Bedford, for 40 years, providing quality behavioral health
services to thousands of residents of all ages; and
Whereas, the mission of Central Virginia Community Services is to “support and promote the health, independence
and self-worth of individuals and families in Central Virginia by providing a continuum of community-based
prevention, early intervention, aftercare and psychosocial rehabilitation services for persons affected by mental
illness, intellectual disability, substance use and co-occurring disorders; and
Whereas, Central Virginia Community Services was established on April 18, 1969, employing a staff of five with a
budget of $18,350.00 initially providing services for the treatment of mental illnesses and intellectual disabilities;
and
Whereas, during the past year, over 650 Central Virginia Community Services’ staff members provided services to
7,603 individuals experiencing problems with mental illness, substance abuse and intellectual disabilities, CVCS
programs are provided at 23 sites throughout the Region 2000 area; and
Whereas, Central Virginia Community Services continues to provide programs and services to children,
adolescents, adults and their families, including emergency services, assessment services, psychiatric evaluation and
medication management, crisis intervention, crisis stabilization residential services, detoxification, nine group
homes, day treatment services, assertive community treatment services, intensive in home services, psychosocial
rehabilitation services, mental health supports, early intervention services, case management, outpatient counseling
services, and prevention programs; and
Whereas, Central Virginia Community Services’ staff seeks to provide services in a manner that preserves the
independence, dignity, choice and privacy of those individuals assisted; and