311
Tobacco Indemnification Commission. They have done an excellent job advocating for
Appomattox County. Mr. Watkins thanked the County for their work on this project.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak. No one else came forward.
Mr. Carter called for the next item on the Agenda.
Ms. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Court and Mr. Hal Craddock, Craddock-
Cunningham Architectural Partners had requested permission to address the Board
concerning the courthouse project.
Ms. Williams stated she was representing the Courthouse Committee. (Mr. Craddock was
not present but had written his comments to the Board). The Courthouse Committee has
met and is in the process of building a new building which is approximately 6-1/2 feet
from the present building. We realize the two buildings are not to be connected based on
the court order. The Courthouse Committee would like to pursue this a little more and
see if they can get these two buildings connected. If this is to be done, there is no better
time than now. If we can connect the two, it will save us money down the road.
Ms. Williams has prepared a list of recommendations the Committee would like to
pursue regarding repairs to the current Courthouse as part of an attachment to the new
Courthouse. These include: a new roof, removal of the brick pavers, leveling the porch
and replacing the brick pavers. They also recommend removing the aluminum crown
from the cornices and windows, repair and repaint. The cupola also needs some repairs.
They would like to replace all the shutters to match the new building and repair the stone
column bases on the porch. Also the front side walk needs to be raised to reduce the 4
inch rise on the bottom step. Also any other repairs or replacements the Board wishes to
add to this list to be presented for the judge’s approval.
Ms. Williams is asking the Board to make a motion to have these additions submitted to
the judge for approval and to amend the Court’s order.
Ms. Williams also presented plans that would connect the two buildings. They would
connect by glass on either side and change the public entrance slightly. It would have a
two story effect and allow handicap access to both buildings via elevator. There may be
a few security issues but the Committee feels they can be overcome. The current building
would be excellent for Board meetings, with rooms on either side for closed sessions, and
other meetings.
Estimated costs for these recommended changes would be approximately $160,000 to
$170,000.
After some discussion regarding the old jail, some upgrading of the interior of the old
building, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to repair the seven (7)
items suggested by the Courthouse Committee: 1) Install new roof; 2) Remove brick
pavers on front porch, pour new concrete sub-floor and re-lay brick pavers; 3) Remove