164
discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
appoint the following Physicians to an approved panel:
1. Appomattox Family Practice Center
2. Appomattox Urgent Care Plus
3. Larry F. Smith, M.D.
4. James E. Foster, Orthopedic doctor
5. H. Davis Von Oesen, Orthopedic doctor
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board a quote from Central Virginia
Communications to install sound amplification equiment at the
Courthouse has been received. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to purchase the proposed system and to
appropriate $1,896.00 from unappropriatecl surplus to pay for the
equipment and labor to install. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board of a request from Mr. Michael
Andrusky for the County to enact legislation to prohibit hunting within
the ditches of highways in Appomattox County. After discussion, the
Board decided to take no action.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board of a request from the Treasurer to
refund County automobile sticker fees to two Rescue Squad members.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
refund $50.00 to R. Keith Coleman and $50.00 to Terry L. Trent. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Rice to present the recommendations from
the Planning Commission which met last April 6, 1993. After hearing
the recommendations and discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded
by Mrs. Beasley to accept the Planning Commission’s recommendation and
approved a Conditional Use Permit for Mr. Timothy A. McFadden to
operate a home business in an existing accessory building (Application
93-192). Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye,
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Planning
Commission’s recommendation to deny Mr. Jeff Carwile a Conditional
Zoning Permit to replace a burned dwelling with a mobile home
(Application 93- 193) . However, the current owner shall be permitted to
rebuild the home using similar or improved construction methods and
materials. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
abstained; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider several budget line item
transfer requests. After consideration and discussion Mrs. Beasley
made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the following line
item transfers:
Fire Department ~$200.00 from 3202-5405 and $95.11 from
3202-5401. to 3202-5102