156
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to run an
ad in the local paper to try to generate interest in the committees that require
appointments.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that he had been serving as Emergency Services Director for
the County and considering the Y2K situation he felt this position should be filled prior
to the January meeting.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Mr.
Carter as Emergency Services Director for the County effective immediately. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Board was being forced to reconsider their position
as to who they will partner with for job training. Mr. Bosiger explained that under the
new Workforce Investment Act the County had chosen to remain with the Private
Industry Council and now it appears that is not an option. Mr. Bosiger continued that the
Region 2000 area had formed a group spearheaded by the Lynchburg Chamber of
Commerce and that the South Central Region had also formed a group and that we had
been invited to participate with either group we chose. Mr. Bosiger also explained that
we could choose a group and still be placed in the other group by the Governor.
Discussion followed as to the pros and cons for participation with each group.
After discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that Appomattox
County join with the counties of Prince Edward, Charlotte, Amelia, Buckingham,
Lunenburg, Nottoway, Mecklenburg, Cumberland, Halifax, and Brunswick under the
Workforce Investment Act to provide employment training for our citizens and in so
doing adopt the following resolution:
Authorizing County Board Chairperson to execute a joint agreement between the
Counties of Amelia, Appomattox, Brunswick, Buckingham, Charlotte, Cumberland,
Halifax, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, Nottoway, and Prince Edward in the workforce
investment area to form a Consortium under the federal Workforce Investment Act
WHEREAS, the Congress of the United States adopted Public Law 105-220, the
Workforce Investment Act, to replace the Job Training Partnership Act (JTPA); and
WHEREAS, the purpose of this Act is to: streamline services through a One Stop
service delivery, empower individuals through information and access to training
resources, provide universal access to core services, increase accountability for results,
ensure a strong role for Local Boards and the private sector in the workforce investment
system, facilitate State and local flexibility and improve youth programs;