114
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on May 22, 1996 at 5:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse
District Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting at 5:00 p.m. and stated an
executive session was in order to discuss a legal and personnel matter
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 5:07 p.m. to discuss a legal and personnel
matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 7:30 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedon
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the Auditor Selection Committee’s recommendation
for Board approval.