415
Mr. Carter: There was one thing that stuck in his craw at the last joint meeting of the
Board and Town Council from the Region 2000 report, it was settled upon that we would
adopt Alternative 2A or 2B , something that would reflect this in very simple terms.
50% of the usage of the Town wells would be used, supplemented by the 460 water
line. This report does not have that and this threw him into left field. The reason why it
threw him into left field, was simply because he had been broadcasting this was golden
opportunity for Appomattox to move forward and along with that to think of it in terms
of an insurance policy. If a town well dries up, you have the 460 water line. The flip
side of the coin is that if something were to happen up west, the town would still have
50% of its water and you don’t have all your eggs in one basket. He is not hearing this
now, and this gives him a problem. Is this still negotiable?
Mr. Spiggle: What happened in the last joint meeting and if he must say, it was the
worst meeting he ever attended. There was a very poor presentation. He is not sure if
the person was not ready with the presentation, or properly acclimated to what he was
talking about, he is not sure exactly sure what. You do not stand up before a group of
people and say you left your books in the car and could not answer the questions. He
feels that the nuts and bolts can be adjusted.
Ms. Ferguson: Part of the discussion was: 1) Buying enough water to keep the lines
flowing so it would not become stagnate; and 2) the cost of treatment on these wells.
If you combine all that with buying the water from Campbell County, it may make the
cost of water so high, that it really does not make any sense to do that. She does not
think any body made any formal decision one way or the other. There were some
things discussed at that meeting and none of this is written in stone. This is what
Campbell County Utility Services is saying today but when you set down at the table and
start working with them, who knows what kind of an agreement you could come up
with.
Mr. Spiggle: He has been asked many questions at various meetings. One lady even
asked why they wanted her well and why did she have to connect to the water line.
The problem is misinformation. Most do not understand that the users will be paying for
this waterline. In his opinion, Cannon Oaks, should never have been allowed to drill
wells. There should have been something worked out between the County and the
Town and developer. We have more developments coming on and every time they drill
one of these wells, they hit one of those little fractures that Mr. Slagle talked about, and
these fractures will not last forever. You will then have a situation like that of
Meadowlark Sub-division where all the septic systems failed. This was unacceptable.
We need some way to work together, if not through a PSA, then through a mutual
agreement or something that on the edges of where this is, something has to be worked
out down here to insure that these areas come under public water rather than under
wells.
Mr. Hancock: One other thing that jumped out at him was Campbell County is getting
ready to spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $3.7 million to get water to Concord
and we had talked about just another little higher than that, to get water to