087
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Lindsey next reviewed the status of abandoning 0.67 miles
of and at the end of Route 721. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Route 721 from 0.03 mile west of the
intersection of Route 671 to the dead end of Route
721 provides access to only one property owner, and
WHEREAS, The only property owner has requested the
aforementioned section of Route 721 be abandoned,
and
WHEREAS, In accordance with Section 33.1-151 of the Code
of Virginia posted a notice of intention to abandon
Route 721, 0.03 mile west of the intersection of
Route 671 to the dead end of Route 721, three (3)
days before the first day of a regular term of the
Circuit Court at the front door of the Appomattox
County Courthouse and published in a newspaper of
general circulation in the county for two
successive weeks and a copy of said notice provided
to the State Highway Commission, and
WHEREAS, No inquiries or petitions for a hearing have
been received.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, That this portion of
Secondary Route 721, having a total length of 0.67
mile be abandoned as a public road pursuant to
Section 33.1-151 of the Code of Virginia of 1950,
as amended.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused
Ms. Lindsey and called the Commissioner of Revenue, Mr. Monty
Mays.
Mr. Mays reviewed in detail the possibility of prorating
personal property taxes and explained its implications. Mr.
Mays said he felt it soon would be necessary to prorate taxes
because all Cities in Virginia and some of the Counties
including Bedford County have already adopted this method of
taxation. Proration assesses taxes to property on the date
the the property is obtained instead of at the beginning of
the next tax year (January 1) which is the current method.
Mr. Mays said proration was probably a more fair method
Mr. Mays also discussed the implications of converting to
twice a year tax billings in June and December instead of
once a year in December. Mr. Mays felt this might be of
advantage to some especially those living on fixed incomes
because they would not be faced with their entire tax bill at
Christmas time.