200
Judge Blanton concerning the Courthouse issue. Mr. Drinkard stated that Judge Blanton had told
him that he could not understand why the Board had not decided to build a new courthouse
especially when the figures for renovation versus new had been provided by the architect. Mr.
Drinkard stated that there were hidden costs in renovation and pointed to the increased and
unexpected costs associated with the renovation of Bedford County’s Courthouse. Mr. Drinkard
stated that Judge Blanton told him that he was greatly in favor of a new courthouse versus an old
one because of the disturbances involved with renovating.
Mr. Drinkard continued that the Board had been approached some time ago about placing the
Courthouse on the State and National Registry of Historic Landmarks. Mr. Drinkard stated that
he felt that this should still be done and that the Historical Society could use the front of the
Courthouse and that the County could have the whole back part to use. If a new one was built
across the road, then you would have at least 75-80 years of use a s opposed to 15 years with a
renovation. Mr. Drinkard also stated that the Judge had told him that if the Board decided to
build a new Courthouse that he would give the Board a little bit more time because it would
reduce the disturbances that renovation would cause.
Mr. Drinkard also stated that the Historical Society would like to fly the Confederate Flag on
Saturday, March 25" when it was celebrating the Town of Appomattox’s 75" Anniversary.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Drinkard if he was appearing on behalf of the Historical Society or as a
citizen. Mr. Drinkard stated that he was a member of the Historic Society, but that he was
appearing as a concerned citizen.
Mr. Kendrick then stated to Mr. Drinkard that March 25" had not been one of the dates approved
for flying the Confederate Flag. Mr. Drinkard agreed, but ask that the Board allow it for this
additional day. Mr. Carter asked if he was aware of the letter from Judge Blanton that was
attached to the additional items. Mr. Drinkard stated that he was not aware of the letter. The
Board had no further questions for Mr. Drinkard. Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Drinkard for his
comments and excused him.
Mr. Moore then stated that Mr. Carwile was next on the agenda. Mr. Carwile left his
Supervisors seat and stood in front of the other Board members. Mr. Carwile thanked the
Chairman. Mr. Carwile stated that he had listened to Mr. Drinkard’s comments and that he had
also wanted to address the Board regarding this issue. Mr. Carwile stated that he was deeply
concerned with what was best for the citizens of the County and all the many different projects
that were facing the current Board that had been passed on by the past Board. Mr. Carwile
expressed his concern that the two new Board members had no input into this decision, but now
they were being held accountable for the decision.
Mr. Carwile further stated that the new Board members should be involved with this decision and
that he understood that everything was in the works to proceed with renovation, but that his
understanding was that it had not reached a point were it could not be reconsidered. Mr. Carwile
stated that he was concerned with what was the best thing for all the tax payers. Mr. Carwile