037
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the petitioner. Hearing no
response, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from those opposing the
petition. Hearing no response, Mr. Torrence asked to hear
from those favoring the petition. Hearing no response, Mr.
Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-173 of Fred and Sissy Gibbs for
a Conditional Use Permit to install a grill and sell hot
foods in an existing building used as the Gibb’s residence.
The property is located on Business Route 460 between Route
T-1102 and Route 47.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the petitioner. Mrs. Gibbs
spoke and presented a petition signed by seventy-one (71)
people favoring the issuance of a health permit to allow
Sissy Gibbs to prepare food for take-out. The petition is
attached as Appendix A to this recording of the proceedings.
Mrs. Gibbs continued by explaining she already has a grill
and had been using it until the Health Department asked her
to stop because the grill was not properly vented. Mrs.
Gibbs further explained her and her husband’s social security
incomes was meager and she needed the income from the food
business for supplement. Also, Mrs Gibbs’ pointed out all
other violations noted by the Health Department has been
corrected, but she could not afford the automatic fan and
fire extinguishing "hood" required for the grill.
Mr. Torrence asked if there were any other comments. Hearing
none Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next and
last petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-174 of Gary A. and Thea Gilliam
requesting a variance to paragraph 906.04 of the Appomattox
County Zoning Ordinance pertaining to side yard set back.
The Gilliam’s property is located on Route 642 between Route
727 and the dead end and is zoned R-1.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the petitioner. Mr. Gilliam
spoke explaining he planned to develop the lot as best he
can. The proposed garage is to be an attractive addition to
the property. He further explained their lot was a
non-conforming lot only 102’ more or less wide. This makes
it impossible to build the garage next to the house and
maintain a 15’ side yard setback. Mr. Gilliam has explained
this to is neighbors, Ed and Wendy Harrup, who do not object
to the less than 15’ setback.
Being no further comments, Mr. Torrence declared the Public
Hearing closed at 7:35 P.M.
Vice Chairman
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting