232
3. Should the multi-contract user be serving as the project manager, provide updates
as to the status of the work being performed.
4. Participate in a post contract review of the consultant and the services rendered.
2: Advise the Regional Commission prior to contact being made with any of the pre-
qualified firms to discuss the desired services needed.
6. Ensure that any arrangements/agreements made outside of the original multi-user
contract be communicated to the Regional Commission.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. WORKFORCE INVESTMENT BOARD: The Board on October 28, 2002
requested staff to investigate the possibility of joining the Region 2000 Workforce
Investment Board. The County is currently served by the South Central
Workforce Investment B oard. H owever, itis the feeling of the Board that the
County has stronger relationships in the Region 2000 area. Staff recommends
that the Board adopt the Workforce Investment Board Resolution requesting
admittance into the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board beginning July 1,
2003 and notify the South Central Workforce Investment Board of its intention to
make this change.
Mr. Carter stated that when we ventured into this several years ago, it seemed the best
way to go. We have now determined that most of our activities are west bound instead of
south or east and we have a lot of other activities that are going on in the Region 2000
locality. This is the basis for making this change.
Mr. Moore also stated that at the time we entered into the agreement with South Central,
Region 2000 had not organized.
Mr. Carwile stated that we appreciate the services we have received from South Central
over the years.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Hancock that the Board adopt the
following resolution:
Workforce Investment Board Resolution
Whereas, Appomattox County is a member of the South Central Workforce Investment
Board and the citizens of Appomattox have been well served by its participation in this
organization; and
Whereas, Appomattox County is also a member of the Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership, the Region 2000 Regional Commission, and is closely tied
economically to the localities within the geographic region commonly referred to as
Region 2000, and
Whereas, the purpose of the Workforce Investment Board is to enhance the skills of
citizens so they can acquire, retain, and enhance employment opportunities that in turn