635
wanted to express to the Board. Mr. Puckett stated that he did not feel that a decision of
this magnitude was properly decided by the Board. Mr. Puckett continued that he felt
this issue would be better addressed through a referendum. Mr. Puckett stated that this
would give the citizens a voice.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Otho W. Martin to come forward.
Mr. Martin came forward and gave his address as Route 3 Box 305, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Martin began that he believed this to be one of the hardest things that he
had had to do. Mr. Martin stated that he felt that he should have something to say about
this court issue. Mr. Martin continued that after reading the Times-Virginian on March
17, 1999, he stated that he was wondering why there was going to be a public hearing.
Mr. Martin stated that according to the paper Mr. Carwile had made a motion to build a
new Courthouse. Mr. Martin also stated that according to the paper the four other
members disagreed. Mr. Martin stated that he thought the idea of a public forum was to
give the citizens input and then for the Board to make a decision. Mr. Martin stated that
he felt we needed a new courthouse for now and for the future. Mr. Martin stated that he
understood that the front entrance to the Courthouse would not be used and his fear was
that we would be known as a back door courthouse. Mr. Martin made comments on the
cost of the industrial park and stated that if we could afford those cost we could afford a
new courthouse. In closing Mr. Martin stated that it appeared that the other members of
the Board were ganging up on Mr. Carwile since very often the vote was four to one. Mr.
Martin continued that the Board needed to build a new courthouse and fix the roof,
cupola, and install an elevator in the present building.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Evans Thomas to come forward.
Mr. Thomas gave his address as P. O. Box 673, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Thomas
stated that he lives at Rose Bower on Route 24. Mr. Thomas stated that it was a pleasure
for him to be able to speak to the Board about something near and dear to his heart, since
this is where he makes his living. Mr. Thomas continued that he was a little biased in
that whatever the Board did was good for him. Mr. Thomas stated that whether it was
renovate this building or build a new one, both plans would meet what the members of
the bar need. Mr. Thomas said that as a taxpayer he had grave concerns with both
options because both of them cost money. Mr. Thomas continued that the difference
between the two was that one required more money up front, and the other was more
money over time. Mr. Thomas stated that even if we built new something would still
have to be done with the present building. Mr. Thomas pointed out that the roof leaks,
the paint is chipping from the ceiling, etc. Mr. Thomas said that last he would like to
speak about the historical value of the present courthouse. Mr. Thomas stated that he was
a history buff and that this was a wonderful courthouse but this was not THE historical
courthouse of Appomattox. Mr. Thomas continued that this was not the natural state that
this courthouse was in 1897. Mr. Thomas stated that the pictures that hung on the walls
were not here in 1897 and he felt that the pictures could be moved to any courtroom that
the Board decided to build. Mr. Thomas stated that if we were going to restore this
building to the architecture that it once was it would mean eliminating some of the side