350
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia, that it respectfully request the Governor, the members of the Virginia
State Senate and the members of the Virginia House of Delegates to return adequate
funding through and beyond the above mentioned budget period for continued operation
of Piedmont Geriatric Hospital so that the special needs of the Commonwealth’s elderly
citizens with mental illness may be guaranteed. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded the Board that Legislative Day was scheduled for February 5,
1998.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay for any Board member who
wished to attend Legislative Day. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger stated an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal and personnel matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:55 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal and personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 10:55 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore, the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.