295
§170-37(A)(1) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located
at the corner of U.S. 460 West and Rt.613, Tax Map #63(A)3 and 4. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Zoning Ordinance Amendment — Mobile Homes as Accessory
Buildings: The Planning Commission has submitted its recommendation
concerning the proposed amendment to §170-82 Accessory and
Temporary Buildings. The Planning Commission has also offered to meet
with the Board to discuss this issue should the Board have any concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated this proposed amendment has been before the Board on
several occasions and it appears that the Planning Commission is not listening to
what the Board is saying regarding these changes. The Board has no quarrel with
these being in A-1 and B-1. This present recommendation is just short of being
dogmatic with the Board as to what they want to do. He feels we should protect
the people who are in R-1, R-2 and V-1, but he feels they should be allowed in the
rural and agricultural areas. We are just stepping on citizens toes and getting too
much government on the people and he cannot and will not support this
ordinance.
The Board by consensus agreed to set up a meeting with the Planning
Commission on June 16, 2003.
4. Courthouse/Refinancing Resolution: Counsel had prepared the
resolution regarding the financing of the courthouse and refinancing of the
1998 IDA bond for consideration and adoption.
Mr. Carroll stated there were two (2) changes to be made in the wording to this
resolution as presented: page 1, article (e) “Wells Fargo” should be changed to
“SunTrust” and page 2, item 3, amount not to exceed “$5,290,000” should read
“$5,288,000”. These changes are both advantageous to the County.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the resolution as
presented with amendments. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes).
RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF THE
COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors (the “Board of Supervisors”) of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia (the “County”) on May 15, 2003 adopted its resolution (the “Authorizing
Resolution”) to request the Industrial Development Authority of the County of Appomattox,
Virginia (the “Authority”) to issue, offer and sell its lease revenue note or bond to finance the
acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project (defined in the
Authorizing Resolution) and to issue, offer and sell its lease revenue note or bond to refund the
outstanding amount of the Authority’s Capital Improvements Lease Revenue Bonds, Series 1998
(the “1998 Bonds”), the proceeds of which 1998 Bonds were utilized to finance various capital