208
the Board. Speakers should clearly state their name and address, Speakers may notspeak on any subject on the Public Hearing Calendar for the day. No individual citizenshall be permitted to address the Board for more than three (3) minutes. Mr. Carterthen called the first speaker.
Ms. Pat Torrence, Route 2, Appomattox, VA. Ms. Torrence is expressing herdispleasure of the Solid Waste Transfer Station to be located in Concord, Va. Ms.Torrence has given Ms. Ferguson a document in which she had listed several of herconcerns. She stated that she feels like a lot of people in New Orleans, we have amajor disaster in the County. She is not here to finger point at anyone, we are allequally to blame as the Board, in the poor decisions made concerning certainpossibilities in Appomattox. She does not have all the answers but she does have some
suggestions. The posting of Public Hearing notices should be given some additionalattention. Approximately 5% of the residents in the area subscribes to the Appomattox
and Lynchburg newspapers — that leaves 95% that have no idea of these hearings. Shefeels there are other avenues for getting this information to the public — postings in theLibrary, Grocery Stores, etc. She feels there are ample concerns and ample willingnessto help out in anyway they can to rid our County of such mess. The citizens of Concordand the Citizens of Appomattox beg you to serve the best interest of all it’s citizenry andforever remove transfer garbage sites.
Dennis Torrence, Route 2, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Torrence began by stating heappreciates what the Board does. In 1988 there was a request to place a garbage
dump in the County. With approximately 5,500 signatures on a petition against thisfacility, the County pretty well decided that the citizens did not want a garbage dump oranybody's garbage, trash or anything. We did not want anything that smelled bad.From what he heard at last Wednesday's meeting, they offered to take all of our trashfree. This is not exactly true. He feels with the 12 acres and the potential of acquiringtwo additional tracts, they will have the capacity to exceed the 1000 tons per day. If wehave a transfer station that looks like a garbage dump, smells like a garbage dump, itprobably is a garbage dump. He would like for someone to tell him what the citizens ofAppomattox will benefit from this transfer station.
Mr. Frank Metz, 111 Stonewall Road, Concord, Va. Mr. Metz cannot see thebenefit of having this transfer station located on Concord. He does feel it is safe tohave all those trucks passing through the village of Concord each day. He also feelsthere is a big communications problem. He was told by his board representative lastOctober that this would be a clean re-cycle cardboard facility. He is very disappointed inthe decision made by this Board and by his representative.
Mr. Wayne Addie, Route 2, Concord, Va. Mr. Addie stated he moved from a dumpto get in the country so he would not have to put up with landfill which Lynchburg put in
his front yard, and you can believe him, it did smell. This facility will not be good for thecommunity. Property values will decrease and it will just be a bad thing.
Mr. Carter closed the Public Comments Period and called Mr. Danny Jobe — NESBE
Cable to address the Board.