488
received a letter from Dr. Gately, Central Virginia Health District, stating that this water line is
needed.
There was discussion on whether the Board should approach local legislators to discuss this
project.
Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Roark answered questions from the Board.
Mr. Conrad asked what the county is competing against to get these stimulus funds. Mr.
Dickerson stated that the stimulus is 21 million dollars and have certain criteria that would need
to be satisfied, such as green projects. Mr. Dickerson stated that they want to see innovation.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he is working with a County that actually ran out of water for several
weeks and they will be given special emergency funds from Community Development Block
Grants that Appomattox would not be able to receive. Mr. Dickerson stated that there are going
to be all kind of projects from every direction competing for this stimulus money.
Mr. Dickerson stated that there are no guarantees that we will receive any funds and they were
told this in the meeting that he attended.
Ms. Ferguson ask Mr. Dickerson to bring to the Board the information that he provided during
the interview process and let the Board review this before we start sending surveys to other
locations to see what interest we have. It is possible this information will give some insight on
where we should begin.
Chairman Conrad stated that maybe some board members need to take a trip to Richmond to talk
with legislators.
It was the consensus of the Board to change the resolution of support from the 3.5 million to 4
million.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to amend the resolution of support from 3.5 million to 4 million. Mr.
Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Mr. Craft asked if that would cover the tank that would
go in Spout Spring. Mr. Dickerson stated that it would cover the tank. Chairman Conrad called
for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Mr. Roark stated that there would possibly be information that would be provided at many of the
Board meetings for approval and also things that may need to be acted upon in a very quick
manner.
Mr. Roark stated that the Board needs to have the administrative infrastructure in place so that
we are ready to go.
Ms. Ferguson stated that at this time Mr. Roark is really tied down with water line and the Board
will need to have someone in place so that it can relieve some of the pressure off Mr. Roark.