119
the purpose of legal consultation per §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of Virginia. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 8:42 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile the Board returned to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter read the following Certifying Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A.7 Of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of legal consultation regarding: Litigation, Commonwealth vs Board of
Supervisors; Aubrey R. Padgett, III vs Board of Supervisors, Freedom of Information Act; and
O’Brien, etal vs Board of Supervisors, Biosolids Regulations.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any motions to be made as a result of the closed meeting.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize the County Attorneys to
prosecute an appeal of the Courthouse litigation and to ratify any actions taken to date in this regard
and otherwise defend the County and protect its interests in both the Circuit Court and the Supreme
Court of Virginia. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carwile, nay.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize the County Attorneys to file an
appeal on the ruling of the General District Court in the Freedom of Information Acct litigation and to
take whatever action necessary to defend the County and the Board of Supervisors. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; and Mr. Carwile, nay.
Mr. Carter called for Supervisors Concerns: There were no concerns expressed.
Mr. Carter reminded the other Board members of the upcoming meetings on Monday, July 29" at
7:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center and also the next regular meeting on Monday,
August 5" at 6:30 p.m. at the Courthouse.
At 8:47 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.