528
Mrs. Ferguson requested the Board of Supervisors adopt a policy on
hanging portraits in County owned buildings.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
to adopt the following policy:
POLICY ON PLACEMENT OF PORTRAITS
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, recognizing the
importance of preserving our County history, has formed the following
policy in reference to portraits donated to the County.
Portraits of local Judges will be displayed in the Circuit
Courtroom.
Local, Federal and State Representatives portraits will be
displayed in the Circuit Courtroom.
Local, Constitutional Officers portraits will be displayed in
their respective offices.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson to close two (2)
container sites since the "super site" at Vera has been opened.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Mr. Peterson
to close the container sites at Hollywood and Liberty Chapel. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, ay
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented appropriation requests from Sheriff
Richardson and Mr. Peterson.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve a
supplemental appropriation to Sheriff Richardson’s budget of $272.75
pay for rape test. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay $105.00 for
dues to the Solid Waste Association of North America for Mr. Peterson).
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$42.91 from the Asset/Forfeiture Account for the month of November
1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence, recessed the meeting until
November 8, 1994 at 1:00 P.M. at the Container site at the intersecti
of route 460 and route 648.
Dope Uf eyes ~ -
Chairman
e;