344
telephone service at the extension office.
Mr. Carroll was instructed to check with the Extension Office as to why this was not in the budget.
The Sheriff's Office is requesting a line item transfer of $10,725.00 from 3103-1003 to 3102-5413.
Lengthy discussion followed as to what this item was for. Mr. Carroll will ask the Sheriff for an
explanation.
The Sheriff's Office is requesting a line item transfer of $3,922.00 from 3102-1003 to 3102-1001
to cover raise as approved by the Compensation Board.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve line item transfer from 3102-1003
to 3102-1001 in the amount of $3,922.00 to cover raise approved by Compensation Board.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock
still out in Planning Commission meeting.
At 7:51 p.m. Mr. Moore called for a short recess.
At 8:37 p.m. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting with all members present.
Mr. Moore called for the next item on the Agenda, Supervisor’s Concerns.
Mr. Carter had a several items of concern:
(1) Telephone bills. Why were we delinquent at times in paying this bill. State and Local
governments used to have some exempt status on some lines being late. At home you get
your bill and you have 15 days to pay it or be charged interest or late charges. With our
County bill, the bill is received in Administration Office, then broken down and sent to each
Department for approval; then posted for payment and approval by Board. This process could
take as long as 15 days or longer. We have only paid late charges on two lines; Clerk, Circuit
Court and Registrar, rest were exempt. No longer will there be an exempt status. The
payment of the telephone bill needs to be rectified, if not, we will be subjected to late
charges. He suggest that we let Mrs. Huddleston check the bills, if any abnormal charges,
refer to Department Head. He thinks we should delegate Mrs. Huddleston to cut the check
for the telephone bill prior to Board Meeting. Policy needs to be written regarding this prior
to new fiscal year.
(2) Charging expenses to the right budget line item. Eliminating line item transfers to some
extent. By consensus, the Board instructed Mr. Carroll to write letter to Department Heads
and Constitutional Officers regarding this issue.
(3) Car insurance. Does this go out to competitive bids. When was the last time this was done?
(4) — Sports Complex: We need to find out the status on the Sports Complex Committee. Are they
meeting regularly and are they getting things done? He has had questions from concerned
citizens. Mr. Carroll will contact the Chairman of this committee and have them report to
the next Board meeting on July 17, 2000.
Mr. Kendrick stated he had received a number of calls regarding cellular towers being placed in the