331
Mr. Paulette explained that Mr. Dickerson was meeting with the Board to explain his
response to several issues relating to the landfill operation. Mr. Paulette then asked Mr.
Dickerson to proceed with his information.
Mr. Dickerson began by saying that Ms. Ferguson had contacted him in regards to
questions raised by the Board on alternate daily cover and baling of solid waste. Mr.
Dickerson, continued that he had written a letter addressing these issued as well as,
providing information on the time involved with the permitting process for a new cell.
Mr. Dickerson explained that since he wrote his letter, he had obtained further
information that made him want to take a closer look at the baling of solid waste.
Mr. Dickerson said he felt the best way to review the issues was to follow them as
outlined in his letter. (Letter on file in December 1997 Board file).
The first issue discussed was the possible use of shredders and balers to process solid
waste for disposal. Mr. Dickerson stated there were very few of this type operation
around especially in this part of the Country. Mr. Dickerson did however find one
operation in Accomack County that he felt was worth pursuing further.
Mr. Dickerson next answered questions concerning the time and cost involved in the
permitting process. Mr. Dickerson explained that if the County continues in the solid
waste business they will have to dig another trench.
A lengthy discussion followed with the Board requesting Mr. Dickerson return at the
January 1998 meeting with a cost for engineering fees for the remainder of FY97 for
beginning the permitting process.
Mr. Dickerson next discussed the idea of using a sand slag by product from Griffin Pipe
Company as an alternate daily cover. In conclusion Mr. Dickerson stated he saw no
benefit to using this by product.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was anything else for Mr. Dickerson.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Dickerson for the information.
Mr. Paulette stated he would like to make a few comments. He continued that he had
enjoyed his tenure on the Board of Supervisors for the past years. Mr. Paulette continued
that even though he would not be serving on the Board, he offered his services to the
County in any way they felt he would be useful.
Mr. Paulette then thanked Ms. Ferguson and the office staff for their hard work and
dedication to the County and for making his job as chairman easier.
Mr. Paulette then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss legal and
personnel matters.