212
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Stratton and called for Supervisor
Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked how the animal control committee was proceeding with
the review of the animal problems in the county?
Mrs. Ferguson explained the committee had been quite active visiting
other facilities and examining problem areas with animal control. Mrs
Ferguson continued that she hoped the committee would be ready with a
report soon.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the landfill information the Board had
requested.
Mrs. Ferguson explained she had asked Mr. Dickerson with Hurt &
Proffitt to attend tonight’s meeting to discuss this issue with the
Board.
Mr. Carwile asked if the Planning Commission had reviewed the Zoning
Ordinance for changes?
Discussion followed!
After discussion, it was agreed to hold a work session on February 18,
1997 at 7:00 p.m. to give direction to the Planning Commission as to
the review of the Subdivision and Zoning Ordinances.
Mr. Paulette asked if it was agreeable to meet with the Electoral Board)
at 7:30 p.m. on the 18th of February 1997, to discuss the possibility
of relocating some of the precincts.
After discussion, it was agreed to meet with the Electoral Board on
February 18, 1997 at 7:30 p.m. to discuss relocating some of the voting)
precincts.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request for convention/education approval
for Mr. Carroll to attend a seminar at Virginia Tech.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve Mr.
Carroll’s expenses be paid to attend a seminar March 23-25. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next invited Mr. Earl Dickerson and Mrs. Tina Carter to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Paulette began by asking Mr. Dickerson if he cared to comment on
the January 8, 1997 landfill inspection by DEQ.
Mr. Dickerson stated he felt there were several areas noted on the
inspection report that he intends to address in a letter to DEQ, with
the Board’s permission.