160
On Tuesday, January 7, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their organizational meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building,
located at 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad ~ Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attomey
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps ~ Administrative Assistant
Mrs. Ferguson, called the organizational meeting of the Board of Supervisors to order at
6:30 p.m. Ms. Ferguson asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the invocation followed by the
Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Ms. Ferguson opened the floor for nominations for Board Chairman for 2008.
Mr. Conrad nominated Mr. William H. Craft for Chairman. Ms. Ferguson called for other
nominations. Hearing no other nominations, Ms. Ferguson called for a motion to close
the nominations. Mr. Tanner made the motion to close nominations for board Chairman.
Ms. Ferguson called for a vote on the motion to appoint Mr. Craft as Chairman of the
Board of Supervisors for 2008. Vote: Mr. Craft, abstain; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Ms. Ferguson turned the meeting over to Chairman Craft.
Chairman Craft called for nominations for Vice-Chairman.
Chairman Craft made a motion to nominate Mr. Conrad for Vice-Chairman of the Board
for 2008.
Chairman Craft called for a second to his motion to nominate Mr. Conrad for Vice-
Chairman for 2008. Mr. Tanner seconded the motion. Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, abstain; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft explained that the board needed to adopt the rules and regulations for the
new year. Last year the Board adopted Roberts Rules of Order Newly Revised for small
Board allowing the Chairman to make and second motions. Mr. Tanner made a motion
to adopt the Robert Rules of Order Newly Revised. Mr. Conrad seconded the motion.
Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.