420
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
ussell H. Moore, Chairman
At 6:00 p.m. on November 20, 2000, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it regularmeeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
ABSENT: Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:02 P.M Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legalissues and Code Section 2. 1-344(A)1 - personnel matters.
At 6:04 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into closed session todiscuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,aye; and Mr. Carwile, aye.
At 6:53 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board ofSupervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;and Mr. Carwile, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meetingthis date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions ofthe Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require acertification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting wasconducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board ofSupervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such