417
Mr. Conrad: He thought they had already established that the most cost effective way
was to use the waterline and leave the wells alone.
Mr. Craft: You all agree that the PSA is the way to go. The only way to manage this.
Mr. Moore: Mr. Slagle, please explain about the PSA. We talk about the PSA but that is
just three letters. What is the operation; Who is involved in it; It it a full time job or
just what is involved in the PSA.
Mr. Lewis: The PSA operates whatever utilities you turn over to it. It would require a
full time director, a Board of Directors appointed by the Town and County, manage a
utility fund where they pay their own way. They set the rates and maintain the system,
expand the system, have people who operate whatever and they would work for the
PSA.
Mr. Spiggle: The Board of Supervisors and the Town Council could be the PSA
members. If you appoint business people and engineers to the PSA, you have taken the
political ream out which isn’t all bad. This is run just like any other business.
Mr. Lewis: The taxpayers that are against the waterline should be reassured with a PSA
because the PSA only has water to sell and they can’t sell it if nobody is buying.
Somebody on the other side of the county is not going to have to pay for this. Most
people think taxes are going to pay for the waterline. The PSA will remove this, it will be
self funding.
Mr. Moore: Today's problem is that nobody wants any change at all. The only thing
they want to change is to reduce taxes.
Mr. Woodridge: Fifty years ago, most people did not want electricity. They thought
lighting was burn their house down. Now, every house in the county has electricity.
Mr. Slagle ask if there were any other questions.
Mr. Carter thanked the IDA for coming to the meeting and for the very informative
presentation.
Mr. Lewis wanted to say something as a citizen, not as an IDA member. You guys have
been elected to “stop the buck”, no matter what anybody else says it is up to you to do
what is best for everybody in the county. The same thing goes for the town. You have
to take the criticism, if that is what it takes to get things done, if it is best for the
community. And the waterline is best for the community.
Mr. Slagle: This thing has been so politicized, so much misinformation has been
presented that it is understandable that there is a lot of confusion out there. We here
are more familiar with the issue than 99% of the folks out in the community. In the end
we have to do the right thing.