197
County pays on salaries what the Compensation Board approves with the exception of
sheriffs department which the County supplements $1000 for each employee.
Ms. Ferguson explained that Ms. Williams, Circuit Court Clerk will be using technology
trust funds to help purchase a large copier by paying the first year. This copier will be
shared by the County Administrator’s office, Commissioner of Revenue and Circuit
Court Clerks office.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the fire program money seems to be increasing each year. This
money is shared with Pamplin and Appomattox.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that tobacco grant funds are $571,401 that can be accessed next
year. Ms. Ferguson stated that this figure is from the $250,000 received this year and we
will not use before the end and an additional $250,000 and $71,000. All of this money
will be used on the CVCC Satellite. Ms. Ferguson also stated that this money would
allow us to fix some of the worst parts of the roof on the hallway from the third grade
wing.
Mr. Carter questioned what had happened with HDH helping with the roof. Ms.
Ferguson stated that HDH will provide the needed roofing materials to fix roof over the
gym, but we need a contractor to do the work. We also had to check with Building
Official to make sure the roof did not have to be completely removed prior to replacing
roof, Mr. Hamlett has made his determination on this. Mr. Hale from HDH is currently
looking for a contractor to put this roof on.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Victim/Witness program is being reduced by the State so
some reductions have been made to her budget.
Ms. Ferguson explained the transfers in revenue to the Board.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needed to go thru the expenditures and try to give the
School Board most of what they have requested.
Ms. Ferguson stated that historically we do not give them anything above what is
required by state,
Mr. Craft questioned if the school had any carryover money. Ms. Ferguson stated they
do not have any carryover money.
Mr. Conrad stated that we are helping them with taking over the debt service. Ms.
Ferguson stated that really it hurt them, because they could juggle some of that money if
needed. Ms. Ferguson stated that the auditors are the ones who made the schoo! turn the
debt service over to the County.
Mr. Conrad stated that he noticed with Dr. Boone’s speech it was a continuous push on
spending money after money on alternative and at risk education.