476
Mr. Shober continued that the building they proposed would be attractive and that any
restoration would take place inside this building. He continued that any equipment would
be approved and used in the proper manner. Mr. Shober asked the Board to grant his
request.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Mr. Melvin Moore came forward and stated that he was president of OPM Property
Limited and that they owned adjoining property to Mr. Shober. Mr. Moore continued
that he was not opposed to this rezoning as long as there would be no junk cars used for
parts stored on this property and as long as the water supply in the area was not
contaminated.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-349 of Piedmont Timber Company to rezone
property from A-1 to B-1. Property is Tax Map Parcel #72-A-5 and part of #60-A-53 and
is located on Route 460 between Route 667 and Route 800.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Jim Burruss came forward and stated that he was one of the partners in Piedmont
Timber Company, which was made up of himself and his three sisters and gave his
address as 301 Oak Street Lane, Lynchburg, Virginia. Mr. Burruss continued that he and
his sisters had been left this property and that after a number of years they have decided
this is a good time to sell part of this property. Mr. Burruss continued that it was on
Route 460 and that there were other businesses in this area and that this would be a good
place to market as business property. Mr. Burruss stated that people interested in
purchasing this property for business purposes had approached him numerous times over
the years and he felt the time was right to sell. Mr. Burruss requested the Board grant his
request.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Mr. Branford Lucado came forward and stated his address as Route 2, Concord, Virginia.
Mr. Lucado continued that he had no objections to the property located on the north side
of Route 460, his concern was with the property located on the south side of Route 460.
Mr. Lucado stated that there were a number of residences in this area and that they did
not want businesses stuck up in front of their homes. Mr. Lucado stated in closing that he
did not feel that this area was an appropriate area for business development.
Mr. Sylvester Watkins spoke next and stated that he lived below Mr. Lucado on Route
609 and that he agreed with Mr. Lucado and was opposed to rezoning the property on the
south side of Route 460.