383
financing. Mr. Smith stated that they are using the state average in order to give their
cost projections. It was also explained that the cost of these projects will reflect three
things, the cost of construction, soft cost that is occurred on every project and a fifteen
percent contingency.
Mr. Smith next provided the cost estimates that have been calculated for each of the key
project issues that have been discussed,
Ms. Jones stated that there needs to be some sort of a joint working committee
established to work on these projects and even if it is decided to not do any type of
renovations at this time, it is important that the maintenance budget needs to be increased.
Ms. Jones stated that it is also vitally important that the community is educated on the
needs of the schools.
Ms. Jones stated that the purpose of this joint committee would be to determine the scope
of work and also to develop a Capital Improvement Plan.
Mr. Smith and Mr. Jones next called for questions from either of the Board’s.
Mr. Perrow thanked the initial committee within the school who worked in helping get
this presentation together.
Dr. Boone stated that he would be glad to give tours of the needed work for each of the
schools if any of the Board members would like to do so.
Dr. Boone thanked the Board of Supervisors for their continued support and then turned
the meeting over to the Chairman of each Board.
Discussion was called for by each Chairman.
Mr. Carter stated that the information that was provided has been needed for years, and
we now have this to work with and he also feels that having two local people working on
this project, he is confident that the prices given are not inflated.
Dr. Boone thanked Mr. Carter for his comments and also thanked Ms. Ferguson for her
continued support.
Mr. Conrad stated that the information in this report is overwhelming and he feels that it
will take of lot of planning to work with this.
Mr. Williams stated that this report is overwhelming and there is going to be priorities
and choices made and we will need to continue to work on this together and make some
decisions on the priority.
There was discussion on the Board of Supervisors and the School Board scheduling a
work session together to work on the CIP projects.