O74
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-181 of Village Square
Associates. Village Square Associates asks to rezone about
4.576 acres from A-1 to R-2. The property is located on
Route 610 between the Campbell County line and Route 670.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. Mr. Gary
Jennings, Partner of Village Square Associates, identified
himself and stated the property could be best used as R-2 and
that R-2 seemed to be an appropriate district judging from
surrounding development. Mr. Jennings said he planned to
subdivide the property and sell residential lots. Mr.
Jennings also noted the property behind his (Paradise Hill)
was subdivided in a similar fashion.
Mr. Jamerson next asked to hear from anyone else concerning
this petition. Mr. Neal Patterson an adjacent property owner
spoke and stated he would like to retain the A-1 zoning
because he was working on his’ property trying to reclaim
farmland.
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone else wished to address petition
92-181. Hearing no response, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell
to read the next petition. Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-182
of Roger L. and Betty M. Almond. Mr. and Mrs. Almond wish to
construct a 12’ x 20’ pole elevated storage shed on their
property which is located in a floodway. The lowest floor
elevation is to be at least one (1) foot above the 100 year
flood and the supports are to be protected by appropriate
structural measures. Their property is located on Route 623
between Route 605 and the dead end of Route 623 and is zoned
FH.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. Mr. Roger
Almond identified himself and stated his property consisted
of 9.7 acres on the James River he used this property to
garden, and that he needed the shed to store his garden
tractor, tools, etc. Further, Mr. Almond stated he hired a
surveyor to determine the 100 year flood elevation which was
only about one (1) foot above ground. Mr. Almond intends the
shed to be built on stilts about five (5) feet high. Mr.
Almond related that during the flood of 1985, the water in
the area where the shed is to be built was fairly still and
not rushing.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Almond where his well and septic system
were located. Mr. Almond replied he had no intentions for a
well or septic system since the shed was only to be used for
storage and the land only used for farming.
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone else wished to address petition
92-181. Hearing no response and being no further petitions
to consider, Mr. Jamerson declared the Public Hearing closed
at 8:24 P.M., but held the Board of Supervisors in session to
consider other business.
Mr. Rice presented a draft resolution for consideration
stating a proposed selection procedure to be followed to
select an insurance agent and insurance company for the