385
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board with information from Freddie Godsey’
Chief Jailer concerning inmate population being held by Appomattox
County and other facilities.
A request from Mr. Peterson to close the container site at Parkview
Mobile Home Park was discussed. After discussion, the Board requested)
that Mr. Peterson talk with Mr. Nash to see if he would agree for the
County to set this site up similar to the site on Route 604.
Mrs. Ferguson next brought back before the Board Mrs. Belter’s request!
for permission to liquidate gifts donated to the athletic complex.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to authorize Mrs.
Belter to liquidate gifts made to the athletic complex. Vote: Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson made a request for a line item transfer to pay Blue Cros
Blue Shield for an employee. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by
Mr. Paulette to approve a line item transfer for $1,419.55 from
1101-2005 to 4302-2005 to cover Blue Cross Blue Shield for one (1)
employee. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Sailor’s Creek Battlefield requested a letter of support for an ISTEA
grant to acquire additional land for the State Park. After discussion
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore for Mrs. Ferguson to
write a letter supporting this grant application for Sailor’s Creek
Battlefield to purchase additional land. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Lawson asked if he could speak with the Board concerning several
matters.
Mr. Lawson first requested that his expenses be paid to attend the
Commonwealth Attorney’s annual convention. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to pay expenses for Mr. Lawson to attend annual
convention. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Lawson’s second request was for permission to have new carpet
installed in his office along with other renovations to his office,
which can be paid from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund.
After a lengthy explanation from Mr. Lawson, Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the renovations requested by Mr.
Lawson, to the Commonwealth Attorney’s Offices. Vote: Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone had further business.
th