022
Supervisor. Mr. Peterson reported the Landfill averaged
thirty-six (36) tons per day in July. Mr. Peterson also
reported on the new Enviromental Protection Agency regulation
concerning the release of refrigerants. Equipment that
typically enters the work stream with the charge intact (air
conditioners, refrigerators, freezers, etc.) is subject to
safe disposal requirements. However, the final person in the
disposal chain is responsible for recovering the
refrigerant. In our case, Mr. Peterson hopes this to be the
scrap metal recycler since we collect and sell for scrap all
air conditioners, refrigerators, freezers, etc. After
discussion, it was decided by consensus to continue our
current practice. If we can find no scrap dealer willing to
accept this equipment with the charge intact, other options
will be considered.
Mr. Peterson then asked the Board to consider creating a full
time position at the Landfill at $6.00 per hour so he would
have a better chance of retaining the services of an employee
currently working on a part time basis. Mr. Peterson
reported this employee was a good worker that would be
difficult to replace. To grant this request would cost
approximately an additional $9,250.00 per year considering
the fringe benefits and the increased salary. A discussion
followed. Mr. Jamerson asked if there was any line item in
the Landfill’s budget that money could be transferred from to
finance this request. Mr. Rice asked for time to review the
budget before answering. Mr. Jdamerson also asked if the
income from the Landfill service was over or under that
projected. Mr. Carwile suggested the facts be gathered and
this request be reconsidered at next month’s Board meeting.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any objection to Mr.
Carwile’s suggestion. Hearing none, Mr. Jamerson declared
the issue would be held over until the September 14, 1992
meeting.
Mr. Peterson then reported on the status of the leachate
collection tanks’ installation. The tanks have been
delivered and work is progressing on forming the footings.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mr. Robert Fox, President of the
Appomattox County Humane Society. Mr. Fox reported he, the
Board of Directors of the Humane Society, and the County
Administrator had met August 6, 1992 to discuss the Agreement
between the County and the Humane Society regarding the
operation of the Animal Shelter. Mr. Fox reported that
because of lack of volunteer support, the Humane Society
could not operate the Shelter as originally planned and asked
to be excused from their responsibilities in accord with
terms of the December 9, 1991 Agreement. Mr. Carwile asked
if the shelter had been inspected by County employees to
compare its condition with that when the Society had assumed
the operation. Mr. Fox explained and Mr. Nix confirmed that
Mr. Nix was at the Shelter daily and had noted no
deficiencies. Mr. Fox also reported some cosmetic
improvements had been made by the Humane Society - painting,
installation of bulletin board, etc. Mr. Fox concluded by
stating the Humane Society would continue to function, but