237
asking for a budget that will give teachers a raise at 5.9 percent. Mr. Conrad stated that
this increase is more than most cost of livings and he proposes as a result of this to let the
School system prioritize the funds they receive, and level fund them.
Mr. Conrad also stated that based on this level funding of school funds we can lower the
tax rate from .49 per 100 to .43 per 100, we could then advertise that we are reducing our
tax rate by one third percent this year.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is not sure what this will do in the long run, but with the gas
increase, state reducing funds, maybe it is time we stop looking like the bad guy.
Mr. Conrad stated that if we have some room to deviate here maybe we should think
about doing this.
Mr. Conrad stated that he would like to discuss this and then Mr. Conrad asked Ms.
Ferguson to explain what impact this would have.
Mr. Conrad stated that he would like the Board to consider his suggestion.
Mr. Tanner stated that this is the worst possible time to levy and increase with everything
else on the rise.
Chairman Craft stated that next year things will change again since we are considering
land use again.
Mr. Conrad stated that a lot of people will not qualify for land use.
Mr. Tanner stated that is his point with land use is the true need or the true farmers we
need to help the other citizens who will have to provide explicit documentation and
records or they will not qualify.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she has made several adjustments since speaking with several
board members last week. Ms. Ferguson stated that she had talked with Mr. Craft about
how to make the salary increase fair for everyone. Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Craft
wanted to know the affect of giving a $1000 across the board increase instead of the
percentage type of increase. Ms. Ferguson stated that this would apply only to employees
paid by the County. Ms. Ferguson stated that after level funding the schools and lowering
tax rate to .43 per 100 the budget shortfall will be $371,157.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the budget will be short 400,000 if we go to .43 per 100 which is
less tax than what you brought in last year. Ms. Ferguson explained that with a tax rate
of .49 per 100 you will not be 330,000 to the good at .43 per 100 you will have a
$371,000 short fall.
Mr. Carter stated that this would remove the CIP Fund money. Ms. Ferguson stated that
there would be no CIP Fund and then you would level fund the school.