343
_~ The organizational meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
January 5, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: Garet K. Bosiger — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
This being the Annual Organizational Meeting, the County Administrator called the
meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. The invocation was given by Supervisor Torrence and
nominations for Chairman of the Board for 1998 were requested. Mr. Carwile nominated
Mr. Bosiger as chairman of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1998. Mr.
Torrence seconded the nomination.
Mr. Torrence moved the nominations be closed. Mr. Moore seconded the motion. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, abstained; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson called for a vote on the nomination of Mr. Bosiger for Chairman. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, abstained; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked the other members of the Board for their confidence and called for
nominations for Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to nominate Mr. Moore for Vice-
Chairman of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for 1998.
Mr. Carter moved the nominations be closed. Mr. Torrence seconded the motion. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, abstained; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a vote on the nomination of Mr. Moore for Vice-Chairman of
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, abstained; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Board needed to adopt Rules of Order; establish
meeting dates, time and place; and give any special instructions to the County
Administrator.