413
Mr. Bosiger called the public hearing to order and explained the purpose of the hearing
was to receive public comment on the proposed FY99 budget. Mr. Bosiger then gave the
procedure for addressing comments.
Mrs. Renee Hoffman came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 370,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Hoffman began by asking the Board of Supervisors to
reinstate the $125,061.00 to the school budget as requested by school administration.
Mrs. Hoffman continued that she supports continuation of the arts programs in the school
system because she feels this is very beneficial to the children. Mrs. Hoffman stated that
she understands that if positions are cut, it will be the art and music positions at the
primary level. Mrs. Hoffman stated that statistics show students with music training
score higher on verbal and math tests. Mrs. Hoffman continued that she felt strongly that
the school system should be looked at as an investment not an expense. Mrs. Hoffman
thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Bosiger next called for other comments.
Mr. John Hoffman came forward and gave his address as Route 5 Box 370, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Hoffman stated that he felt we needed good schools to support business.
Mr. Hoffman continued that when people were looking to relocate, one of the things they
always checked into was the school system. Mr. Hoffman stated in closing that “you get
what you pay for.”
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Bobby Layne came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 3007, Spout
Spring, Virginia. Mr. Layne stated that the Spout Spring Ruritan Club gave several
scholarships to high school seniors this year and that out of the twenty-two students
interviewed for scholarships twenty of them wanted to return to Appomattox after
college. Mr. Layne continued that if we do not get good school systems to attract
business to Appomattox these students are not going to have that opportunity. Mr. Layne
encouraged the Board of Supervisors to consider reinstating funding to the schools.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Gary Thomas came forward and gave his address as 9138 Short Level Road, Gretna,
Virginia. Mr. Thomas stated that he was a native of Appomattox and a teacher in
Pittsylvania County. Mr. Thomas continued that he felt he had information on additional
funding that could help the County fully fund the school system. Mr. Thomas stated that
the Trigon stock may be a way to help keep all teacher positions. Mr. Thomas
encouraged the Board to work with the School Board to educate our children.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Debbie Williams came forward and gave her address as Route 3 Box 423,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Williams stated that if the funding is not reinstated to the
school budget and physical education, music and art were cut it would put more work