635
Mr. Carwile would like to have the ordinance changed so that tradesman
could still be grandfathered in and receive a card that would allow
them to work, not only in Appomattox County, but anywhere in the State.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had contacted Mrs. Charlotte Robinson and
she indicated that if the County had an ordinance in place, our
ordinance would have to be amended to allow tradesmen to be
grandfathered.
After further discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to have Mrs. Ferguson and Mr. Lawson review the ordinance and
develop changes and set the public hearing immediately. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like to have a list of who applies
for this exemption, who gets the exemption and the reason for the
decision.
Mr. Torrence stated that he and Mr. Carwile met with Mr. Billy Trent at
the ballpark and he quoted a price of $1,200.00 to repair the
backstop. Mr. Torrence continued by saying that Mr. Trent could do
this work immediately.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
have Billy Trent repair the backstop at the ballpark for $1,200.00.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence next stated that he would like Mrs. Ferguson to check to
see if Mr. Raymond Dickerson’s, Pamplin Pipe Factory, should be exempt
from real estate taxes, since fe is listed in the Historic Register.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she would check with Mr. Mays, Commissioner
of Revenue on this matter.
Mr. Torrence was also concerned about the cover that Mr. Raymond
Dickerson has erected at his fruit stand that is not in compliance with
the zoning ordinance.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
directed to contact Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, to see what the Board
can do in this matter to help Mr. Dickerson.
Being no further business, Mrs. Beasley en a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until 7:00 P.M. on Wie
ip
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was hel
on April 24, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board Conference Room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.