425
very nice. Mr. Phelps recognized all those individuals and businesses who contributed to
this remodeling project.
Mr. Phelps is continuing to work on a project started by Mr. C. T. Moses — the brass
plaques to be placed in the new courthouse. M r. Phelps is proposing that we build a
World War II statue with a memorial wall instead. He hopes to get this project done for
around $50,000. Mr. Phelps would like to see the Board consider this request and take a
vote tonight.
Some Board members felt the Board should act on this tonight. Others felt it should be
decided by the new Board after they take office, since it will involve the use of taxpayers
money. There was also some discussion regarding raising some funds for this project.
Mr. Carwile made a motion, seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept this presentation and
donate $53,000 to construct this memorial tonight. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, nay, Mr. Kendrick, nay and Mr. Carter, nay. (2 aye votes, 3
nay votes)
Mr. Carter called for a short recess at 8:17 p.m.
Mr. Hancock left the meeting during the recess period.
Mr. Carter reopened the meeting at 8:27 p.m. and continued with the Administrative
Items:
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: Please find Planning Commission
recommendations for Petition 03-531 — Clayton Bryant, Jr. to rezone from A-1
Agricultural to R-1 Residential 162.27 acres located on Route 613 between Route 460
and Route 659 for the purpose of residential development. Tax Map #63(A)3&4.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for reason of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors moves to approve petition 03-531 of Clayton Bryant, Jr.
to rezone a parcel of land located on Route 613 between Route 460 and Route 659 from
A-1 Agricultural to R-1 Residential. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye . (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
3. E-911 Proposed Change Order: We have received a change order to address
the mechanism to name the private roads that were discovered during the structure
identification process. Timmons has provided two approaches for addressing the matter
and has included the cost to perform each. It will be important for these roads to be
named as part of the E-911 process.
Staff recommends that the Board approve the proposed change order using Approach B
and authorize the County Administrator to execute the change order.