025
programs will be eliminated by July 2000. Mr. Bosiger asked the other members of the
Board if they wished to wait to see what VHDA did prior to the County making changes
in this program.
Mr. Bosiger also presented the new contract with VHDA for approval.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board all except from Mr. Carwile who
abstained from discussion, it was agreed to wait to see what VHDA does with the
program prior to the County making changes and to continue with the contract for
another year.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the members of the Board if they would be interested in
producing a quarterly newsletter for Appomattox County.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to proceed with a quarterly
newsletter to the citizens informing them of the activities of the Board.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that at the last meeting Mrs. Ferguson had been asked to
gather information concerning the rental payments made to other meal sites by CVAAA.
Mr. Bosiger presented this information to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger also explained that Mrs. Ferguson had gathered information pertaining to
mowing of the grass at the Community Center and had found that there was no agreement
in place for the Town of Appomattox to provide this service.
Mr. Bosiger then noted that an appointment was necessary from the Pamplin area to the
Community Center Board.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that an appointment would
be made at the July 19, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Carroll to go over the landfill report with the Board.
Mr. Moore joined the meeting.
Mr. Carroll reviewed the landfill inspection report from the May 11, 1999 inspection by
DEQ. Mr. Carroll also gave a status report on the VPDES (storm/surface water)
monitoring events and the Part “A” application review from DEQ.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that a trip to Richmond to
go over the Part “A” application for the landfill would be in order. The trip has been
scheduled for July 1, 1999 with any Board member who wished to attend to notify the
County Administrator.