543.
that certain desirable rural areas may logically be expected to develop residentially, it is
the intent, however, to discourage the random scattering of residential, commercial or
industrial uses in this district.”
In order to comply with our intent, we must increase the minimum lot requirements. I
recommend a 10 acre minimum for lots in areas zoned A-1. To do anything less will
continue to allow the current pattern of randomly placed subdivisions. The purpose of
these subdivisions is clear. They create densely populated area which are the definition
of residential areas. I would further recommend that no subdivisions or mobile home
parks be allowed in areas zoned A-1. To allow such should require a re-zoning to
designated the areas as R-2 residential areas.
Respectfully submitted by Julia C. Austin 11/19/98
Mr. Bosiger then stated that Mrs. Ferguson had received a comment and was asked to
relay it to the Board:
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she had been contacted by Mr. Jerry Harvey of Route 1, Spout
Spring and that Mr. Harvey had stated that he had no problem with the proposed changes
but he was concerned that family members not be held to this change. Mr. Harvey felt
that parents should be able to place additional dwellings on their property for their
children and that children should be able to do the same for elderly parents.
Mr. Bosiger then read the proposed changes to the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance.
One (1) additional single-family dwelling may be permitted on the same lot or parcel of
land as that of the main dwelling, upon application and approval as a Conditional Use per
170-6C herein, provided that:
A. The main dwelling is located in an R-2 General Residential District.
B. The additional dwelling conforms to the minimum lot area, minimum lot width, and
maximum lot coverage and yard requirements for such a dwelling as set forth in
Article XIV herein.
C. The arrangement of such additional dwelling is in such a manner that if the lot or
parcel of land is ever divided, no substandard lot or nonconforming building is
created.
D. The additional dwelling has access to a public street by means of a passageway open
to the sky at least fifteen (15) feet in width.
Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing closed at 7:42 P.M.
U 4
< da AL Tk *) d-4 A~
Garet K. Bosiger, Chai#man