326
On Monday, March 6, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
John K. Spencer, Jr., Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation, after which everyone was invited to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were no items to be added at this time.
Mr. Carter then stated the Board would receive Citizen Public Comments: This time
is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
Ms. Vickie Reagan — Ms. Reagan is concerned that the citizens of Appomattox County
do not have adequate access to the Emergency Medical system. She has been a
resident of the county since 1989 and also a property owner. Within the last couple of
months there was an issue involving one of her neighbors who was down in the floor at
3:00 in the morning with a broken shoulder and no one would respond from the
emergency medical system. No one responded from Concord and the ambulance
service does not open until 8:00 a.m. so there was no help for her. Fortunately, this
lady had family in the area but Ms. Reagan does not. There are many people who do
not have family or relatives in the immediate area who can help them when they need
assistance getting to the hospital. Ms. Reagan stated her purpose for appearing at the
meeting tonight was to encourage the Board to be speedy and make a decision to find
the money or whatever it takes to get the emergency medical services available to each
citizen in this county, immediately when they need it. We have one of the best hospitals
in the country about ten miles down the road, but if you can’t get there, what good does
it do. She would appreciate your making a decision, the right decision, and in some way
of coming up with the money to fund an emergency medical system. She has a security
system in her home which gives her a peace of mind but she has no peace of mind
about the emergency medical system in the County. She would be willing to pay extra
for this peace of mind.