202
Mr. Spencer had some good, exciting news. It appears we may have a visit fromGovernor Warner next month. He is very interested in the Mid-Atlantic Board Bandproject and plans to tentative be in Appomattox County at the Industrial Park onSeptember 21, 2005 from around 10:30 to 12:00 noon. This would be a photo opt withthe Board Band and shovel some dirt. He is also very interested in seeing theAppomattox Center for Business and Commerce. Mr. Spencer is asking the Boardmembers to keep that date open if possible.
2. Landfill — Update on Part B application and Closure of I and RFP -
Hauling:
Ms. Rockefeller updated the Board on the Part B application that was submitted
and was re-submitted in July. DEQ informed her today that this application was
still deemed incomplete because we are lacking a variance that has to be applied
for on the alternate liner design. She contacted Hurt & Proffitt to get an update
on the status of this variance. They basically informed her that they have given
up on DEQ helping them to do the variance and they have contacted their sub-
contractors in Norfolk (HGR) and they are getting a price and a time frame on
how long it would take this company to do the variance for them. She has
informed Hurt & Proffitt to contact her before proceeding with a contract with
the company.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this means the technical review will not start until the
application is complete. This means that all the necessary documents are here, not that
the documents are OK.
There was some question as to whether or not we should stay with Hurt & Proffitt. Ms.
Ferguson explained that the County has issued an RFP for Engineering Services and
have met with some firms and are presently in the process of looking at all of this.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding Hurt & Proffitt and just who was responsible
for expenses incurred with the sub-contractor.
Ms. Ferguson recommended that Hurt & Proffitt be allowed to finish their negotations
and at the September 6, 2005 Board Meeting a recommendation would be made as to
who Appomattox County needs to get for their engineering services. At that time, the
Board could make a decision to hire another engineering firm and/or terminate Hurt &
Proffitt’s contract.
Ms. Rockefeller gave a brief report on the status of Closure Plan I. This plan technically
is not complete.
The Solid Waste Management Plan that was due in July of last year has not been
approved. One of the major reasons is the recycling rate. The State mandates that you
should have a 25% rate. In 2000 we reported 6% and two weeks ago, DEQ approved
our 23%. We are working on getting this recycling rate up. Ms. Rockefeller feels the
approving of the Solid Waste Management Plan is within grasp.