250
Mr. Paulette called for comments concerning this petition.
Joseph Hoffman came forward and stated he lives beside the property
being considered for rezoning and that he is opposed to the rezoning.
Mr. Hoffman continued that he had some questions concerning the use of
the property, etc.
Mr. Paulette advised Mr. Hoffman that he would need to ask specific
questions in the Planning Commission meeting.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 97-314 of Katie E. Hall fora
Conditional Zoning Permit to allow mobile home on one acre lot with
existing dwelling. Property is located on Route 608 between Route 26
and Route 712. Property is zoned A-1 and is Parcel Tax Map #38-A-105
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. & Mrs. Grover Hall and Mrs. Katie Hall came forward and stated that
in 1993 a mobile home was placed on this property in order for someoneto help care for Mrs. Katie Hall. Mrs. Grover Hall stated the only
change to this present condition would be they were changing the mobile
home out for a newer home.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 97-315 of Thomas E. O’Brien and John
A. Masserini to rezone property from M-1 to B-1, and Conditional Use
Permit to allow Sporting Goods Store. Property is located on Route 46between Route 647 and Route 703, and is Parcel Tax Map #62-A-12.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. John Masserini came forward and stated he was at the meeting to
answer any questions that anyone might have.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Ms. Dale Cyrus came forward and stated her property joined Mr.
O’Brien’s property. Ms. Cyrus stated she was not necessarily against
the request but she wanted their joint access widened or Mr. O’Brien to
use a separate access into his business.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Vickie Reagans came forward and stated her property joined the
Property of Mr. O’Brien. Ms. Reagans stated that this was a nice
residential community that was well populated. She also asked the