534
I am writing in reference to the upcoming public hearing regarding a proposed zoning
change to tax map parcel no72(A) railroad right of way, from A-1 to M-1. I would like
to advise you of some of the concerns my family and I have about this property.
Since this property was obtained by Mr. Bobby E. Moore, the residents of Station Lane in
Concord have endured residue from illegal open air sandblasting, unsightly trailers
illegally parked across from our properties, increased traffic on our one lane dead end
road and bothersome noise at all hours from an illegal trucking operation.
Mr. Moore has repeatedly ignored a request from the Appomattox Office of Building and
Housing to cease these operations. It seems that the county of Appomattox is unwilling
to enforce it’s own zoning ordinances, which to my understanding were meant to protect
property owners from this very sort of thing.
Mr. Moore has also ignored an order from an agent of the Environmental Protection
Agency to cease open air sandblasting. This sandblasting operation has caused serious
damage to one residence. With this kind of conduct, what would lead us believe that he
would adhere to the law should he be successful in having this property rezoned?
Mrs. Ferguson, we have a five month old boy, who would someday like to ride a bicycle
or play in his front yard without being concerned about tractor trailer traffic or
developing silicosis from breathing airborne sandblasting residue. I assure you, every
family adjacent to this property is strongly opposed to any zoning change in this area,
most especially an M-1 designation.
Enclosed are some photographs of the New “view” from our front door. I am sure you
will find this view as offensive as we do. Needless to say, we are concerned about what
may happen to the value of our property as well. We feel that an operation such as Mr.
Moore’s belongs in an industrial park or other areas already designated as M-1.
Thank you in advance for your attention in this matter. We would appreciate your
passing on our concerns to the Planning Commission and the Board of Supervisors, and
to the Office of Building and Housing, which has been less than sympathetic to
complaints brought forth by some of our neighbors.
Sincerely,
Gary L. Martin
Monica C. Martin
Grayson S. Martin
Being no further petitions Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing closed at 8:09 P.M.
Fe IC (yon
Garet K. Bosiger, Cha#rman