246
this Plan. Staff is recommending the Board adopt the Resolution Approving the
Comprehensive Plan as presented.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following Resolution:
RESOLUTION TO ADOPT
APPOMATTOX COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT PLAN
WHEREAS, according to §15.2-2223 of the Code of Virginia, “the local planning commission
shall prepare and recommend a comprehensive plan for the physical development of the territory
within its jurisdiction and every governing body shall adopt a comprehensive plan for the territory
under its jurisdiction”; and
WHEREAS, according to §15.2-2230 of the Code of Virginia, “at least once every five years the
comprehensive plan shall be reviewed by the local planning commission to determine whether it
is advisable to amend the plan”; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County currently utilizes the Appomattox Comprehensive Plan
adopted A ugust 5, 1996, and which underwent review and redevelopment b y the A ppomattox
County Joint Planning Commission beginning in 2001; and
WHEREAS, the Planning Commission has developed a revised comprehensive plan, entitled
Appomattox Community Development Plan, to guide the County’s future growth and
development;
AND WHEREAS, in accordance with §15.2-2204 of the Code of Virginia, a joint public hearing
was c onducted by the A ppomattox C ounty B oard of S upervisors, A ppomattox T own C ouncil,
Pamplin Town Council, and the Planning Commission on March 17, 2003, to formally receive
comments on the final draft of the Appomattox Community Development Plan as recommended
to the governing bodies by the Planning Commission.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, in recognition of the importance of properly planning for future growth and ongoing
development of the community, does hereby adopt the Appomattox Community Development
Plan as the official comprehensive plan of Appomattox County.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes, 2 absent)
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
submitted its recommendations regarding Petition #03-516 — John O. Harrison &
C. Douglas Branch — Re-zone property from M-1 Industrial to B-1 Business.
Property is located on US460 between Rt. 613 and Town Limits, Tax Map
#63(A)48 and Petition #03-517 — Harry C. Person, David T. Perkins & H. Curtis
Pearson — Re-zone property from R-1 Residential to B-1 Business with
conditional use permit for a car wash. Property is located on US 460 between Rt.
1045 and Town Limits, Tax Map #63(A)52.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded b y Mr. Carwile to approve for reasons 0 f public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practices Petition #03-516 of