245
Commonwealth Attorney’s budget due to an increase in salary for the secretary. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $241.00 to the rescue
squad budget due to additional funding received from the State. Vote; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appropriate $103.00 to the Library
budget for book replacement fees received. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick; aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr Kendrick to appropriate $565.98 to the Animal
Control budget for reimbursement received from owner for the County taking care of his
livestock in his absence. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $307.84 from the Law
Library Fund for the month of March 2000. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then turned the Board’s attention to the Additional Items for Consideration.
Mr. Moore explained that at a previous meeting the Board had agreed to adopt a resolution of
support for the Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center and that resolution was enclosed for the
Board’s adoption.
Mr. Moore explained that two of the organizations in the County that support the Lighthouse of
Love have expressed to him that they do not feel that the County should be supporting them with
a monetary donation.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and asked if he was speaking of the monetary that was asked of
the County?
Mr. Moore stated that was correct.
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson why this resolution was not put on County stationary?
Mrs. Ferguson explained that what was in the Board Book was only a draft and that it would be
put on County stationary if adopted.
Mr. Moore called for a vote.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the resolution of support for the
Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center as follows: