347
Mr. Carwile stated it had been brought to his attention that on the parcel of land
that the County owns in back of the courthouse adjacent to J. E. Sears that Mr.
Emmett Knight had an operation pouring septic tanks. He has his own trucks etc.,
Mr. Knight stated that Brandon Stidham, under the direction of the County
Administrator, informed him that he had to move this operation. Mr. Carwile
understood that there was some uncertainty regarding the property line and when
Mr. Knight was told to move his operation, he did as he was told and moved his
operation to Lynchburg. It is a shame to loose businesses here when we are trying
to get other businesses to locate in the County.
Mr. Carroll stated that the circumstances were entirely different from those stated
tonight. As Mr. Carroll remembers about two years ago Mr. Knight established
that he was working with J. E. Sears and was pouring the tanks on that property,
Mr. Carroll talked with Al Sears at the time because he was concerned about any
structures that may be built. It was his understanding that Mr. Knight operated his
business until the construction on the courthouse began. Mr. Carroll does not
recollect anything transpiring between Mr. Stidham and Mr. Knight and the
county certainly did not make him move this business. Mr. Moore can attest to
where the property line was located and Sears did have to move some materials
that were located on the county’s property.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board needed to enter into a closed session as per §2.2-3711
A.1 of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter specifically
an appointee of the Board and also salary and organizational structure.
At 8:52 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into a closed
session as per §2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia to discuss a personnel matter — an
appointee of the Board and also salary and organizational Structure. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
At 10:14 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2,2-3711 A.1 — of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter specifically an
appointee of the Board and also salary and organizational structure.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.