573
hoping that they will continue to visit in 2007. The Community Park has three baseball
fields as well as two t-ball fields. The Frisbee disc golf course was also completed in
2006, as was the entrance walls and other activity fields.
The Board then moved to the next item on the Agenda - SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
There were no additional items for discussion.
The next item on the Agenda was CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD: This time
is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
There was no one present who wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then called for discussion on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: On December 18, 2006, the
Planning Commission considered petition CPU06010 -_ Curtis
Morgan/Charles Rose — The applicant is requesting a conditional use permit
on property located on Central Church Road (Route 694) between Red House
Road (Route 727) and Promise Land Road (Route 604) for the purpose of
locating three (3) two-family dwellings on the property. The subject property is
zoned Agricultural District (A-1 and is identified as Tax Map Number 107 (A)14B.
The Planning Commission voted unanimously to recommend denial of this
conditional use permit petition for the following reasons: (1) the petition is not in
alignment with the goals and objectives of the Community Development Plan and
(2) the petition as submitted is not a good zoning practice.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Roark to give the Board more information regarding the denial of
this request. One of the reasons involved transportation. This particular development
would increase traffic by about 50 cars a day on a very narrow road. Also the water
table in the area of this development was not sufficient to serve this number of homes.
Mr. Conrad made the statement that most of the land in this area is zoned agricultural
and one of the reasons for the County developing a land use ordinance is to preserve
our agricultural areas as much as possible.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Planning
Commission’s recommendation that the CPU06010 of Curtis Morgan/Charles Rose
to located three (3) two-family dwellings on Central Church Road (tax map #107(A)14B
be denied for the following reasons: (1) the petition is not in alignment with the goals
and objectives of the Community Development Plan and (2) the petition as submitted is
not a good zoning practice. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
The Board was next asked to approve the CONSENT AGENDA:
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS: