681
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Craft delivered
the invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Chairman Conrad added Administrative
Item #7A- Letter to Governor Kaine. Added under Informational Items was -Item #22A-
Broadband Projects; #22B- Social Services Report; #22C- Sheriff's Office Audit; and item
#22D- Appomattox County Public Schools.
Chairman Conrad next called for public comment, hearing no comments; Chairman Conrad
called on Mr. Tony Casale, with the Department of Criminal Justice Services to come before the
Board to explain the community based corrections program. Mr. Casale also provided the Board
with their options when the new Regional Jail begins housing prisoners and Appomattox County
must become a part of a Community Corrections Program.(handout in Board file)
Mr. Casale came forward thanked the Board for the opportunity appear before them to explain
the statutes related to establishing services and Community Criminal Justice Boards under the
Pretrial Services Act and the Community Corrections Act.
Mr. Casale stated that since the Regional Jail construction project has been approved the Board is
required to establish and maintain a pretrial service program and a local probation program,
however, in both the Pretrial Services Act and the Community Corrections Act, you are only
required to establish what the General Appropriations Act provides for you in funds. Mr. Casale
stated that the General Assembly has not provided any funds for new pretrial services or local
probation projects since 2000 and as of now Appomattox County is 22 on a list of 29 localities
that are waiting for the General Assembly to come forward and funds these services.
Mr. Casale stated that the Board is also responsible for establishing a Community Criminal
Justice Board and this can be done several ways, you can establish your own programs and
establish your own Board or you may partner with the City of Lynchburg along with Amherst
County to attempt to establish your own because you are part of a regional jail. Mr. Casale asked
if the Board had temporarily agreed to go with Piedmont ASAP, which Ms. Ferguson confirmed.
Mr. Casale stated that the Board structure is located under Code of Virginia Section 9.1-178 and
it requires a judge from each of the courts, magistrate and chief of police or sheriff for law
enforcement and either a sheriff or regional jail administrator for the jail services someone
representing public defense, a local educator and a community services board administrator.
Mr. Casale asked the Board to read over the handout given and if they should have any questions
have County Administrator Ferguson contact him and he will be glad to answer.
Mr. Casale stated that the regional jail is scheduled to open sometime in 2011.