436
At 6:39 P.M. on December 4, 2000 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s regularmonthly meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,Appomattox, VA following two (2) separate public hearings.
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ABSENT: Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:39 P.M. Mr. Moore called the Board of Supervisors meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to
deliver the invocation.
Mr. Moore stated that it was necessary to enter into a closed session in accordance with Section 2.1-
344(A)-1 personnel matters; Code Section 2.1-344(A)-7 legal issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)-6
Investing of public funds where competition or bargaining is involved.
At 6:40 P.M., Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into a closed session
to discuss a personnel matter and a matter involving the investment of public funds. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:25 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved that the Board
return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meeting this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a certification by
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business
matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters
were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.