195
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board establishes that the Sollowing streets be eligible for
acceptance under Section 33.1-72.1 Paragraph “C” of the Code of Virginia:
BURNETT SUBDIVISION, SECTIONA
Sun Drive — Beginning at Route 608, Stonewall Road and ending at a
cul-de-sac, a distance of approximately 0.25 mile.
Estimated Cost - $50,000 - 50/50 Funding
SHIREY SUBDIVISION
Shirey Farm Road — Beginning at Route 679, Double Bridges Road and
ending at a cul-de-dac, a distance of approximately 0.31
mile. Estimated Cost - $80,000 — 50/50/Funding
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent)
7. Carver-Price Alumni Association, Inc.: Mrs. Rowena Robinson of the
Carver-Price Alumni Association has written requesting the Board allow them to
conduct tours of the old school during their annual reunion that is held over
Labor Day weekend. Last year they were allowed to conduct this tour and
everything went very well.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to allow the Carver-Price Alumni
Association to conduct tours of the old school during their annual reunion to be held
over the Labor Day weekend. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
8. Appomattox Baptist Temple: Appomattox Baptist Temple is replacing
shingles on the Church and is requesting that the Board exempt them from
paying landfill fees for disposal of these shingles. This is normally what we do
for groups of this nature.
Mr. Craft asked if this will go in our landfill or will it have to be transferred to Campbell
County.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve Appomattox Baptist
Temple's request to have landfill fees waived for the disposal of roofing shingles. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes —
1 absent)
9. Central Virginia Community Services Board Fiscal Agent: Ms. Augustine
Fagan, Executive director for the Central Virginia Community Services is
requesting that you approve for the Board to act as its own fiscal agent. At the
present time the City of Lynchburg is acting as fiscal agent for this organization.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to allow
Central Virginia Community Services Board to act as its own Fiscal Agent with the