O47
Mr. Paulette presented a letter from Roanoke River Basin Association
requesting funding to fight the proposed Lake Gaston Pipeline.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette also presented a request for the County to join the
Virginia Institute of Government.
Discussion followed, no action was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that the Board of Assessors was unable to
meet with the Board at this meeting and would like to reschedule for
January 9, 1995 at 7:00 P.M.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board of Supervisors agreed to
meet with the Board of Assessors on January 9, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the
Courthouse.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Sheriff Richardson for an
appropriation from the Asset/Forfeiture Account.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$113.63 from the Asset/Forfeiture Account. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, for an appropriation to pay for repairs to the Compactor.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, agreed for Mr. Peterson and
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, to review this matter and see if the
County is liable for this work.
Mr. Paulette next explained that Mr. Tommy Gobble needed additional
approval for $225.00 in order to take the Landfill Operator
Certification Exam.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve an
additional $225.00 from 1101-5504 for Mr. Gobble’s Landfill Operator’s
Certification Exam. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next pointed out several areas of concern in the
Governor’s proposed budget.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 9:27 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:09 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.