185
Mr. Conrad had a question. What is it exactly that this contracting business will be
doing at this location.
Mr. Craft stated they will be dealing with ready made concrete products, i.e. for steps,
curbs, etc. They will also have service trucks for concrete.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to accept the Planning
Commission’s recommendation and approve Petition #05-556- Hackett
Enterprises. Conditional Use Permit to allow the operation of a concrete
contracting business on Route 460 between Route 609 and Route 667. Subject
property, Tax Map #60(4)B is 5.05 acres in size and is zoned Industrial District
M-1. Granting petition would amend the zoning ordinance and the use would
become a conditional use in that zoning district (Section 170-51 — Appomattox
County Code). VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Sheriff’s Department Radio System: Bids have been received for a new
radio system for the Sheriff's Department. This was budgeted in the FY2005
budget but bid process was not completed before the end of the budget year.
Total amount of bid is $195,160.00. Original bid included three (3) repeater
sites, two (2) of these sites were removed from the bid package in order to bring
the bid in under budget. Sheriffs Department will try to operate with one
repeater site and see if this will be sufficient. If not, additional funding will be
requested.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to accept
the bid of GCS Electronics and Communications in the amount of $195,169.00 for a
radio system for the Sheriff's Department. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Resolution on Local Taxing Policy: Rockingham County Board of
Supervisors has passed a resolution concerning local taxing authority. They are
requesting that Appomattox County consider their resolution and possibly take
similar action to help protect local government taxing of real estate. This item
was held over from the July 5, 2005 meeting.
Mr. Conrad stated that both candidates for the Office of Governor in the upcoming
election are advocating the reduction of taxes. None of us want to see any tax
increases but one of the problems we have experienced over the last couple of years is
that we get a lot of Federal and State mandates that are above and beyond what we
actually have to do on our own. Yet, basically, what these two candidates would like to
do is to make it good for them. This resolution, in essence, will aid local government in
protecting our biggest asset — real estate taxes.
After further discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
LOCAL REAL PROPERTY TAXING AUTHORITY