185
Mr. Tanner stated that this was a red flag day and it is critical that all departments to be
able to communicate together especially during times like these. Mr. Tanner questioned
that with Appomattox County now being able to talk to Pamplin and the different
departments, would they also be able to speak with Concord? Mr. Wingfield stated that
yes they would be able to communicate with other counties within the month.
Mr. Wingfield also stated that five years ago the Woodman of the World agreed to cook
for the fireman during times like these and they came through with their promise.
Several members of the Woodman went to Wilbun’s to get food and Mr. Wilbun donated
all food.
Mr. Wingfield stated that the Chief did activate Virginia Emergency Operations Center
and requested additional help around 1:00 p.m. but canceled around 6:00 p.m. to allow
the Counties with more of a need to receive the help.
Chairman Craft called for other discussion. Hearing none, the next item for discussion
was Administrative Item #1- VDOT Resolution adopting the Secondary Six Year Plan.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the Six Year Plan for Secondary Roads (2009-
2014). Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The next item for discussion was Administrative Item #2 — Agreement with Nottoway for
Joint E&S Position.
Chairman Craft questioned Ms. Ferguson if a third part was interested in being in this
agreement. Ms. Ferguson stated that another party may be added later. But at this time
we need to move forward and get this agreement in place.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into the agreement with Nottoway for a joint E&S
Position. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Mr. Carter commended Ms. Ferguson on a job well done and feels this is going to be a
tax saver.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next moved into the Consent Agenda,
Approval of Minutes
Approval of Bills
Supplemental Appropriations:
Animal Control