- Utilize the Maximum Amount of Below Market Rate Financing Mechanisms.
- Strategically Layer in New Debt to Minimize any Necessary Increase in Tax Rate.
= Establish a Strong Undesignated Reserve Fund at 15% of Government Revenues.
= Establish a Capital Reserve to Provide Annual Interest Income for Capital Projects.
He also presented several scenarios for our projected plans for the Elementary School, Courthouse,
Landfill, etc., and explained each to the Board.
There was some discussion on the options that were presented.
Mr. Rose stated that approximately 60% of the real growth would go to the operational side.
Realistically this is closer to 40%.
Mr. Kendrick requested a scenario factoring in the Landfill Closure as soon as 2002 should DEQ
request this to be done. Mr. Rose will look into providing this information.
Mr. Kendrick commented on the fact that the Tax Base Chart provided by Davenport, Appomattox
County was the highest. How are the other Counties able to obtain these lower tax rates?
Mr. Rose explained that some of them have had reassessments, and growth accounts, various other
ways of approaching Capital Projects, such as scaling back on projects and doing things on an as
needed basis, and utilizing loans available.
Mr. Moore made the statement that most of these other counties have revenues other than Real Estate
which Appomattox does not have. This may be one of our problems.
Mr. Kendrick approached other projects that we may encounter in the near future, such as:
High School & Primary School alterations
Landfill Closure in 2002 instead of 2005
Recreations Facilities
E911 System
Also there may be additional renovations necessary at the Courthouse Complex.
Mr. Kendrick suggested the Mr. Rose give the Board a Comparative Analysis of each of these
financing scenarios projects so the Board could then see what is good and bad in each case.
The Board members felt Mr. Rose had done an excellent job with the information he had been
provided and the way in which he had presented it to the Board.
Mr. Moore stated that it was now up to the Board to decide where they are and where they want
to go.
Mr. Kendrick thinks we may need to factor in some flexibility or a reserve account for unexpected
capital projects that may come up within a specified period of time.