080
Mr. Carwile agreed and stated he felt there was no economic
advantage in this concept. Mr. Carwile also recognized the
County’s obligation to permanently close the old and existing
portion of the Landfill before October of 1993. Mr. Carwile
further stated he felt it would be better to continue the
permitting process and obtain a permit for a new landfill
cell based on the current regulations, retain the scales and
equipment necessary to operate a landfill, and retaina
skeleton crew to continue collecting the trash from the
"green box" sites. However, Mr. Carwile felt the new cell
should not be constructed unless an economically advantageous
agreement could not be reached with the private landfill in
Amelia or another private landfill. This way, Mr. Carwile
believed, the County would have a contingency in case
negotiations were not favorable and/or in case the private
landfill was unwilling or unable to fulfill its obligations.
Mr. Jamerson pointed out that, based on the figures he
presented, the net cost for the County if the private
landfill in Amelia was used would be $52.53 per ton while the
net cost if the County were to operate their own landfill
under the new regulations would be either $42.65 per ton if
you used first quarter FY93 expenses as a base or $47.19 per
ton if you used budgeted expenses as a base. Mr. Jamerson
also pointed out that the County and private owners were
going to be operating under the same regulations, therefore,
if the County’s costs were to increase in the future, the
costs to operate a private landfill would increase at an
equal rate and that any long term agreement with a private
landfill would have an escalation clause to compensate for
these increases.
Mr. Carwile noted the engineers considered an inflation rate
of 4 1/2% in their calculations and he felt this was
something everyone could "live with".
Mr. Jamerson added he felt, even if the cost to use Chamber’s
landfill in Amelia was equal to the cost to operate a County
landfill, he would not favor contracting with them because of
their financial condition which has recently been reveled.
Mr. Torrence again asked if it would not be better to open a
new cell at the County landfill only large enough to last
four (4) or five (5) years and monitor the private landfills
during this period. At the end of the cell’s life, the
County could then reevaluate its options.
A considerable discussion ensued concerning the life of the
new cell. Several different numbers have been furnished to
different people by the engineers ranging from three (3) to
seven (7) years life expectancy for a five (5) acre cell.
Mr. Moore wondered if the engineers were considering the
recycling efforts when they calculated the capacity of the
proposed cell.
Mr. Carwile asked why Mr. Jamerson’s figures indicated costs
of $42.65 or $47.19 per ton and Draper Aden projected costs
of about $79.00 per ton to operate the County’s landfill.