31
At 10:26 a.m. the Board took a short recess.
At 10:35 a.m. discussion began again with emphasis on Expenditures.
Board of Supervisors: Largest increase is in the salary adjustment from last year’s budget and the
Blue Cross by the County, based on current policy of 30% more than the school’s rate.
Mr. Carwile would like to have the comparison of School Employees and County Employees on
the same sheet. Mr. Carroll will try to get this done.
Mr. Carwile asked for an update on legal fees for Courthouse and regular expenditures
separately.
Registrar’s Office - Basically the rental on the Moose Lodge, Oakville Ruritans, Spout Spring
Ruritan and Pamplin for use of their buildings. These should all be treated equally.
Sheriff's Department - Salaries and Wages figure may change based upon what the State
Compensation Board decides to do regarding cuts. Also increase in Telecommunications
Request. This could possible come from the E911 Account. They are also requesting two (2)
new vehicles and a transportation van.
Fire Department:
Pamplin Contributions - This figures is actually decreasing. They are requesting the amount
usually contributed for the building fund be given to go into a fund for the purchase of new truck.
Mr. Carroll is not looking for any decisions today, just making the Board aware of various things.
Building & Housing - Increase in request as they are requesting a new vehicle this year. This
vehicle is beginning to require a number repairs.
Refuse Disposal is less than last year. Last year we budget $100,000 in Part B for the next cell.
We didn’t include that in this year. At some point in time the Board will have to make a decision
on whether to transfer waste out or go to the next cell. We will probably need to take a look at
this in the next year.
General Properties increased by $17,000 to $18,000. There are several things that contributed to
this increase. This is based on possible replacement of some air conditioning units since we had
several to go bad this last year. The new maintenance person has HVAC experience and
may be able to take of this maintenance instead of contracting out, thereby reducing this figure.
Recreation and Parks looks like it increased drastically. This is not so, Ms. Dixon asked that the
Recreation & Parks and Community Center budgets be combined. Thus there is no longer a
Community Center budget.
Contributions - This figure contains only those requests for which a letter was received. There