259
brings this to the Board’s attention recognizing that several organizations have
contacted Board members concerning this issue.
Mr. Carwile feels the Board has to be responsible to get done whatever is necessary to get
the signs, numbers, etc., put in a specific place rather than individuals placing them where
ever that like, at the driveway, on the house, etc. Cost should be no problem.
Mr. Kendrick agrees that the Board definitely needs to designate what the signs should
look like and where they are to be placed.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone had anything to discuss under Supervisor’s Concerns. No
one had anything at this time.
Mr. Carter stated a closed session was required in accordance with §2.2 - 3711 A.1 of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter.
At 8:40 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into a closed
meeting as per §2.2 — 3711 A. 1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a
personnel issue. WOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 8:50 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2 — 3711 A. 1 — of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock , aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked if there was any thing to be discussed as a result of the closed session.
At 8:42 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Carwile the meeting was
recessed until Monday, April 28, 2003.
Sagal Ze Cobbs
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman