531
rezone this property to M-1 made absolutely no sense. Mr. Bryant continued that this
would benefit no one but Mr. Moore. Mr. Bryant stated that to approve Mr. Moore’s
request would be to ignore the safety and health issues. Mr. Bryant in closing, stated that
in his opinion Mr. Moore needed to relocate his business elsewhere where it will not
impact peoples lives, safety, health and property. Mr. Bryant stated he was opposed to
the zoning change.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. David Clay came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 1017, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Clay explained that he lived on route 800 and that he had built his house
four years ago. Mr. Clay stated that he felt sandblasting was a hazard to his families
health. Mr. Clay explained that he had a two-year-old daughter and he did not want her
breathing this byproduct. Mr. Clay continued that he felt the sandblasting operation
would be a deterrent to his property values. Mr. Clay, in closing, stated that he felt that
Concord was a very nice community and that he wanted it to stay as it was. Mr. Clay
stated that he was opposed to the rezoning request.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Thomas Booth came forward and gave his address as state route 800, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Booth stated that his property adjoins Mr. Moore’s property. Mr. Booth
said that he has lived in Concord all his life and that Concord was a bedroom community
with low crime rate. Mr. Booth continued that Mr. Moore was a good community citizen
but for him to place a facility like he was contemplating in the center of a residential area
was not the proper place for this type operation. Mr. Booth explained that he had a two
year-old granddaughter that he was concerned about her health in regards to the
sandblasting operation. Mr. Booth stated in closing that he was opposed to the rezoning
of this area.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Roberta Clay came forward and gave her address as P. O. Box 1017, Concord,
Virginia. Mrs. Clay continued that she had been a resident of Concord for thirty-three
years. She stated that her property was appraised at $200,000.00 and that she did not feel
that the proper place for a sandblasting operation was in a residential district. Mrs. Clay
continued that she had concerns for their health and the health of their daughter and that
she was opposed to this rezoning request.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Mark Stratton came forward and gave his address as 83 Station Lane. Mr. Stratton
stated that this was not a low-density residential area. Mr. Stratton continued that a lot of
people lived in this area that could be affected by this operation. Mr. Stratton continued
that he had a nine-month-old and that he was concerned with the health issue.