456
Mr. Austin called for other concerns.
Mr. Torrence stated that there was a problem on Route 633 and asked if there was
anything that could be done to eliminate this problem.
Mr. Austin stated that he would look into this matter.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of improvements to Route 622.
Mr. Austin stated this area would be taken care of shortly.
Mr. Bosiger explained that he had received a call from a citizen concerning
improvements needed on Route 652.
Mr. Austin explained that this road would have to be moved up on the priority list for
unpaved roads when the Six-Year Plan was revised.
Being nothing else for Mr. Austin, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused him.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Ms. Kim Sandvig and Ms. Cynthia Robertson to appear
before the Board.
Ms. Sandvig began that their reason for appearing before the Board was to address
concerns about the proposed industrial park. Ms. Sandvig was not in agreement with
purchasing the property for an industrial park. Ms. Sandvig asked several questions of
the Board concerning the ownership of the industrial park. Ms. Sandvig asked that
buffers be increased to protect the property owner’s privacy.
The members of the Board answered several questions of Ms. Sandvig.
Mr. Bosiger excused Ms. Sandvig and Ms. Robertson and called for Supervisor
Concerns.
Mr. Moore stated that when the delinquent tax list was published a Russell Moore’s name
was in the newspaper, which caused his wife some embarrassment, and he felt that the
full name of the individual should be published.
Mr. Moore also stated that he would like to recommend that on the 100 acre site that is
designated for recreation the Board consider building the new elementary school. Mr.
Moore continued that he felt this would be beneficial because the school could use the
recreational facilities and that would eliminate some expense.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he anticipated the I.D.A. returning to the Board with their
recommendations and the Board could proceed from that point. Mr. Bosiger also