686
more dense which would allow market place to decide how land is going to be used and he is not
sure if the Board would want to consider this but he did want to bring it to their attention.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item# 2 ~— Planning Commission Appointment and
stated that George Almond and Steve Conner’s terms on the Planning Commission expire on
December 31, 2009 and they both have stated their interest in being reappointed with terms
ending December 31, 2013. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that Mr. Almond has done a great job and made a motion to reappoint Mr.
George Almond to the Planning Commission representing the Appomattox River District with
term ending December 31, 2013. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion to reappoint Mr. Steve Conner to the Planning Commission
representing the Courthouse District with term ending December 31, 2013. Mr. Craft seconded
Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#3- Town of Appomattox Request for Joint
Animal Control Officer and stated that a request had been made by Bart Van Nicuwenhuise,
Town Manager, that the Town and County jointly hire an animal control officer. This is being
proposed due to a proposed ordinance change within the Town. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that due to the budget shortfall that we are anticipating, he cannot see doing this
at this time.
Mr. Carter questioned the unmet needs within the Town limits.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she is not sure what the Town is saying when mentioning unmet needs,
to her knowledge all needs are being met, she stated that she reviews all calls to animal control
everyday and she is unaware of any unmet needs.
Chairman Conrad stated that based on the economic situation and not sure about being able to
retain all the employees that we now have employed, that he feels we should not be hiring any
new positions at this time.
Mr. Carter stated that he does not think this issue has gone through the Town Council.
Mr. Paul Harvey, Mayor for the Town of Appomattox stated that this has been proposed by the
Town Manager and an Ordinance Committee and this issue has not gone through the Town
Council.