057
Scott asked the Board to decide the issue as soon as possible and build a NEW school for
our children.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Lannis Selz to appear before the Board.
Mr. Selz began by giving his address as Route 1, Spout Spring, Virginia. Mr. Selz
continued that he was speaking as the School Board member for the Falling River
District. Mr. Selz stated that there were four issues that he would like to mention in the
five minutes that he was allotted. 1) Mr. Selz began that we knew three years ago that
replacement of the elementary school was necessary and therefore we have renovated
several buildings in order to save resources for this project. Mr. Selz explained that this
has been part of the plan for a long time and he hoped that no one felt that this was
something new. 2) Mr. Selz continued that we have known for a long time that the social
conditions under which the elementary school was built are not the same as under which
Appomattox County High School was built. Mr. Selz gave a brief history of the struggle
of Mrs. Price to build the Carver-Price school out of nothing. Mr. Selz listed the
problems with the present building. 3) Mr. Selz stated that anything could be done with
enough time and money. Mr. Selz continued that if we renovate this building into a new
elementary school it would have little or no resemblance to the old Carver-Price School.
Mr. Selz stated that the needs of second and third graders are not the same as the needs of
thirteen and fourteen year olds. Mr. Selz asked that the options be looked at for uses of
the present building. 4) Mr. Selz stated that if we build a new school as needed with the
idea of transferring the second grade to the new facility we can get out of the new school
building business for a long time and concentrate our tax dollars toward other much
needed County projects. Mr. Selz in closing stated that this was not a matter for
referendum on the ballot and that the Board needed to go ahead and make the decision.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mrs. Janice Marston to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Marston came forward and gave her address as Route 1 Box 463, Appomattox.
Mrs. Marston continued by explaining to the Board that she could not imagine how they
would be able to educate the children with renovation and construction going on in the
school. Mrs. Marston continued by noting the safety issues that she felt were associated
with the present building and site. Mrs. Marston asked that the Board listen to educators
and the parents of the children and make a decision to build a new school.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Wayne Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Phelps began by stating that he was a businessman and landowner in the County.
Mr. Phelps continued that he feels the issue of the elementary school has divided the
community. Mr. Phelps asked the Board not to raise taxes. Mr. Phelps asked that the
Board hold this decision off until after the reassessment is in place. Mr. Phelps agreed
that the security in the school was awful. Mr. Phelps proposed that the Board purchase
the land that had been suggested, air condition the present school, make a few minor
changes and wait for about five years to do anything more.