637
Discussion followed concerning the elimination of the funds for housing
inmates in other facilities.
Sheriff Richardson stated that he did not feel that funds would be
needed this year to house inmates outside the County, but if it was
necessary, the Code of Virginia requires the County pay for this
service.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette thanked Sheriff Richardson for the
information concerning his FY96 budget request.
Mr. Paulette next asked Mrs. Ferguson to explain the revisions to Mrs.
Belter’s budget.
Mrs. Ferguson presented revised copies of Mrs. Belter’s FY96 budget and
explained that Mrs. Belter had reviewed her original budget request and
determined that she could continue with part-time employees instead of
adding a new position. Mrs. Ferguson continued by adding that Mrs.
Belter’s revised budget was decreased due to this change.
Budget discussion followed.
Mr. Paulette next recognized Mr. Tommy Lawson, County Attorney.
Mr. Lawson gave an explanation for the increase to his FY96 Budget. He
explained that in July 1995 his Office would be placed on full time
status and all of his request to the Compensation Board have been
approved.
Mrs. Ferguson next informed the Board that Rev. L. W. Adams of
Appomattox Pentecostal Church, had notified her the Church was offering
their property for sale to the County for $300,000.00.
No action was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that a public hearing has been
scheduled, per their instructions, to repeal section 151.88 of the
Tradesman’s Ordinance for May 8, 1995 at 6:30 P.M.
Discussion followed concerning the guidelines for exemption.
Mr. Paulette then invited Mayor Spiggle and members of Town Council to
join the Board.
Mr. Paulette welcomed the members of Town Council, Mr. Garrett,
Superintendent of Public Works, and Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator and explained the reason for meeting together was to try
and resolve the issue of explaining the recycling program.
Mr. Paulette then asked Mr. Moore to give a report on the baler that
the County was looking to purchase.
Mr. Moore expressed that he strongly feels that the County needs to do
anything that they can to keep solid material out of the landfill.