268
Mr. Gragg next presented information on the update that needs to bh
done on Appomattox County’s Comprehensive Plan. He explained that thi
Code of Virginia requires that every municipality update it
Comprehensive Plan on a five (5) year basis. Mr. Gragg suggests thi
Board reverse their decision to do the zoning-map update at this tim
and proceed with the Comprehensive Plan update. The Comprehensive Plal
review and update can be completed within the hours alloted to thi
County with the only expense being that of materials.
05-00-00
Mr. Carwile made a motion to recind previous action by the Board take!
on June 14, 1993, to update zoning map and accept the recommendatio}
from Central VA Planning District Commission to update the County’
Comprehensvie Plan in Fy94 instead. Seconded by Mr. Torrence.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
41th Sho
In closing, Mr. Gragg presented each Board member with a copy of "Final
Report of the Virginia Department of Transportation in Response t
Senate Joint Resolution 188: A Study of Transportation Trust Fun
Allocation Formulae Senate Document #39: How it Will Effect th
Lynchburg District". Mr. Gragg noted that a Public Meeting would b
held on October 14, 1993 at 7:30 , at the Lynchburg Public Library
with Virginia Department of Transportation officials to discuss thi
issue. Mr. Gragg encouraged all Board members to attend.
[ommerenm =!mw
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Gragg and called on Mr. Charlie
Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator to appear before the Board.
Mr. Peterson began by distributing copies of the gate activity report,
for the month of August 1993, to the Board.
=IMr. Peterson next gave a status report on the construction of "Cel!
I", Also Cells "E" and "F" have been reseeded, berms and downspout!
have been installed to correct erosion problems.
10)
Mr. Peterson continued by giving a report on construction progress of
the freshwater holding pond. He informed the Board that Mr. Freddi
weGodsey, Fire Chief, Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department, has visite
the landfill to look at the pond and discuss the possibility o
installing a dry hydrant in this pond.
Eh
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Peterson to seek advice from Mr. Bob McClenny
Soil and Water Conservation Service, on the construction of the holding
pond.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, to report on the
status of the motion to have the Consent Decree lifted. Mr. Lawso
explained that the paper work has been completed and everything shoul
be completed by next week.
[a Fuin §
Mr. Peterson next asked the Board to consider two (2) items for actio
at the October meeting. The first item is the purchase of a dump truci
to move "cover" dirt into Cell "I". The second item is the purchase 0.
a horizontal baler for the recycling program. Discussion followet
[oFm = a>aie