107
December 24, 1992 and New Year’s Eve, December 31, 1992. Mr.
Rice asked if the Board wished to grant these extra holidays
to County employees. Mrs. Beasley stated she favored the
extra holidays because more and more women are working these
days and they needed the extra time to be with their families
and prepare for the holidays. Mr. Jamerson said he did not
object strenuously to County employees having Christmas Eve
off, but felt New Year’s Eve was a "bit much". Mrs. Beasley
pointed out there were few County employees other than those
of the Constitutional Officers and the School Board and made
a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to grant December 24 and
31, 1992 as additional paid holidays for County employees.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, nay; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence pointed out County employees had received very
little in raises the past few years and that two (2)
additional holidays would indicate the Board appreciated
their efforts. Mr. Moore mentioned he felt the County would
not loose much work nor would there be detrimental effects by
granting the extra holidays and the employees would be
grateful.
Mr. Rice next reminded the Board of Mr. Catlett request of
$611.25 for three (3) cows killed by wild dogs. After
considerable discussion Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded
by Mr. Moore to pay Mr. Catlett $611.25 for three (3) cows
killed by wild dogs and, since the money collected from dog
tags is deposited in the General Fund, this money be
appropriated from unappropriated revenue. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice next asked to reassign the Animal Warden to report
directly to the County Administrator because of the often
sensitive nature of the public’s dealings and to expedite
communications. Currently the Animal Warden reports to the
Landfill Supervisor. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to place the Animal Warden
directly under the supervision of the County Administrator.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board he has again received a
request for a contribution to the Youth Association, but a
proposed budget nor ae copy of the IRS Form 990 for
organizations exempt from income tax was not included as
previously requested. After discussion, the Board by
consensus directed Mr. Rice to again ask Mr. John Williams,
the Association’s president, for a copy of their Form 990
prior to dispensing the funds.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board he has received a letter
from Mrs. Ora McCoy, Chairperson of the Community Center
Board of Directors, expressing disappointment regarding
recent actions of the Board of Supervisors and asking for
clarification concerning the function of the Community Center
Board. Mr. Carwile reviewed previous communications and