525
On Monday, October 16, 2006 at 5:45 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held a Public Hearing at the Appomattox County Community Center located
on Community Lane (off 460 Business — East), Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 5:45 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and stated the public hearing was
being held for clarification purposes changing the Tools and Machinery Tax Rate from
$3.50 per one hundred dollars value to $4.60 per one hundred dollars. The Tools and
Machinery Tax Rate was specifically separated at the original public hearing held on the
FY 2007 County Budget and the Personal Property Tax Rate.
Mr. Overstreet explained why this public hearing was necessary. This issue came up
several weeks ago and he was on vacation when Ms. Ferguson first called him.
Unfortunately, he did not have a code available. The question was raised as to whether
or not the Personal Property Tax Rate included the Tools and Machinery Tax. He felt it
was advisable to err on the side of caution and hold the public hearing. When he
returned to the office, the definition for paying Personal Property Tax, Section 58.1-
3500, it lists tangible personal property shall consist of all personal property. There are
some sections in the Code which speaks of Tools and Machinery separately. This may
have caused some confusion. It is his opinion that when the Board of Supervisors
changed the rate of Tangible Personal Property it included Tools and Machinery.
Mr. Carter stated that when the County was preparing the FY2007 budget, they realized
that the Personal Property Tax had not been raised in almost 30 years and this was a
very justified means of gaining additional revenue to support the overall budget for the
County. This increase would be equal for each and every person living within the
County.
Mr. Carter then asked if anyone present wished to speak in regard to the Tools and
Machinery Tax. If so, please step to the podium and state your name and address for
the record.
Bill A. Burke, owner of Cardinal Chevrolet: He will definitely be affected by this
increase for his shop tools and equipment. He has to have sophisticated equipment to
work on the automobiles of today. By his calculation this will amount to a 31%
increase. This is a pretty hefty increase for a business to have to absorb in one year.
He could see an incremental increase each year but to hit a business with a 31%