641
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#5- Memorial United Methodist Church and
explained that at the September 8" meeting the Board considered a request for exemption of the
$100 per day fee for the use of Courtland Field. At that meeting Mr. Overstreet raised some
question concerning approving this request so a copy of the rental agreement for the use of
County facilities has been provided for review. Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Overstreet to
discuss this with the Board.
Mr. Overstreet stated that after speaking with the County Administrator on this policy and since
we do handle each of the requests in the same manner. Mr. Overstreet stated that he did not have
a problem with the approval of this request.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the request of Memorial United Methodist Church to waive
the $100 per day fee for use of Courtland Field. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#5B- Discussion regarding Creation of Public
Services Authority and stated in April 2009 the Board of Supervisors voted to move forward
with creating a Public Services Authority (PSA) to operate the new water system. Chairman
Conrad stated that staff has been collecting information and now needs input from the Board.
Mr. Craft questioned how elaborated this would have to be.
Mr. Overstreet stated that you would need five members and explained that he had previously
briefed the Board on the Creation of a Public Service Authority. Mr. Overstreet stated that the
Board of Supervisors can serve as the Public Service Authority. Mr. Overstreet then explained
the information he would need to contact the proper authorities in creating this authority.
Mr. Roark explained that he needed action taken on several items tonight the first being which
services does the Board intend to authorize and also the Board will need to determine the
membership of the Board of Directors for the PSA. Mr. Roark explained that one or more
members of the Board may serve on the PSA Board of Directors and the Board of Directors must
contain five members and a length of term shall be for no more than four years.
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels the Board needed more time before making a decision on this
issue.
Mr. Roark stated that he would bring this before the Board again during the second meeting in
October.
Mr. Carter asked about the time constraints on this PSA?
Mr. Roark stated that we do have some time before this must be done.