317
County which is all they have ever had. I can understand that times are changing and I understand
that taxes have to go up. I apologize for being so nervous because I do not like to do this. What Iwould like to share tonight is the taxes of real estate and landowners here in the County. I have a
clipping from the Lynchburg News about Delegate Preston Bryant who brought down the real estate
taxes so the citizens would not have to bear the burden of the Lynchburg schools. He bought it down
10 cents. He added one cents to the food tax. Everyone wants their schools to be in top-notch shape
and if I could buy every child something that would help them to read and pass the SOL’s, I
certainly would do it and I believe everyone would share the burden. One other thing before I leave,
about the budget for the future. I wanted to comment on the Financial Adviser that I read in the paper
about, this may do a lot of good but what I want to know is if we need this, why do we have a
Treasurer, County Administrator, Assistant County Administrator, and why do we have a
Commissioner of Revenue. I want what is best for my town and my community. I love Appomattox
County and would not want to raise my family any place else”.
Mr. Moore thanked Mrs. Book and called for anyone who wished to speak to come forward.
Mr. Evans Thomas came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 673, Appomattox, VA and lives
on Route 24. “Usually when a lawyer talks, he talks longer than anyone else. I promise not to do
that tonight. Everyone else has said a great deal about the budget situation. I want to address one
part of the budget which is that on January 1* of this year, I was made Commissioner of Accounts
for the County and upon examining the budget I found the Commissioner of Accounts budget had
money in it. I immediately sent a letter to the Chairman of the Board requesting that this money be
stricken from the budget because the County has too many other problems to worry about. I take it
upon myself to be of service to the judge, service to the County and service to the Courts, and I get
my money out of scheduled fees from the Commonwealth of Virginia, and I don’t feel that the
taxpayers of Appomattox County should have to pay for that work when other offices need to be
increased. You can take this money back. I just wanted you to know that”.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Thomas and asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Paul Michael Raymond came forward and stated he was pastor of the Reformed Church of
Central Virginia and had moved here from New York two (2) years ago with his family. He moved
here after a careful search and study of the demographics of Appomattox County. “Ihave to concur
with those who have spoken and as of April 17" you have a letter from me concerning the problem
of taxation. After this gentleman here spoke, he moved me to come down and speak because to
remain silent when you should speak in protest, make us cowards and I would never want to leave
to my children an inheritance that their Father was a coward. Before I continue, gentlemen, I have
sat in on a few boards and my heart goes out to you as you are the blunt of the peoples fears and
concerns. I honor you greatly as men who have been situated in your positions not only by the
people of Appomattox but by God himself. And having that ordination, as supervisors, you have a
duty to God and the people of Appomattox and we should all honor that. But, I too, am greatly
frustrated because of what I have witnessed in the past 30 years. When I was a boy in New York,
and the assessed taxes for property of 50 or 60 thousand dollars was $900.00 and in 30 years it went
to $8,000 for an acre or acre and a half of property, but New York is not Appomattox but we can see
what can happen if there are not restrictions. As far as taxes are concerned, James Madison stated