215
Present: Mr. W. E. "Bill" Jamerson - Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Mooore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson - Interim County Administrator
Charlie Peterson - Solid Waste Administrator
The purpose of this special meeting was to:
Consider change order to contract with D. S. Nash
Consider purchase of dump truck for landfill
Consider application for Railroad Festival
Consider Health Departments request for additional space and
additional funding
5. Humane Society’s offer
6. Gaye Stevens request
BWM
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order.
Fe
t
Mr. Jamerson stated the first item for discussion is the change orde
to D. S. Nash’s contract.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator to bring the
Board up to date on the reason for this change order.
0
Mr. Peterson began by informing the Board that with the exception of
moving dirt for trash cover into the new cell area, D. S. Nash has
completed their contract with the county.
Mr. Peterson continued to explain that D. S. Nash’s contract included &
line item amount of $12,400.00 for moving 3200 cubic yards of dirt for
cover into the cell area. Mr. Peterson and Mr. Earl Dickerson, Hurt
and Proffitt, Engineer, have discussed the operational plan for the
landfill and recognize that the moving of cover material into the cell
area is going to be an on-going problem. Once the 3200 cubic yards have
been utilized, we will then need to move additional cover material intd
the cell. After considering the alternatives, Mr. Peterson and Mr
Dickerson determined that the best solution would be to request 4g
deduct from D. S. Nash of $12,400.00 and purchase a dump truck for the
landfill. With the purchase of the dump truck, landfill employees
could more dirt into the cell area as needed.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr
Moore that the County purchase a 1977 Mack dump truck from Frank Moor¢
at a cost of $6,500.00.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson with consensus of the other Board members instructed Mr
Peterson not to license the dump truck for road use. The truck is te
be used strictly at the landfill.