542
Chairman Conrad explained that the only thing that was done at the last meeting was to
determine that if we hired a Economic Development Coordinator the amount that we would pay
them, but it was indicated that we would bring this back for discussion at the time of budget to
determine if it would be prudent to hire someone at this time and if we did hire someone we
would apply the job description and salary as documented. Chairman Conrad stated that the
Board has not approved an Economic Development Coordinator prior to this meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that once again this board needs to put one cent in the budget to hire an
Economic Development Coordinator.
Chairman Conrad stated that he did not feel we need an Economic Development Coordinator at
this point especially since we did not receive any stimulus money for the water line and are
looking at obtaining more money for the water line and when you do this basically we may not
get any grant money and we may get some loans and if that we want to look at incurring more
debt then he guess you could look at it from that stand point. Chairman Conrad stated that the
point is an Economic Development Coordinator can be hired at any time, but right now he does
not see where a Economic Development Coordinator is going to help us at all and he does not
think we are looking at the total expense as to what we have coming here.
Mr. Carter stated that this is the very reason that we need this Economic Development
Coordinator which will rectify this problem. Mr. Carter pointed out that we do not have the
industry in here to help any of these citizens who have lost their jobs with Thomasville and this
position could help us with this.
Chairman Conrad stated that we are looking right now at rectifying this problem, we have Wal-
Mart coming and we are moving forward with the water line and hopefully this is just two steps
that will start us towards where an economic development coordinator would be an asset.
Chairman Conrad stated that if we hire someone at this position and we may not get much for the
money.
Mr. Carter stated that we could say a lot of things; we could say that this Economic Development
Coordinator is going to cost five million dollars as far as that goes we could say we are going to
put up 25 shell buildings, but that is not what we are saying at all. What we are saying is that we
need an Economic Development Coordinator that will enhance our tax base and will be here
eight hours a day either sitting behind a computer or knocking on doors or going to Richmond,
but doing what is necessary 100% of his/her time.
Chairman Conrad stated he is not suggesting not hiring an economic development coordinator
but that this is not the most prudent time to hire someone in this position; we could maybe pick
up this position at a later date.
Mr. Tanner stated that we cannot afford to not hire someone in this position. We need to have
someone to push this waterline everyday.