576
(on Monday, July 7, 2009 at 5:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
gpecial called meeting in the County Administration Conference room located on 153A Morton
Lane, Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mtr. William H. Craft -Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Mr. Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to
order at 5:30 p.m. and then turned the meeting over to Mr. Johnnie Roark, Planner.
Mr. Roark gave background information on the Zoning Ordinance and explained that out of 95
counties 87 of them have adopted some sort of zoning ordinance.
Mr. Roark stated that Appomattox County adopted their zoning ordinance in 1988.
Mr. Roark stated that revising this zoning ordinance revision is a process and no votes are going
to be taken tonight or this month. Mr. Roark explained that this is just the beginning of the
Board’s review and they may elect to make changes. Mr. Roark explained that the public phase
of this process is just getting started as well. Mr. Roark explained that there has been a minimal
input by the public through the Planning Commission phase. Mr. Roark stated that a draft of this
ordinance has been placed on the website with the ability to send comments for over a year. Mr.
Roark stated that no comments have been received via this method. Mr. Roark stated that a
public hearing will be scheduled at the Board’s discretion and on the Boards timetable.
Mr, Roark stated that the purpose of this ordinance revision is due to the Comprehensive Plan
which sets forth a complete revision of the zoning ordinance as one of the main objectives.
Mr. Roark stated that the new ordinance will give the Board of Supervisors the ability to better
implement the Comprehensive Plan. It will create visual protections and buffers between
conflicting land uses and will improve the aesthetics along major highways.
Mr. Roark also stated that the original zoning ordinance adopted in 1988 has had some
amendments, but a comprehensive review has never been done.