25
Mr. Carwile asked the cost per student - This cost is estimated at $6,300.
Also the cafeteria is a self supporting item and is not included in the budget.
The School Board is including two new buses in this budget. In the past they have been trying to
purchase 4 new buses per year, so the life of a bus is around 12 years. Also discussed was the
cost to maintain the old elementary school; the Payroll Accounting System and Retiree Health
Care Credit (these costs have been transferred to the localities from the State). There was also
some discussion on salary increases and health care insurance.
At 7:25 Mr. Carter thanked the School Board and called for a 5 minute recess.
At 7:35 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and called Barry Lyons of the Small Business
Development Center to address the Board.
Mr. Lyons gave his presentation stating that they basically provide counseling, advice and
recommendations to small businesses throughout the Region 2000 area. Everything they do is
strictly confidential. These services are provided without charge regardless of the number of
hours involved. There are approximately 400 small businesses with employees in Appomattox
County. They need local dollars in order to get federal and state dollars. They are not requesting
a set contribution from the Board, but they could use $2,500. They have a lot of people
contacting them for assistance. They also do a lot of training programs and they are a service
organization, not a profit making one.
Mr. Lyons concluded by asking if anyone had any questions.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mr. Lyons had any printed materials he could send to the Board.
Mr. Carter next called Sheriff Staples to discuss his budget projections.
Sheriff Staples began by saying that a considerable amount of time has gone into considering
raises for the County and School System as well as the Sheriff's Department in relationship to
surrounding counties. Sheriff Staples gave the Board information regarding where his
department stood in relationship those counties bordering Appomattox as to supplements given
to law enforcement. He is asking the Board to supplement the salaries of his deputies by $1,000
per individual or the equivalence of a pay raise of 3.5% amounting to $33,632. This was a
decision by his department employees to benefit those employees at the lower end of the salary
range. This is not too much when you take into consideration that these men and women are on
duty 24/7 and put their lives on the line each and everyday.
Mr. Kendrick asked if we were losing deputies to other localities since the 9-11 incident.
Sheriff Staples stated one incident regarding BWXT luring experienced law officers with a
starting salary of $37,200 with two years experience. We have lost one individual and we stand a
chance of losing 4 to 5 others. When you lose trained, experience officers, for whatever reason,