455
Mr. Overstreet asked if this would possible be something that the EDA may want to take
a look at, as they are trying to entice business to Appomattox County.
6. NACo’s_ 2007 Annual Conference Donation Request: James Campbell,
Executive Director of VACo is requesting that we contribute to the 2007 NACo
Conference to be held in Richmond.
Mr. Carter informed everyone that we do not belong to NACo. We are however a
member of VACo, through which we have ties with NACo.
It was stated that one option would-be that.we.may want to send Ms. Dixon, Tourism
Director, to this conference to set up an exhibition booth to display flyers, brochures,
etc. showing what Appomattox County has to offer visitors.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the theory was that some of the people attending this
conference in Richmond would be traveling through Appomattox would have the
opportunity to eat, purchase gas, visit some of the attractions, etc. This is why they feel
like it is a statewide project.
6B. Procurement Policies: At a previous meeting there was some discussion
concerning our Procurement Policy for small purchases. The County Attorney
and Ms. Ferguson had different views on the policy presently in place as to
whether is it valid policy. In order to resolve our issues, he has drafted a new
policy for the Board to Adopt.
PROCEDURE FOR PROCUREMENT OF SMALL PURCHASES
Pr Small purchases are defined as single or term contracts less than $30,000.
2. For the necessary small purchase of goods and services up to $500 County
Departments are encouraged to purchase equally from all firms over time
and use competition as practical.
3. For the necessary small purchase of good and services from $501 up to
$5,000 County Department may verbally acquire at least three (3) bids.
4. For those approved small purchases of good and services from $5,001 but
less than $30,000, County Department shall develop a written proposal or bid
form and without advertising acquire at least three (3) bids in writing.
There was some discussion regarding the Departments keeping records of those bids
received verbally.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the Procurement Policy for
Small purchases as stated above. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7- 12)
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Joint Meeting with Town on
May 30, 2006; Meeting with County Planner on Proposed Ordinance Changes on
June 5, 2006; Regular Meeting on June 5, 2006; Public Comment Session on
Waterline of June 14, 2006; Public Hearing on Proposed Ordinance Changes on