301
they have been successful in raising monies to help with the re-enactment. They will be
doing several things which they feel you will be proud of.
At one of their meetings, they found they do not have any place to store their records:
donation letters, ruling letters, tax forms and other papers. They thought that perhaps
the Board would allow them to use some space in the old elementary school. They also
thought this space could be used by other non-profit organizations as a Appomattox
Non-Profit Center to be used for executive meetings, etc. They feel that one classroom
would be sufficient.
Mr. Carter congratulated Ms. Conrad and the organization for achieving the Federal
501C. Mr. Carter further stated that the uses for the elementary school are still in the
planning stages and are we trying to get “paying” tenants in the building to help with
expenses. The Board will keep this request in mind when planning for the use of the
building.
Mr. Carter next returned to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
5. Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce: The Appomattox County
Chamber of Commerce is requesting the use of Courtland Field on June 16, 2006
for one of their Friday Cheers events.
Mr. Craft commented on the waiving of the $100.00 damage deposit. If the ground is
wet and vehicles get stuck and tear up the area, who would be responsible for repairing
the damage.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this is not the $500.00 Bond on the Musical & Entertainment
Permit which we have in the past waived. This is the recreational agreement where you
rent any of the facilities that Ms. Dixon oversees. In that agreement, a $100.00 damage
deposit is required and if everything is left in good order, this deposit is returned. This is
the first time, we have been asked to waive this fee.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to grant the request from the
Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce to use Courtland Field for a Friday Cheers
event to be held on June 16, 2006, excluding the waiving of the $100.00 damage
deposit, which they will be required to pay. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Funding Request by Chief Magistrate: Several months ago we received a
request from William I. Oakes, Jr., Chief Magistrate for the 10" Judicial District,
explaining that he might be making a request of each locality for them to pay a
share of his office expenses. That request was received in a letter dated January
31, 2006.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that when this came up before there was some
discussion about it and Mr. Overstreet had done research into the Code and he has
refreshed his memory on that research and if the Board would like, he is in a position to
let you know what he has found and go over his recommendations.