377
On Monday, May 15, 2006 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it regularly
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center, located
of Confederate Boulevard, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
Bobby Wingfield — Emergency 911 Coordinator
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation after which he asked everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
There was some discussion as to the placement of the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda: Two (2) items added:
4-A — Courthouse Portraits
4-B - Resolution — Hazard Mitigation Plan
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was the Citizen Public Comment
Period: This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss
issues that are of importance or concern to the citizen.
There were no Citizen Comments at this time.
Mr. Carter then called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 4)
1, Proposed County Code and Fee Schedule Changes: There are several
proposed code and fee schedule changes to various County Ordinances. Prior to
adoption, a public hearing must be held on the proposed changes. You may
wish to hold this public hearing on June 5, 2006 at 6:00 p.m., prior to the regular
meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that after talking with Mr. Roark, the County Planner and Mr.
Overstreet, the County Attorney, they would like to schedule this public hearing for June
19, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center. A notice of the public
hearing along with the proposed changes to the County Ordinances will be published in
the local newspaper and also a copy will be available for review at the County
Administration Office.