508
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile regarding business from the closed session to
have Mr. Carroll convey to the property owners on Porter House Road to do the following in order
to bring the road into the States’ Secondary Road System.
1. Title search of all adjacent property;
2. Preparation of deed to County;
3. Approval of deed by the County Attorney;
4. All expenses incurred will rest with the property owner.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter next called attention the Administrative Items:
1. Board of Building Code Appeals: At a previous meeting the Board appointed four (4) of the
five (5) members of this Board. At this time the Board needs to appoint the fifth member of this
Board and also stipulate the terms of each member
Mr. Carter nominated Mr. Garnett Mills and Mr. Richard Childress as possible appointees for this
Board.
On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carwile, Mr. Richard Childress was appointed as the
fifth and final member to serve on this Board for a two (2) year term to expire in 2003. VOTE: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the recommendation for the following
term limits: Mr. Willie Caldwell and Mr. Gary Tanner will serve three (3) years terms, expiring in
2004 and Mr. Earl Dickerson, and Mr. Doug Martin serving two (2) year terms expiring in 2003.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Workforce Investment Board: The appointment to this Board has been tabled at previous
meetings. Mr. Carwile stated he would like more information regarding this Board and its meetings.
By consensus, the Board instructed Mr.Carroll to gather more data to place on the agenda when an
appointee is selected.
3. Emergency Operations Plan: Mr. Godsey presented the County Emergency Operations Plan
at the meeting on April 2, 2001. The Board needs to adopt a Resolution formally accepting this Plan.