590
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, that Route 725 in
Appomattox County be renamed Point Road so as not to create confusion in the
E-911 system. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. E-911 Coordinator: We have advertised for the new E-911 Coordinator
position and since it may take several months to get this position filled,
we will need someone to continue working with Timmons on this project.
Freddy Godsey has agreed to continue with this, at the present
compensation of $1,500.00 per month, until the new coordinator is in
place.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to have Mr. Godsey
continue as acting E-911 Coordinator at a compensation rate of $1,500.00 per
month until such time a full-time E-911 Coordinator is in place. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Request for Road Abandonment: Mr. Reed Johnson, Superintendent,
Appomattox Court House National Historical Park is requesting that the
County approve the abandonment of Route 710.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board would need to use the same procedure
that was used recently in the petition to abandonment Route 721. That petition
was withdrawn. Notices will have to be posted along the road, as well as placed
in the newspapers. Mr. Overstreet will draw up a resolution to be presented at
the next meeting. Notices will have to be posted for thirty (30) days and action
taken on this resolution in August.
The Board by consensus, tabled action on this issue until the next meeting.
4. Contract For Services: Appomattox County has partnered with
Campbell County for the past several years to handle certain duties
involved with the Comprehensive Services Act. Staff recommends
entering into this contract for the FY2005. A meeting is scheduled for
9:30 a.m. on July 7TM to review this contract.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
contract with Campbell County for duties involved with the Comprehensive
Services Act for FY2005. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)