207
Mr. Phelps continued that he had gotten a cannon expert to give hima
price on restoring the carriages on these two (2) cannons. The price
for restoring both carriages was $6,500.00.
Mr. Phelps provided several scenarios for funding the repair to the
cannons.
Mr. Phelps said he also had some concerns about the proposed Courthouse
project. Mr. Phelps continued that he felt renovation to the present
Courthouse was not an option and that the Board should move forward
with plans for a new facility. Mr. Phelps stated that renovation was
only a stop gap measure and the Board should look to the future. Mr.
Phelps suggested the present Courthouse should be maintained as a
museum.
Mr. Paulette thanked Messers. Phelps and Farley for their comments and
explained the Board would carefully consider their comments.
Mr. Paulette next called Mrs. Joyce Jamerson, Interim Superintendent of
Public Schools and Mr. Billy Perrow, Director of Business, to appear
before the Board.
Mrs. Jamerson began by answering questions of the Board members
concerning the Middle School Project. (Specifically questions
concerning storm water management and poor soil conditions.)
Mrs. Jamerson next requested the Board of Supervisors appropriate
$277,539.00 to the FY97 budget to cover a debt service payment due July
15, 1997.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to hold
a public hearing on June 16, 1997 at 6:45 p.m. in order to amend the
School Boards budget by $277,539.00 for debt service payment due July
15, 1997.
Mrs. Jamerson then asked the Board of Supervisors if they would
consider establishing a capitol improvements fund for the schools and
place any funds remaining at the end of this fiscal year in this fund.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence tc
establish a Capitol Improvement Account for the Schools for any funds
remaining at the end of the year. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Jamerson next presented a revised school budget for FY98
reflecting the new debt service payment and reducing the schools FY98
budget by $28,827.00.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mrs. Jamerson and Mr. Perrow.
Mr. Paulette next asked the other Board members if they were prepared
to adopt the FY98 budget.