277
Ms. Ferguson explained that some of these Planning Commission members do not feel they
should have to fill out an application to be re-appointed to this position. Some others have not
expressed an interest in being re-appointed for various reasons.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to extend the
Planning Commission terms of Al Sears, Steve Conner, Jerry Hughes and Calvin Tanner until
January 31, 2006. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2B. Meeting Room: Ms. Ferguson explained that everyone had a copy of a drawing
provided by David Garrett regarding the way the downstairs of the Town Office could be
laid out as meeting rooms. This is what Town Council was talking about at the joint
meeting held recently. They are requesting that everyone study this proposed layout and
immediately following tonight’s meeting, we will all walk downstairs and actually see
the space that is available. Town Council would like us to make some decision as to
whether or not we would like to go into a joint venture with them on renovating this area.
It looks like a very good plan. This area is also large enough to accommodate both
groups, should there be a conflict in meeting dates. There is also space to hold closed
sessions, as well as the Planning Commission meetings. There would also be a parking
area, handicap parking and easier handicap accessibility.
Town Council has some improvement issues that they need to address and it would be in the best
interest of everyone to really give some serious thought to what we would like to do. Ms.
Ferguson explained that she would be willing to talk with anyone who had any other suggestions
or ideas. Overall, she thinks the layout is a very good one.
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter called Ms. Jan Baker, Acting Unit Coordinator, Virginia
Cooperative Extension to appear before the Board.
Ms. Baker, Eric Eberly, Agricultural & Natural Resources Extension Agent; Bonnie Tilliotson,
4-H Youth Development Program; and Evelyn Ferguson, who serves as the 4-H Extended Food
& Nutrition Program Assistant, will each explain what their area of expertise is and what
changes are taking place involving their programs and services to the citizens of Appomattox
County. Ms. Baker reported for Wanda Evans who was unable to be present.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3-4)
3. APPROVAL OF MINUTES: Please approve minutes of the Special Called
Meeting/Work Session with VDOT on 11/7/05; Regular Meeting on 11/7/05; Public
Hearing on 11/21/05; Regular Meeting on 11/21/05; Joint Meeting with Town Council on
12/5/05; and Public Hearing on PPTRA on 12/12/05.
LINE ITEM TRANSFERS:
4. MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT: The Maintenance Department is requesting that
you transfer $1,166.02 from 4302-3010 to 4302-3002 to pay for work that was necessary
at the Library.