400
Dr. Boone started by bringing everyone up to date on the purpose of this work session.
Dr. Boone stated that the capital improvement evaluation has been done and this information has
been given to the Board of Supervisors, the School Board and the public. Dr. Boone explained
that this evaluation breaks down the individual projects by schools and gives a break-down of
maintenance issues that need to be discussed. Dr. Boone also stated that this evaluation also
gives a total money figure for projects which totals up to about 72 million dollars.
Dr. Boone stated that the main priority at this time is the maintenance, but as far as construction
and renovation we would look at the projected scheduled provided by the architects in the capital
improvement evaluation.
Dr. Boone continued that he feels tonight should be an honest and open discussion about where
we are and what our plans are.
Dr. Boone commented that the economy is in the worst shape that it has been in for a very long
time and then discussed how it is affecting the school systems.
Dr. Boone stated that they are not here to get a commitment from the Board tonight, but to
discuss the next action steps as far as our combined efforts to address the needs of the schools.
Dr. Boone stated that the number one priority would be maintenance and then the Primary
School.
Chairman Craft asked if there was a break-down of the maintenance cost.
Mr. Carter stated that based on the report from Mr. Blair Smith the immediate needs for
maintenance is a cost of about $268,000.
Mr. Carter asked what the waterline cost is referring to. Mr. Perrow explained that is the main
line going into the Primary School building.
Chairman Williams stated that there are other areas that need attention that are not on the priority
list example being lighting at the high school auditorium.
Mr. Tanner asked where the walls of the high school were listed according to the priority list.
Mr. Perrow stated that all the north facing walls in the high school are crumbling where water is
_going in the brick and freezing causing them to crumble.
Mr. Carter questioned what the School Board perceived as being the top five priorities?
Chairman Williams stated that in covering the highest priorities that are listed in the report may
not take care of all the priorities and there may be more things that need to be addressed.