116
Mr. Paulette called the hearing to order, stated the purpose of the
hearing was to receive public comments on the disposal of the old
Pamplin School and lot; and stated the procedure for addressing the
Board.
Mr. Paulette then asked if anyone wished to comment on this issue.
Ms. Margaret Payne came forward and stated she was the Mayor of
Pamplin. Ms. Payne stated Town Council was interested in acquiring
this property in order to attract a business to the Town of Pamplin.
Ms. Payne thanked the Board for their consideration.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Lloyd Cobbs came forward and stated he was a member of Zion Baptist
Church in Pamplin. Mr. Cobb continued they were interested in a
portion of the property behind the old school building being used as a
public playground, for children twelve (12) and under. Mr. Cobb stated
he had circulated petitions in Pamplin City and received approximately
160 names of people in favor of using this property as a playground.
Mr. Cobb also, said he had spoken to Sheriff Staples concerning
monitoring the playground and Sheriff Staples had assured him the
Sheriff’s Department would check this area.
Ms. Susan Hudson came forward and stated her property joined this
property. She continued that she was in favor of the old school
building being used for something but she does have some concerns which
she noted:
1.) Basketball goals were a problem. Little children would be playing
on the playground and the older children would show up and make them
leave;
2.) Loud music was being played which bothered her;
3.) Trash was being left behind;
4.) Cars were parking behind the school after 11:00 at night.
Ms. Hudson continued that she is not in favor of an unsupervised
playground. Ms. Hudson thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette declared the pobite'] ing closed at 6:46
- Shibyé A
Chaitman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on June 3, 1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District