11
you find yourselves in litigation with the very people who could not make the decision in the firstplace. We have to stand up, spend money, because of the failure of other segments of
government not allowing us the right to govern ourselves. We can adopt this ordinance with
restrictions but we cannot guarantee that every load of biosolids that come into our County isabsolutely safe. The people want it banned. Can we get a court order to restrict?
Mr. Moore argued there is no positive evidence, medically proven, of people getting sick.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt ยง170-
135 - Land Application of Biosolids & ยง170-136 Severability of the Biosolids Ordinance as
written.
Discussion continued on adopting the other ordinance and then also put in other restrictions by
amendments or amend and then adopt with public hearing. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 9:34 p.m., Mr. Carter called for a recess/break.
At 9:45 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting in session.
Discussion continued with Mr. Carter clarifying that the Board wished to make the following
changes and/or restrictions to the previous motion made and seconded to the proposed Biosolids
Ordinance:
1. Require injection as the method of spreading to reduce odor and run off.
2. Extend setbacks to 200 ft. from streams, lakes and wells; 400 ft. from homes; and
1000 ft. from schools, churches, rest homes, and town limits.
3. The transportation carrier to obtain a special permit from the County on bringing
biosolids into the County for each application.
4. To ban the application of sludge in the County as soon as the law allows.
5. No land application of biosolids shall occur on slopes in excess of 7 %.
6. Prior to commencing land application of biosolids, property owner shall file an
instrument in the Land Records of Appomattox County stating the tract or tracts
upon which biosolids is land applied and dates of application. A separate
instrument shall be filed in the Land Records for each tract receiving land
application biosolids.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to include these six (6) additional points tothe proposed Biosolids Ordinance amendment. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
4. Tourism Brochures: Mr. John Wilson representing the Appomattox Volunteers for
Tourism Development requested that the Board consider escrowing $1,000.00 to assist