638
Mr. Moore continued by stating that after viewing the baler he feels
that the used baler would be an excellent purchase.
The Board of Supervisors next reviewed a video showing the baler in
operation.
After viewing the video, discussion followed concerning the value of
recycling as much as possible in order to lengthen the life of our
present cell.
Questions were answered by Mr. Peterson concerning the recycling
proposal.
Mr. Spiggle stated that he personally would like to see the County
purchase the baler, hire the personnel and keep any proceeds that the
recycling may generate. He continued by saying that he would like any
profit at the end of the physical year, go into a fund designated for
recycling.
After further discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to purchase the used baler, hire three (3) part-time personnel
for recycling, install 3-phase converter and establish a fund for
recycling. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked the Town Council members for their comments and
support of the recycling program.
Mr. Bill Jamerson was recognized and asked if the Board of Supervisors
was considering further discussion on the prospect of Norman Emanuel
locating a tire recycling operation in Appomattox?
Discussion followed.
Mrs. Ferguson requested an appropriation for the new recycling program
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$38,257.00 for 4207 Recycling. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence requested that the County pay the expenses for Mr. David
Garrett and Mr. Russell Moore for the trip to check the baler, from the!
recycling monies.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$1,455.37 to pay expenses for Mr. Garrett and Mr. Moore to make the
trip to Chicago to check the used baler. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile next asked the Board for Supervisors to invite Mr. Norman
Emmanuel to come before the Board and make a presentation concerning
his operation.