595
Mr, Tanner asked if they would recycle, would that offset the cost of hauling and paying for the
trash. Ms. Rockefeller stated that they can recycle and bring to the landfill for free. Ms.
Rockefeller stated that she would like the Board to consider this when they make a decision.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that if the Board decided to allow small businesses to use the convenience
sites, she would need some criteria to follow when allowing this.
Ms. Rockefeller discussed the waste separation and how we differ from surrounding counties
which is saving the County money.
Ms. Rockefeller discussed the recycling for the Town and stated that the County has several
recycling bins within the Town limits for their use.
Ms. Rockefeller next discussed the convenience center hours and stated that the hours that the
Board decided on for the convenience centers are saving the county money.
Mr. Craft stated that he is in favor of leaving the hours as they were previously approved by the
Board and see how things go.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that this is an adjustment for everyone.
Mr. Carter stated that the purpose of the last Board meeting statement was this could be a
problem during winter hours and he would like the Board to revisit the Convenience Center site
hours again.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that it would take additional staff hours if we were to open each site two
more hours.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not want to micro manage what Ms. Rockefeller is doing but this is
the chatter he is hearing and he feels it is crucial to leave the sites open longer.
Ms. Rockefeller next presented the tire ordinance and stated she would like the Board to act on
this tonight by amending the Solid Waste Ordinance.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Board would need to schedule a public hearing to amend the
Solid Waste Ordinance.
Ms. Rockefeller called for questions that the Board may have on the information that was
presented tonight.
Ms. Ferguson explained that all the information that Ms. Rockefeller has just given the Board are
options and the Board would need to make a decision on what changes they want to see made.
Ms. Rockefeller explained that a non-resident of Appomattox County is requesting to use the
Appomattox County facilities, she explained that we would have to change the ordinance to
allow this and we would have to allow all bordering residents to do this if we allow one.