150
Jerry Hughes
Calvin Tanner
Steve Conner
Robert Johnson
Susan Hudson
Jim Sefter
John Wilson
Marvin Mitchell
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)
Al Sears - Vice Chairman
At 6:33 Mr. Carter opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
Mr. David Garrett, Town Manager of Appomattox and Ms. Nykia Douglas, Region 2000 Regional
Commission are to meet with the Board tonight to discuss the Rural Transportation Planning Grant
to install sidewalks to service the new elementary school. Also a resolution of support and a
matching fund of $675.00 is required.
Mr. Garrett came forward and stated Ms. Douglas was unable to attend. Mr. Garrett stated that the
Town had applied for grants to provide for sidewalks along Lee-Grant Avenue near the new
elementary school. They have received a $9,000.00 planning grant to help pay for the planning and
design of this project. This sidewalk would run from Lee-Grant Avenue and Maple Street along
Lee-Grant into the new elementary school. From the elementary school along Ferguson Street and
into the primary school and eventually into Court Street. In this way, all the schools would
eventually be tied together by sidewalks, allowing the children, if necessary to walk from school to
school safely.
The School Board has provided $500.00 toward the planning grant and hopefully the town and
county to split the remainder. This is a 80/20 matching grant. They would also like to apply for a
construction grant this fall - also a 80/20 match
Mr. Garrett is requesting that the Board of Supervisors provide the $675.00 toward the planning
grant and also adopt the resolution of support.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the contribution of $675.00 toward
this project and also adopt the following resolution of support:
Resolution
WHEREAS, The Town of Appomattox has experienced a tremendous amount of growth
within the last to years, including the addition of anew elementary school within walking distance of
both the primary and high schools; and
WHEREAS, the expansion of neighborhoods and community growth have resulted in the