104
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with
Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that,
to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only
public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the executive meeting were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson reviewed the executive session’s business -
personnel matters relating to Mr. Peterson were discussed and
no action was required, Mr. Lawson informed the Board of the
status of the Norfork Southern lawsuit and no action was
required, Mr. Lawson reviewed the legal requirements of the
Freedom of Information Act and no action was required, Mr.
Lawson informed the Board of the status of the Notestein suit
and Mr. Jamerson asked for a motion in response to this
matter. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to direct the County Attorney, Mr. Thomas W. Lawson, to
notify the County’s special counsel, Mr. Peter L. Trible, of
the April 15, 1993 trial date concerning the Notestein’s
Landfill case and to take appropriate actions to defend the
County. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. ‘Rice to present Administrative
items requiring the Board’s attention. Mr. Rice presented
appropriation requests for January as follows:
GENERAL REVENUE FUND:
For the operation of the Department of Social Services to be
transferred to the VIRGINIA PUBLIC ASSISTANCE FUND and
expended by the Social Services Board.
$47,000.00
For the operation of the General County agencies and services
to be transferred to the GENERAL OPERATING FUND and expended
only on order of the Board of Supervisors as follows:
O01 General Government Administration
011 Legislative
1101 Board of Supervisors 4,000.00