324
Boulevard, looking at the west wing, called the Third Grade Wing; the old part, the
Carver portion; and the Price Annex, built in the 1950’s. The Management Team has
determined that there are a lot of likely uses for parts of this building. What we are
here tonight to talk about is one of the two uses that we feel are the strongest and the
most ready to move forward. One of them being, the Carver-Price Museum, which he
thinks the Board has dealt with. The other is what we are looking at, and that is
putting in the Third Grade Wing or the west wing of the building. On the back of your
hand-out you will see a blown up version of that Third Grade Wing. In that, you will see
up to eight (8) classrooms for Central Virginia Community College. In the middle, is
some shared space for several organizations, including the Virginia Employment
Commission, the Region 2000 Career Center and the Region 2000 Small Business
Development Center. Those areas are going to be areas where people from those
organizations can come into town and meet with clients: someone who wants to start up
a small business; maybe someone needs some financial help for their small business;
looking for a job but don’t know how to get the skills that they need; they can come in
and meet one on one with the organizations. There is also a multi-use and conference
space and also space for the Adult GED Program which Appomattox County School
operates.
The Management Team, working with the architects, HDH Associates, had determined
that this layout is probably the best use of this space. Our next step is tonight where
we present this plan in the public hearing format and we will be putting the application
together over the next two weeks or so, for a due date of March 23, 2006. At the
March 20", Board of Supervisors Meeting, we will be coming back to you with a
Resolution that they will ask to be passed in support of this project. Mr. Smith had
some cost information- the projected total cost of this section, about 15,000 square feet
of building is $1,074,741.00. Out of this, we are allowed to apply for up to $700,000.00
in Community Development Block Grant money. The rest of the funding may come from
a variety of sources including a little bit from the Virginia Tobacco Settlement
Commission, a special congressional appropriation by Congressman Goode, and perhaps
the County of Appomattox and other sources. We are charged right now with is to see
if we can obtain the $700,000.00. There is not match required from the County for this
particular grant like some other grants. However, a match certainly helps.
Central Virginia Community College is also read to move ahead with construction and
developing their program. If things move ahead on schedule they would like to be
having classes here in January 2007 — Spring Semester. Mr. Smith stated that he would
be remiss in his duties if he did not say that this is a hard grant to get. There is only
about $9 million available this year for communities the size of Appomattox around the
State. Fortunately, the bigger cities like Lynchburg, Richmond, Norfolk and places like
that get their own pot of money, so we are not in competition with places like Bedford,
Farmville and places of this size. We will make the best effort with this application that
we can.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Smith for his presentation.
Mr. Milton Chambers — President of the Appomattox Assembly, Inc.: Mr.
Chambers stated that the Appomattox Assembly, Inc. operates out of the Carver-Price