281
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear comments from anyone concerning thils
petition. Hearing none, and being no further stitions to consider MrJamerson declared the Public Hearing closed at tier By
mad:
Chi
[MD RAAN
\
—_-
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s meeting room, Courthouse Square,
Appomattox, Virginia, Tuesday, October 12, 1993 at 7:00 P.M.
Members Present:
Mr. William E. Jamerson, Chairman - Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and
asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Jamerson than called Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board. Mr.
Austin reminded the Board that a Public Hearing on the Six Year Plan
needed to be held in December. After discussion the Board set the date
for December 13, 1993 at 6:00 P.M., in the Courthouse, prior to the
regular Board meeting.
Mr. Austin explained that Virginia Department of Transportation would
put a draft plan together and then schedule a work session prior to the
public hearing to review the plan and make recommendations.
Mr. Jamerson asked the status of the resolution requesting that the
entrance into the Route 604 transfer site be taken into the State
highway maintenance system. Mr. Austin explained that the paper work
has been completed and submitted to the Transportation Board for
approval. The Appomattox Residency has not received a response.
Mr. Carwile questioned Mr. Austin on Route 608 at Concord, traveling
towards Route 609, just a short distance from the intersection of Route
608/609 in a curve, where Ray Woods lives, and proceeding North, for
approximately 1/10 of a mile going towards Peaceful Grove Church. Mr.
Carwile has had several complaints concerning this location. If you
have a rain shower the road surface becomes slick. Mr. Carwile
wondered if Mr. Austin could explain why this area would be like this.
Mr. Austin noted that he could not explain why the surface would be
slick but that he would see about having some gravel put in this area.