690
equipment for the Town and County radio systems. Mr. Wilks continued
that all lines would be underground, therefore, creating a better
system than the present system.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-268 of Phillip L. Nelson to rezone
property from A-1 to B-1 and conditional use permit to allow
construction of metal building to serve as warehouse and distribution
center for animal feed and related products. Property is Tax Map
Parcel 35(A)-33 located on Route 721 between Route 608 and Route 653.
Mr. Paulette called for comments.
Mr. Phillip Nelson came forward and stated his address as Route 2,
Concord, Va. Mr. Nelson explained he presently operated a business at
this location and needed more storage space for the product he sells.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-269 of Wilson and Betty Adams to
rezone property from A-1 to B-1 and construct Florist Shop. Property
is located at intersection of Route 460 and Business 460 at West end of
Pamplin.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments on this petition.
Mr. Wilson Adams came forward and gave his address as Route 1, Box 193
Pamplin, Virginia. Mr. Adams explained he would own and operate a
floral shop at this location. He continued to explain he felt there
was a need for this type of business in the Pamplin area. Mr. Adams
asked that his request be granted.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette recessed the meeting at 7:20 P.M. until
immediately following the Planning Commission meeting.
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on September 18, 1995 at 8:25 P.M., Courthouse, Courthouse Square
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District