062
seven (7) days prior to the scheduled event and no
rental fees will be refunded within seven (7) days of
the scheduled event.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile suggested and the Board agreed by consensus this
policy be published on the application.
Mr. Rice informed the Board that in order to vote for Mr.
John Purcell, Jr. for Virginia Association of Counties’ Board
of Directors, a proxy must be filed since no one from the
County will be at the annual meeting. Mrs. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to file a proxy vote for Mr.
John Purcell, Jr. for the VACO Board of Directors. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board Mr. Barry Sauls has examined the
boxwoods in front of the Courthouse and feels they have grown
too large for the root system to support. Mr. Sauls suggests
they be cut back or removed and replaced with smaller bushes.
After discussing the situation, Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to ask Mr. Sauls and his high school
horticulture class to help replace the boxwood bushes the
costs of the trees are to be borned by the County. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board the County had received the
long awaited "Establishment Guidelines" from the State for
the Disabilities Services Board. After discussing the
requirements, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to participate in establishing a regional Disabilities
Services Board with the other jurisdictions from the Central
Virginia Planning District in accord with the following draft
resolution:
RESOLUTION OF THE CENTRAL VIRGINIA PLANNING DISTRICT
COMMISSION
ESTABLISHMENT OF A DISABILITY SERVICES BOARD
At a regularly scheduled meeting of the Central Virginia
Planning District Commission held on the 12th day of
November, nineteen hundred and ninety-two there were
of the nineteen Commissioners present.
WHEREAS, Section 51.5-47 of the Code of Virginia provides for
the establishment of a Disability Services Board;
WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Central Virginia Planning
District Commission to establish a Board, with the
intent of implementing the provisions of Section 51.5-47
of the Code of Virginia now therefore,
BE IT RESOLVED that there be established by the Central
Virginia Planning District Commission, a Disability