204
Mr. Perkins stated he feels that the communities perception of the Board is that you do
not care about the youth. He feels that when there is no money in the budget from year to
year citizens question him as to why, he does not have an answer for them.
Mr. Perkins stated he hopes that this park does not tum into a fifteen year project.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Perkins for coming out tonight and also stated appreciation for
each of the volunteers and their dedication.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Paul Lee from Robison F. armer Cox to come before
the board and present the Annual Financial report for fiscal year ended June 30, 2007.
Mr. Lee stated that the audit went very well this year. He continued that there have been
some major changes in the auditing standards which required the County to post all the
accrual entries to the general ledger. Mr. Lee stated this was a major change from what
we have done in the past and he also commend and congratulated the staff in the
Treasurer’s and Administrators offices for work that has been done and felt that it was abig undertaking.
Mr. Lee explained that the County has finished the year with 4.4 million dollars in the
general fund unreserved.
Mr. Lee also called the Board’s attention to the tables in the back of the audit report and
to look at table 5 which is the delinquent tax report. This table gives you a good feel on
how to budget for taxes and shows how well you have done in collecting taxes.
Mr. Lee again stated the County has accomplished a major accomplishment by being ablepost all accruals.
Mr. Lee thanked the Board and called for any questions. With no questions Chairman
Craft continued with Administrative Item #1 Property and Liability Insurance.
Ms. Ferguson explained that she had met with Stephanie Heintzleman and she has
addressed the issues of concern that the Board had. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has
spoken with other localities and they are satisfied with this insurance and feels that all the
concerns the Board had have been addressed and there does not seem to be any major
issues. Ms. Ferguson explained to the Board how the change would occur if they choose
to go with VACo.
Mr, Conrad stated that most all localities in state are using this insurance. This insurance
is also reflecting a $9,000 savings in insurance premiums. He feels that the Board needs
to look at going with VACo insurance.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he had reviewed the insurance bid several weeks ago and the
Board would not have to go through a procurement process for this.