066
Proposed Distribution of Lottery Revenues for Public Education for the
Governor’s Proposed 1996-1998 Budget was presented and adopted.
TermWHEREAS, the Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia has propose
to return $15 million dollars in lottery profits in FY 1998; to local
school divisions; and,
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors commends the
Governor for his action that will provide $41,350 in Lottery Revenues
for FY 1998; and,
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, as well as other local governments are
facing major increases in local costs to fund public education to meet!
education initiatives such as class-size reduction, teacher
compensation, school safety, class-room computers and networking
technology, and school construction; and,
WHEREAS, the Governor has indicated that this was part of a
multi-year plan, there is no specific proposal that identified future
years funding; and,
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia has collected in excess of
$1.8 Billion in lottery gross profits since it’s inception; and,
WHEREAS, Appomattox County generated lottery profits have
contributed $2,416,334 Dollars to the Commonwealth’s lottery gross
profit for fiscal year 94-95; now,
BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of the County
of Appomattox that a permanent lottery distribution formula be hereby
established by the Commonwealth of Virginia, and that formula take into
consideration the return of lottery profits to the localities from
which that profit was generated; and,
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that these lottery profits being returned
to the locality be based on a percentage of no less than fifty (50)
percent of the lottery profits generated in that locality.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a lease agreement from Central Virginia Area
Agency on Aging and also the contract for services with the Appomattox
Health Department.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to sign the lease
agreement with Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging for October 15,
195 through September 30, 1996; and FY95-96 contract with the
Department of Health for Appomattox Health Department. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented the resolution for the Juvenile Detention
Agreement with the City of Lynchburg and explained this item would be
continued until a later date. Mr. Paulette explained the nature of the