368
months. Continuing at the present rate, with no stoppage, bids could be due by the end of October
2000.
Mr. Kendrick asked the School Board if they had to eliminate one thing, what would it be?
Mr. Mitchell suggested the Gymnasium.
Mrs. Marston stated the gym was needed because there was no large assembly space anywhere else
in the building. The primary school was functioning with the overcrowded building and possibly
could continue.
Question was asked regarding additional cost for seating in gymnasium? Answer - $250,000.
One theory of saving money would be the buying of furniture and technology through the operating
budget, rather than loading the loan with this expense. This involves approximately $500,000.
By purchasing these things as we go along or buy them for the present building and move them later,
this could lower the amount of money we need to borrow.
Mr. Moore asked if any furniture would be moved to the new building. They did use some of the
newer furniture when the Middle School was renovated.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Pickett if it was the consensus of the School Board to proceed with the plan
as it was presented and if the School Board would support this concept. The School Board would
also be accountable to the taxpayers.
Mr. Pickett’s reply was that most of the School Board members like this concept.
Mr. Moja stated the School Board has officially accepted the project as it now stands.
There was some discussion concerning holding off any decision on stopping
Architectural/Engineering work until after the County Board of Supervisors meets with Davenport
on August 3%, 2000.
Mr. Carroll will present the four (4) options to Davenport prior to the August 3", meeting.
Mr. Moore stated the Board of Supervisors had one item of business to consider.
Mr. Moore stated the Planning Commission has recommended approval of Petition #00-440 - James
and Scheli Seay for a Conditional Use Permit to allow additional dwelling on single lot. Property
is part of Tax Map No. 19-A-37 and 38 and is zoned A-1. Property is located on Route 686 between
Route 615 and Route 663.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the Planning Commission’s
recommendation to approve Petition #00-440 to allow additional dwelling on single lot. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.