451
Mr. Torrence told Mr. Stacey that he had pulled some cards and done
some comparisons to the last reassessment and he finds that the
property values on farmland and woodland are way out of line. Mr.
Torrence continued by giving some examples. Mr. Torrence felt that
these land values should not be doubling.
Mr. Stacey stated that he could shed some light on this. Mr. Stacey
continued by saying that he and the Board of Assessor’s would be
personally reviewing each parcel of property in the County and if they
find the values too high, they will make adjustments at that time. He
also explained that in the cases of timberland, the timber value was
probably not included in the last reassessment. Mr. Stacey said that
he has spoken with the forestry department, the Department of Taxation
and other assessors and they say to asset the timber as if there were
no damage from the ice storms or beetle infestation and have the owner
provide documentation to prove damage. Mr. Stacey continued, that in
looking at the sales figures, there was very little difference in
property values around Town and those out in the County. Mr. Stacey
stated that the law requires that the property be assessed at 100% of
fair market value.
Mr. Paulette commented that the Board could adjust the rate if the
values increase to this degree. Mr. Paulette continued that he feels
that the present assessment was closer to 60% of fair market value.
Mr. Torrence stated that from what he has seen it appears that woodland
and farmland assessments were way out of line.
Mr. Carwile stated that he has listened carefully to the discussion and
feels that all that has been discussed is farm land and timberlands.
He said that he would hope that Mr. Stacey would continue to do his
job, as he has been. Mr. Carwile said that he appreciated the fact
that Mr. Stacey did not want the names of the people and felt that it
was best not to know those names.
Mr. Torrence requested that Mrs. Ferguson bring some comparisons on
residential assessments to the July meeting.
Mr. Stacey requested that the Board revise his payment schedule. He
explained that 1/4 of the field work is done and the background work is
complete. He felt that most of the work would be complete by December
1994. Mr. Stacey requested a third of his payment in July 1994 and
depending on how much he had complete 1/3 the next quarter and so on,
with the County holding a retainer until the book is signed.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay Mr. Stacey a
third of his bid price in July 1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. Stacey.
Mr. Torrence presented the next item for discussion, School Board
appointments.