on
~
w
Mr. Kendrick - No, stated he would have to go with the majority.
Mr. Moore then stated we agreed to stick with the original decision regardless of what it was because
we could open up a “can of worms” and we would never get through with the process.
Mr. Kendrick stated he felt the Road Naming Committee did follow the guidelines given to them.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisor’s Concerns.
Having no Supervisor’s Concerns, Mr. Kendrick addressed the next item on the Agenda:
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Biosolids Ordinance: The Planning Commission has presented a proposed Ordinance for
the Boards consideration. The Board needs to schedule public hearing before this ordinance
can be adopted.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to hold a public hearing on the Biosolids
Ordinance on September 4, 2001 at 7:00 P.M. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Elementary School Financing: The Board needs to pass a resolution which would allow
the financing of the school construction project. If approved, the school administration and
County staff will submit the VPSA application prior to the deadline of September 4", 2001.
A public hearing would also need to be held on September 17", 2001. This financing would
provide for retirement of the SunTrust note and also provide the additional financing needed
to complete the school project. Also enclosed schedule for the VPSA bond sale for review.
After some discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the following
resolution and to hold a public hearing on September 17, 2001.
AUTHORIZATION RESOLUTION
APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
AS TO SCHOOL PROJECT
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox, Virginia (the “County”) is a political
subdivision organized and existing under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and
WHEREAS, the Superintendent of the Appomattox County Public School (the
“Superintendent”) has brought to the attention of the County Board of Supervisors (the “Board
of Supervisors”) the need for capital improvements to the Appomattox Elementary School
facility (the “Project”); and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors intends for application to be made for the County
to participate (the ““Application”) in the Interest Rate Subsidy Financing through the Virginia
Public School Authority, (the “VPSA”) School Financing Bonds Series 2001 B in relation to the