302
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. National Park Service Memorandum of Understanding: We have
received a draft Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the National
Park service and Appomattox County. The purpose of this MOU is to
formalize the involvement of the County as a partner in the development of
the Environment Impact Statement and the General Management Plan
currently under development by the Park Service relating to A.C.H.N.HP.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
authorize the County Administrator to sign this Memorandum of Understanding.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. E-911 Project — We have received a proposed change order to the E-911
project. The change order addresses implementation delays that the
project is currently experiencing. The state has experienced delays getting
the necessary road centerline data to the County’s consultant
(TIMMONS). The cost of this change order is $1,000 and would decrease
the implementation process
Staff recommends that the Board approve the change order in the amount
of $1,000 to speed up the E-911 implementation process and authorize the
County Administrator to execute the change order.
There was some question about the State experiencing delays.
Mr. Carroll stated that the State is providing the centerline data for all the roads in
the County. We have digital ortho-photography provided by the State. They are
in the process of overlaying the centerlines over the ortho-photography. The
concern is, if the centerline data is not correct, and the addressing is done, the
road may end up being up to one-half mile longer or shorter than it is actually.
Therefore, all the addresses may be incorrect and have to be restructured.
TIMMONS is proposing that for an additional $1,000 they would begin
identifying structures/private roads now as opposed to waiting for the centerline
information to be corrected. We have also been granted an extension until
November, 2004.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding whether or not the spending of this
money would be worth the eight weeks saved because we could run into another
delay further down the road.
The Board by consensus decided not to approve the Change Order.
Mr. Carter next called for the Agenda Items: (items 4-13)
4. Approval of Bills: Approve bills as presented.