341
A.R. “Chip” Padgett of Piney Mountain Road stated he felt that before the next public
meeting the notice published in the newspaper should state exactly what the ordinance
will and will not cover and who is “grandfathered” and who is not because there is a lot
of confusion regarding what it does and does not effect. This is why you have the large
turnout tonight.
Mr. Jesse Rosser of the Town of Appomattox referred to an article in the TIMES
VIRGINIAN on 8-13-2003 and I quote “each day when he drives home, he sees four or
five uninhabited mobile homes on his road. A sight he described as a shame and
disgrace. Many of the neighbors have complained”. He can understand the concern for
trailers used for storage in the town limits but not in the county. The county really gives
him cause for concern. Our rights are slowly being attacked on the Federal level; prayer
at VMI, posting of the Ten Commandments, etc., must we loose the ability to use our
assets as we see fit in Appomattox County. We need to look at this problem from another
aspect. Condemn unsightly storage trailers or buildings, etc., have the County purchase
the units and dispose of them; have landscaping requirements to hide these from view or
a special use tax for these trailers. Why throw away a reusable asset. We do not need an
ordinance as the one proposed.
Mr. Gerald Hodge, Route 608, Piney Mountain Road — He has set up enough trailers to
know that a lot of the old ones are a lot better made than the newer ones. Has
consideration been given to the hardship this will place on the citizens. When you
purchase a new one, you don’t get much for the old one and some like to keep the old one
as a storage building, workshop, art studio, etc. Where will these units be disposed of
when this ordinance is passed?
Mr. Johnny Knight of Route 604, Appomattox.- He thought the Board of Supervisors
had a lot of work to do, instead of going around picking on the citizens. If you do not
want to look at his property when you pass, you can look across the road.
Ms. Jenny Hawthorne, Route 728, Spout Spring — She moved here from Farmingdale,
N.J., she liked it there. She does not want to see what happened in Farmingdale, to
happen to Appomattox.
Mr. Buck Hawthorne, Route 938, Spout Spring - He would like to know the meaning of
“grandfathering”. Who is to govern when a unit was set up, before or after the ordinance
being in place.
Mr. Stidham defined the “grandfathering” clause for Mr. Hawthorne.
Mr. Gene Woody, Route 691, Appomattox — He has a mobile home he is currently using
for storage. He wants to dispose of it. He called the landfill and was told it could not be