148
in a public setting if this is what the Board would like to do. We, cannot, have
any type of negotiation meetings.
By consensus, the Board requested Mrs. Ferguson to contact Allied Waste and invite
them to a future board meeting to discuss their offer of transferring solid waste for the
County. It was also suggested that she invite Delegate Watkins Abbitt.
3. Also the question was raised regarding increasing the Personal Property Tax rate
as opposed to the Real Estate Tax rate. She researched this and found our
effective rate is $1.75 per hundred and the rate we show is $3.50 per hundred.
This is based on the assessment value. It is also too late in the year to raise the
Personal Property Taxes as this would have to be advertised for two weeks
before having a public hearing, etc. In order to generate the same amount of
revenue from Personal Property taxes as we are from the six cents ($0.06)
increase in Real Estate taxes, the increase would have to be $1.00 per hundred.
Also, we have to adopt a balanced budget, so we have to increase the Real Estate
Taxes to $0.72 per hundred of assessed value for the FY2006 Budget.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to increase
the Real Estate Taxes to $0.72 per hundred of assessed value. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Moore, made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the FY2006 budget for
$29,035,808.00. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 8:05 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to adjourn. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, June 6, 2005 the Appomattox Coun
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in Council Ch
located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
ty Board of Supervisors held its regularly
ambers of the Appomattox Town Office
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District