from committing a serious crime resulting in incarceration, which over the
long term would be more costly.
I would strongly encourage the Board to seriously reconsider your actions and complete
the work plan, along with a letter of request and forward this to Richmond in order to
receive the $40,000 grant for this office.
(2) The second concern that I have is with what plans there are for the present
elementary school when the new elementary school is built. I do not think
that we need that facility to set there vacant and become an eyesore for the
Town and County. I would encourage you to appoint a blue ribbon committee
made up of representatives of the Board of Supervisors, School Board and
citizens to study possible uses and present options to be considered by the two
Boards. Please keep in mind that this building has a significant and historical
value to many Appomattox County citizens.
I would appreciate your consideration of both of these concerns at your July 19" meeting.
Sincerely,
J. Franklin Vaughan
July 8, 1999
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
P. O. Box 863
Appomattox, VA 24522
RE: Director of Youth Services
Gentlemen:
It was with deep regret to learn that the position of Director of Youth Services had been
abolished when the grant expired. As former principal of Appomattox County High
School, I had had the opportunity to work with Al Jones as director. He was a member of
the team on whom you could rely to make a difference with students and parents who
needed direction, understanding, encouragement, and expectations. Whenever it was
necessary to call Mr. Jones, he was expeditiously responsive and persistently followed up
with the parents, student, and school administration.
The assistance provided to the community, the judicial and school systems, and to the
individual student and his/her parents through the Director of Youth Services, and
namely via Al Jones, is sorely needed in Appomattox County. Please reconsider your
decision and fund this position to provide the guidance for which our at-risk students are
yearning.