99
11. James River Advisory Council: James B. Donati, Jr., Co-Chair of the James
River Advisory Council is providing information related to the most recent clean-
up day held Saturday, June 9, 2007.
12. Employee Certification: In order for Appomattox County to continue to be
eligible for Homeland Security funding a select group of employees are required
to take NIMS training. The following employee has completed the IS-00700, the
1S-00100 and the IS-00200 which is what is required for their level of training.
e Anne H, Dixon
In the event of any type disaster these individuals have vital roles in managing
the disaster.
13. Appomattox County Public Schools Monthly Financial Report: Monthly
financial report for August 2007 for the public school system.
14. Disaster Designation: Information concerning the resolution that was
adopted requesting that Appomattox County be designated a disaster area due
to severe drought conditions.
15. Departmental Reports:
Animal Control
Assistant County Administrator
Appomattox Parks, Recreation & Tourism
Appomattox County Victim/Witness Program
Office of Building and Housing
Mr. Carter asked if Ms, Scott had submitted a report for this month.
Ms, Ferguson stated she thought Ms. Scott was out around that time.
Mr. Conrad thinks we should be hearing from the Disaster Resolution shortly.
16. Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad: He has received a report of someone selling cars in a residential area. He
is going to check on this and report back to the Board.
At 7:30 p.m. Ms. Kelly Hitchcock arrived and Mr. Carter asked her to address the
Board regarding an update on the Appomattox Heritage Trail project.
Ms. Hitchcock presented a handout map of the proposed trails. They have enlisted the
pro bono services of a firm out of Richmond to design these trails. The first step is to
develop a trail through the Industrial Park. She reported that they attended the EDA
meeting on September 13, 2007 and they approved the availability of the trail to go
through their property. They are proposing to have a Community meeting at the
Appomattox Town Office on October 11, 2007 at 6:30 p.m. The goal is to submit the
Safety Loop Application by November, 2007.