102
3. All-in Debt Service:
The total debt service via the Private Placement approach is less than that of
the current estimate provided by VRA.
With an already substantial amount of savings through the Private
Placement approach, the risk exposure is prevalent and will very likely
increase the disparity between the two approaches (in favor of the Private
Placement approach).
4. Interest Rates:
As we speak, the Fed is raising rates, so the ability to lock-in on a known
fixed rate is paramount.
The next recommended steps would be:
1. Approval of Resolution from the Board of Supervisors
2. Schedule IDA meeting to review the financing and consider Resolution
3. Close on transaction by May 12, 2005.
After much discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt
the following bond resolution pending approval by the County Attorney:
RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
OF THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia (the
“Board of Supervisors”) directed Davenport & Company LLC (the "Financial
Advisor") to prepare a Request for Proposals (the "RFP") to obtain financing proposals
to pay the costs of the acquisition, design, construction and equipping of (i) a new
Animal Shelter Facility (the “Animal Shelter Project”), (ii) an enhanced E-911
emergency dispatch facility (the “E-911 Project”) and (iii) the closure of an existing cell
at the County Landfill and the installation of a new cell at the County landfill (the
“Landfill Project”, together, the Animal Shelter Project, E-911 Project and the
Landfill Project are referred to as the “Projects”);
WHEREAS, the Financial Advisor has received responses to the RFP that reflect
attractive financing for the Projects and, after reviewing the responses, the Financial
Advisor along with the County's Bond Counsel, Sands Anderson Marks & Miller
("Bond Counsel") has recommended that the Board of Supervisors select the proposal
from Branch Banking & Trust (the "BB&T Proposal");
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has reviewed each of the responses and
recommendations from the Financial Advisor and Bond Counsel and has determined that
the BB&T Proposal is the most beneficial response to the RFP and provides attractive
financing terms for the Projects and the Board of Supervisors on behalf of the County
desires to accept such BB&T Proposal and proceed with the financing reflected therein;