480
The theme for the Vision of the Schools for the past several years has been “Learning
and Succeeding in a Caring Environment”. Everyone needs to be successful whether
they are students or staff. Dr. Krug also talked about the goals of how to prepare the
students for a higher education, job skills and work ethics, career options, the world of
technology, citizenship and community service and being a well-rounded individual.
Dr. Krug discussed the various types of school districts:
Failing School District:
Minimal School District:
Adequate School District:
Cutting Edge School District:
In his opinion, Dr. Krug sees some dangerous signs. Our school are better than minimal
but he is not sure they are moving in the right direction.
Dr. Krug stated that one of the things that needed to be done was the preparing of a
budget and he wanted everyone to understand what the legal requirements are for the
School Board in preparing their budget. The Code states “ It shall be the duty of each
division superintendent to prepare, with the approval of the school board, and submit to
the governing body or bodies appropriating funds for the school division (by April 1) the
estimate of the amount of money deemed to be needed during the next fiscal
year for the support of the public schools of the school division.” — The School
Board has to deem what will be needed for next year and that has to be presented
through a budget to the Board of Supervisors.
There was some discussion of how the School Board derived at what items were
necessary for the operation of the Schools for the upcoming budget year, salaries and
benefits, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Title Grant Funds and other state and federal
standards that must be met.
Dr. Krug also addressed the salary differences for Appomattox County as compared to
those of surrounding counties not only for teachers but also support staff as well. Also it
has frequently been stated that the central office of the School Board was overstaffed.
This is not true, we fall behind the surrounding counties of Buckingham, Charlotte and
Prince Edward in staff ratio.
Dr. Krug stated that our school system is showing ominous sings of a downward spiral:
- Losing ground in salaries and benefits
- Losing programs for general student population
- Not keeping up with purchase of school buses
- Not keeping up with maintenance of facilities
Dr. Krug gave an overview of the Budgeted Resources from 1999 to 2004 and Mr.
Perrow presented a chart of the actual revenues, broken down by State Revenues, Local
Revenues, Sales Taxes and Federal Revenues. This chart also showed Debt Service.
The School Board will hold a Public Hearing on February 25, 2004 to receive public input
on the Budget for the upcoming year.