18
presented by D. L. Austin, Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of
Transportation and,
WHEREAS, the proposed priority list for the 2005-2206 Secondary Road Construction
Budget was also presented for consideration.
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Secondary Road Improvement Six-Year Plan for 2005-06
thru 2010-11 is hereby approved.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the priority list for the 2005-06 Secondary Road
Construction Budget is hereby approved.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4 Committee/Board Appointments:
a) Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County: There
are several vacancies on the Industrial Development Authority that need
to be filled. James A. (Buddy) Conner and Winfred Nash have agreed to
fill these vacancies.
Also, we need to recognize Mr. Richard Robinson and Mr. Danny Moon for
their service and dedication for serving on this Authority in the past.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to appoint James A. (Buddy)
Conner and Winfred Nash to the Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox
County Mr. Conner is appointed for a four (4) year term beginning immediately and
ending December 31, 2008 and Mr. Nash will serve the remainder of Richard Robinson’s
term beginning immediately and ending December 31, 2006. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
b) Regional Commission — Greenways Program Development Team:
On February 17, 2004, the Board adopted the Region 2000 Greenways
and Blueways Plan which provides a framework of hiking/biking trails and
waterways for recreational, tourism, and alternative transportation
purposes. Now, the Regional Commission is forming a Greenways
Program Development Team that would work over the next 12-15
months to develop a long-term oversight structure for implementation of
the Region 2000 Greenways and Blueways Plan, including bylaws, public
outreach and coordination with other programs such as transportation
and economic development. Appomattox County needs to appoint a
representative to this Team.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to appoint John Spencer,
Assistant County Administrator, as the representative to the Greenways Program
Development Team with Ms. Susan Hudson of Pamplin Town Council, serving as
alternate. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)