364
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5- Application for Fireworks Permit
and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the Permit for Fireworks Display for the Historic
Appomattox Railroad Festival. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #6 — Resolution for the Greenway Master
Plan and called for discussion.
Resolution of Adoption
The Appomattox Greenway Masterplan-
A Vision for your Future
WHERAS, Appomattox County is committed to the preservation and enhancement of the
historic, cultural and resources within the County; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, in partnership with the Town of Appomattox, received.
technical assistance through the National Park Service Rivers, Trails, and Conservation
Assistance Program to assist in developing a connection vision for the Appomattox community;
and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County and Town and the Appomattox Court House National
Historical Park, formed the Appomattox Heritage and Recreational Trail Planning Team,
AHRTPT, to investigate opportunities for creating pedestrian connections within the community;
and.
WHERAS, the AHRTPT developed and the Appomattox County adopted The Appomattox
Heritage and Recreational! Trail Plan — A Vision of Connectivity as a conceptual plan for
development of pedestrian trail that would connect the Town of Appomattox with the
Appomattox County Community Park and the Appomattox Court House National Historical
Park; and
WHEREAS, the National Park Service and the American Society of Landscape Architects
formed a partnership to promote assistance to local governments to promote greenway planning
projects; and
WHEREAS, the Richmond landscape architecture firm of design forum Incorporated, through
public input and planning expertise, developed The Appomattox Greenways Master Plan - A
Vision for your Future, a comprehensive master plan that highlights both on-road and off-road
pedestrian connections that will enhance the community resources and provide healthy lifestyle
and quality of life benefits to the community;