478
Martin had no objections to Mr. Jones rezoning property on the south side of Route 460
but he was opposed to rezoning the property on the north side of Route 460. Mr. Carter
asked the Board to deny this request and maintain the integrity of the community.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Vicky Reagan came forward and stated her address as Route 1, Spout Spring,
Virginia. Mrs. Reagan explained that she was opposed to the rezoning of the property on
the north side of Route 460 because this property was residential in nature. Mrs. Reagan
read sections from the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance that she felt supported
denial of Mr. Jones’ request for rezoning. Mrs. Reagan stated in closing that she was not
opposed to the rezoning of the property on the south side of Route 460 for business in
order for Mr. Jones to install his signs.
Miss Mary Dickey came forward and stated that she was the daughter of Mrs. Vicky
Reagan and that she lived on property that joined Mr. Jones’ property. Miss Dickey
continued that she was opposed to the rezoning of the property in front of her home
because she wanted to see this area continue to be a residential area. She asked the Board
to consider the stress factor involved in having a business in your front yard.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-352 of Frances Chambers for a variance to
paragraph 170-80A of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance pertaining to side yard
setback of dwelling. Property is Tax Map #20-3-7D and is located on Route 616 between
Route 684 and Route 615.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Ms. Frances Chambers came forward and gave her address as Route 3 Box 165,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Chambers explained that she has owned this property since
1974 and that she wishes to put a mobile home on the property. Mrs. Chambers asked
the Board to grant her request for variance.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none and being no further petitions, Mr. Bosiger declared the public hearing
closed at 7:35 P.M.
Ltn Led se Ly
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman