564
WHEREAS, the vigorous and enthusiastic participation and dedication of the
membership of this body is critical to the success of the Economic Development Authority;
and
WHEREAS, Cecil Wooldridge has faithfully served as a member of the Economic
Development Authority and has recently chosen to retire his seat on this body.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT PROCLAIMED this 18" Day of December, 2006, that
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors extends its profound appreciation to Mr.
Wooldridge for his diligence, hard work, and dedication to serving his community.
9. Lease Agreement — School Wrestling Program: Ms. Ferguson has been
working with the insurance company, building inspector, recreation department
and the County Attorney trying to pull together a lease agreement that would
accommodate the high school wrestling program and yet cover the County. A
lease agreement was presented to the School System for the School Board
meeting held on December 14, 2006.
Recommendation is that the Board accept the lease for the use of the gym by
the high school wrestling program.
Mr. Armbrust stated that sometime ago, we discussed the using of the gymnasium in
the old elementary school by the high school wrestling team as the space they are
currently using for practice at the high school is very small. The wrestling team would
put down their mats and remove them after practice, allowing the space to be used for
other things. He feels this is an opportunity for the kids.
Mr. Conrad stated that based on the agreement, we need to know that the School Board
is in agreement. He is especially in agreement with the first paragraph in Section One —
“Access by the Lessee during the lease term shall only be at those times and dates as
authorized in advance by the Appomattox County Administrator”. He is also confident
that this lease will cover the County in case of any accidents.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had not heard from the School Board since their meeting on
the 14" of the month. They were going to review the requirements of the lease and get
back with her. Hopefully, they will get back to her by the end of the week.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the lease between the
County of Appomattox and the School Board of Appomattox County for use of the
gymnasium at the old elementary school by the Appomattox High School Wrestling
Team. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
(see Board File)
10. Resource Conservation Plan: The County Planner and the Planning
Commission have been working on developing a Resource Conservation Plan
as a part of the Community Development Plan. They feel that they are ready
to present that document for public comment.