403
(Business 460) and Park Street (Route 1109) for the purpose of placing a kennel
on the property. The subject property is zoned Agricultural District, A-1 (County)
and Village Center District , V-1 (Town)and is identified as Tax Map Number
111(A1-(A)-6. The majority of the property is located in Appomattox County
with a portion lying within the corporate limits of the Town of Pamplin.
Planning Commission recommended by a vote of 8-0 that the above conditional
use permit request be approved with the following conditions:
1. The applicant shall comply with all rules and regulations concerning
commercial kennel operations in accordance with the Virginia Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services, Office of Veterinary Services.
2. A 25’ buffer will be maintained along the southern property line
(Wingfield).The buffer area shall contain a privacy fence (minimum 6’ tall) in
the area from the house/office to the play areas as designated on the
concept plan submitted with the application.
3. A 25’ buffer shall be maintained along the northern property line (Munsey)
from the western corner near Swan Road for a distance of 100’ east. This
buffer area shall be filled with large evergreen trees a minimum of five (5)
feet tall at the time of planting. The trees shall be planted every 20’ feet on
center and staggered.
4. All exterior lighting fixtures shall be arranged, directed, and shielded
downward so as not to reflect any glare outward towards adjourning streets
or properties. At no point shall the glare from these lights exceed 0.5 foot
candle power at the property lines.
5. All outdoor runs, training areas, and pens associated with the kennel shall be
set back a minimum of sixty (60) feet from any property line.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Roark for comments from the Planning Commission. Also Pamplin
Town Council has approved this petition and have added several conditions. These
conditions only apply to this area that is in the Pamplin Town limits, about 1/10 of an
acre or so thatis in the front corner along Swan Road.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to table
this issue until the County Attorney has reviewed these conditions. This item will be
placed on the agenda for the June 19" meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Holiday Request: Mrs. Belter, Treasurer and Barry Morris, Librarian, have
requested that the Board of Supervisors close County Offices on Monday July 3%
in addition to Tuesday, July 4", 2006
Mr. Craft stated the Board of Supervisors was scheduled to meet on Monday, July 3%,
2006. He also stated that to open offices for one day and then shut them down again,
would cost more in the long run.
Mr. Carter stated he agreed with Mr. Craft.