260
Mr. Carter stated that the County Board of Supervisors is currently in a dilemma
and we need to decide which way we are going. We need to determine if
funding is available to renovate the Courthouse or either we need to go full
fledge with the concept the Town Council is presenting.
Mr. Spiggle stated that Town Council needed to get started as soon as possible,
as they were having some leaks in the roof and other problems. Unless the
County wanted to join in this renovation, Council would not need to move to the
lower level, they would just repair the roof and do other minor repairs and
continue to use their present Council Chambers for their meetings as they do not
need as large a room as the County Board of Supervisors.
Update on E911:
Ms. Ferguson gave a brief update on the E911 system. There have been a few
snags on getting the addresses changed over. We also had some damage to
one of the large units when it was delivered. Hopefully, by May, 2006, we will
be up and running. Most of the town addresses have been put up and Mr.
Wingfield continues to address new residences in the County. Renovations to
the Communications Center are complete but we are still waiting on some
equipment. Mr. Wingfield has moved into the building and anyone who wishes
to tour the facility, feel free to go by. Mr. Winfield will be glad to show you
around.
Update on the Animal Pound:
Ms. Ferguson provided a progress report on the completion of the new Animal
Pound. There have been quite a few problems encountered with this facility.
Hopefully it will be ready for occupancy within the next month. Feel free to
contact Mr. Martin if you would like to see this new facility.
Update on the Landfill:
The Landfill application for permitting a new cell is well underway. We had to
request a variance on a liner which has been done and the proper documents
have been filed. We are waiting for the permitting to be completed.
Regional Jail Request:
As you are aware, we have been considering the possibility of entering into a
regional jail concept which started out with Appomattox, Amherst and Nelson
looking at this possibility. Nelson County is already in a regional jail with
Albemarle and they have decided to stay in that facility. Three partners are
needed to participate in a regional jail concept. We are now looking at the
possibility of Amherst and Appomattox entering into partnership with Blue Ridge
Regional Jail facility. We should know something more definite by late spring or
mid-summer.
At 7:55 p.m. the Town Council adjourned it meeting.
Mr. Carter next presented several ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS for the Board’s
consideration: