100
Mr. Armburst asked about the surface treatment of the trails.
Ms. Hitchcock asked if he was referring to crush run, paved, etc. They will be working
on this over the next few months trying to decide what is best. These trails will be ADA
accessible but these details will have to be worked out. There are a lot of pieces yet to
be determined.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Hitchcock for her report.
Mr. Carter then called Ms. Walton and Mr. Weakley to address the Board.
Ms. Susan Walton and Shane Weakley, Appomattox Rescue Squad: Ms. Walton
and Mr. Weakley have requested a time on the agenda to request that you schedule a
public hearing to adopt a proposed ordinance officially allowing the rescue squad to
recover their cost for services. They would like to have you adopt this ordinance as soon
as possible so if you could schedule the public hearing for the first meeting in October
they would be grateful.
Ms. Walton stated they have been working with Ms. Ferguson and Mr. Carter in some
committee meetings. The number one priority from these meetings is to start charging
for services. What they are asking for is basically a formality stating the Board is giving
them permission to proceed with their plans.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Gladstone Rescue Squad had not been included in this
ordinance and she would be reviewing this document and making additions as
necessary.
A public hearing is scheduled for this Ordinance on October 1, 2007 at 6:15 p.m. at the
Community Center.
17. Closed Session: A closed session is required in accordance with §2.2-3711.A.1
and §2.2-3711.A.3 to discuss real estate acquisition and personnel matters
respectively.
At 7:50 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to enter into a closed
session as per the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a real estate acquisition
and personnel matters respectively. Section 2.2-3711.A.1 — Assignment, appointment,
promotions, performance, demotions, salaries, disciplining or resignations of specific
public officers, appointees or employees of any public body and section 2.2-3711.A.3 —
Discussion or consideration of the acquisition of real estate for public purpose where
discussion in open meeting would adversely affect the bargaining position or negotiation
strategies of the public body. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 8:05 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to return to regular
session and adopt the following: