355
petitions, Mr. Torrence closed the public hearing at 7:55 P.M. and
recessed the Board to a meeting immediately following the public
hearing.
x io
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on February 1, 1994 at 8:00 P.M., immediately following the public
hearing, at the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Sheriff James E. Richardson
Chief Jailer Freddie Godsey
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Janet Belter, Treasurer
Sandy Pearce, Architect
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Torrence reconvened the meeting and asked Sheriff Richardson if he
would begin by presenting his request for jail addition and alteration.
Sheriff Richardson began by asking the Board to turn their attention to
the architects drawings labeled phase 1B. Sheriff Richardson said that
he and his staff have reviewed the drawings at length and have
presented the Board with written explanations addressing each area of
his request. (A copy of Sheriff Richardson’s letter is on file in the
Board file for February 1994). Sheriff Richardson went over each
section of his letter with the Board and offered additional information
and answered any questions that were asked.
Mr. Pearce addressed the visitation area expansion by explaining that
with the increased inmate capacity there is a need for more visitation
area so that Sheriff Richardson’s employees are not tied up for several
days allowing inmate visitation.
Mr. Moore questioned how many inmates were we holding that should be in
State facilities?
Mr. Richardson replied that there were ten (10) to twelve (12) inmates
being held here that should be in state facilities.
After a lengthy discussion concerning Department of Corrections
requirements and other aspects of the project, Mr. Carwile requested