262
employee that actually makes less than some of the part-time employees. With the
impending increase in health insurance coverage, this person would have an even lower
take home pay check.
Ms. Williams closed by thanking the Board for picking up the slack in her budget last
year.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Williams for submitting such a good working budget and looking
out for the County.
Mr. Wayne Phelps, President, the Historical Society was next on the agenda.
Mr. Phelps began by saying he has been visiting other county museums and talking to
some curators a bout how they operate. H e passed out some pictures taken by Frank
Brina. They definitely need work on the museum and they are in the process of changing
some of the displays. They are placing some native American artifacts as well as some
additional confederate displays from the units of Appomattox.
Mr. Phelps is asking for $12,000 to the Historical Society and a remodeling job to the
Museum. The only thing the County provides for the Historical Society is the building,
electricity and gas. They are requesting the remodeling of the porch, repaint the roof, the
doors and windows. Mr. Sears quoted a price of approximately $3,500 for the columns,
(last year). The Historical Society will be willing to do the inside work themselves.
He is trying to increase tourism for the County as well as the National Historical Park
Mr. Phelps also addressed the subject of the older Oak trees around the Courthouse being
taken down. The understanding is that any trees along the brick wall and in the foot-print
of the new building will have to come down.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Phelps and called Ms. Sharon Harrup, Executive Director,
STEPS to discuss their budget needs for FY 2004.
Ms. Harrup stated she was not only present on behalf of her Board of Directors, but also
all of the employees that work with STEPS. Ms. Harrup continued by presenting the
Board with facts and figures related to the number and type of clients they served from
Appomattox County. She also stated that the S chool s ystem works very closely with
STEPS in order for their clients to obtain work skills necessary to complete in the job
market.
STEPS is requesting a $12,000 donation for the upcoming budget year. They are
covering around 3,000 miles a month in picking up c lients from A ppomattox County.
They are also in need of additional vans to accommodate all of their clients.
Ms. Harrup invited the Board members to visit their plant facility.