BG
Mr. Moore, Vice Chairman presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:30
P.M. and stated the purpose of the public hearing.
Mr. Moore then asked Bill Caldwell, Clerk, Appomattox County Planning
Commission to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 94-224 of Steven T. Conner to rezone
property from R-1 to R-2. Property is located on Pine Street between
Ethel Street and Confederate Boulevard. Property is owned by Pilgrim
Land and Development Co., Inc.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. Paul Spiggle stood and stated that he lived on Pine Street,
Appomattox, Va. Mr. Spiggle stated that he is opposed to the rezoning
due to the additional traffic in the community, as well as increased
noise and decrease in property values due to this request. Mr. Spiggle
also presented the Board of Supervisors, a petition in opposition to
the rezoning, signed by 73 residents of the community.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Spiggle and asked if anyone else wished to speak,
Mr. Frank Thomas rose and stated his address as Annie Street, adjacent
to Pine Street. Mr. Thomas is opposed to the rezoning request. He
does not want apartment buildings in this area. Mr. Thomas requested
that the Board deny this request.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Thomas and recognized Dorothy Wooten who stated
that she lived on Countryside Drive. Ms. Wooten stated that when they
built their home they were not in the Town limits but had been annexed
as time went along. Ms. Wooten stated that she is opposed to the
rezoning request. She does not wish to have apartment buildings in
this neighborhood.
Mr. Moore next recognized Teresa Hancock. Ms. Hancock stated her
address as Annie Street. Ms. Hancock stated that she is opposed to the
rezoning request. Ms. Hancock stated that the people who lived in this
neighborhood, had lived there for years and wanted to keep the
neighborhood as it is, a nice family neighborhood.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to comment.
Mrs. Nannie Mae Davidson came forward and stated that she owned
property on Confederate Boulevard across from Pine Street. Mrs.
Davidson stated that she is strongly opposed to the rezoning because
she feels that apartment buildings in this area would affect her
property value. Mrs. Davidson stated that this has always been a nice
quiet community and she would like it to remain this way.
Mr. Moore thanked Mrs. Davidson and recognized Ms. Donna Miller who
stated her address as Edgewood Street. Ms. Miller stated that her lot
would border on the back of the lots being considered for rezoning.
Ms. Miller wants the community to remain single family dwellings, and
therefore she is opposed to the rezoning request.