285
rent from the various businesses located in the Depot, donations and retail
sales.
The expenses for the Visitors Center are: 50% of salary for Tourism
Director, a Coordinator and clerical help amounting to $25,000. There are
also utilities amounting to $2,200. Postage, mailings, building
maintenance, miscellaneous supplies which all add up to about $32,000 to
$33,000 per year. This leaves a short-fall of exactly $12,000. This
$12,000 is the minimum needed. Hopefully the additional funding will
help with some of the things planned for the future and allow them to keep
the Visitor’s Center open.
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing on the FY04 Proposed
Budget.
Mr. Carter called the Board’s attention to the next item on the Agenda:
Administrative Items:
1. FY04 Budget: The Board has held a public hearing regarding the
proposed FY04 budget. The Board has also scheduled a meeting
on Thursday, May 29 for a budget workshop, if necessary, and is
scheduled to adopt the budget at the June 2 meeting. This time has
been allotted for discussion and possible revision of the proposed
budget.
Mr. Carwile stated a lot of time has been spent on the budget process and
he does not feel it is necessary to have the meeting on the 29". He feels
that the Budget is ready for adopting without any further meetings.
Mr. Carter feels that from the public hearing tonight, they have heard from
some of the citizens regarding their comments. They have also heard from
other agencies and organizations. Everything has been brought before the
Board of Supervisors. There are, of course, lots of things they would like
to do but he is well pleased with the budget as presented.
Mr. Moore feels that most all organizations were level funded. STEPS
and Community Services Board did not get increased funding. Everyone
is being treated the same.
Mr. Hancock stated he did not fully understand some of the things he had
heard tonight. He is concerned about tourism. He is in favor of granting
the Chamber the $25,000 they have requested. We have to start
somewhere why not start this year.
Mr. Carter reported that the Board does not have to adopt the budget
tonight. That is scheduled for June 2, 2003. We all share the concerns for
tourism. We, as a Board, asked the County Administrator to go forth and