551
and Mrs. Dixon on this committee. This item had been tabled at the last meeting.
Mr. Carter suggested that Mr. & Mrs. J ohnny Canada be appointed to this committee as they haveexpressed an interested in this area.
Mr. Kendrick asked if there were any other recommendations. Hearing none, Mr. Carter made amotion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mr. & Mrs. Johnny Canada to serve on the Region2000 Regional Commission Steering Committee. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. CPMT Appointment: The Community Policy Management Team (CPMT) is requesting
that the Board appoint Mr. Daniel Stratton to this committee as the parent representative. Mr.Stratton has agreed to serve in this capacity.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Daniel Stratton to serve as the
parent representative on the Community Policy Management Team. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Legislative Program: The Board at its last meeting discussed submitting items for VACo
to include in its legislative agenda and also the possibility of adopting its own legislative
agenda to be forwarded to our senators and delegates. Does the Board wish to discuss this
at this time?
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Carroll for the information presented on the 50-40-10 plan. As heunderstands this, it could be a new stream of revenue for the County.
Mr. Kendrick would like to see a more equal way of taxation and a fairer tax collection process.He feels the present process as an inappropriate method of taxation. Landowners and property(house) owners are getting taxed at a higher rate than those who don’t own land or houses. He didnot see any fairer process of collecting monies in this plan. Ifthe 50-40-10 plan would yield a greater
amount of money and also take some the tax burden away, he would be all for it. He still does notthink the real issue is being addressed, that being a fairer way of collecting monies.
Mr. Carter agrees with what Mr. Kendrick has said and feels that we, as a county, need to takemeasure to increase or enhance the tax base through other means, such as tourism and the industrial
park.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding state mandates without additional funds thereby causingus to raise taxes in order to meet these mandates. We need to make some recommendations to ourdelegates as to how to accomplish this. Mr. Carroll will look into the Tax Commissioners Study.
At 6:55 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to recess until after the publichearing.
At 7:25 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reopened the Board of Supervisors meeting.