182
Chairman Craft welcomed everyone to the meeting and then called for setting of the
agenda. Mrs. Ferguson stated that Board members had been given a new bill sheet which
included poll workers.
Chairman Craft next called for citizen public comments. Chairman Craft explained the
procedure for addressing the Board during the public comment period.
Mr. Tom Schmutz came forward and gave his address as, 1656 Beckham Road, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Schmutz addressed the Board regarding land use. Mr. Schmutz stated that
his reassessment increased 346 percent. Mr. Schmutz also stated that there is no discount
for conservation easements for local property taxes. Mr. Schmutz stated that 75 counties
and all surrounding counties of Appomattox County have land use taxation in their
counties. Mr. Schmutz stated that he has paid his taxes for the past 35 years and never
felt such a disservice to the citizens of this County than what was done last year when the
Board failed to enact land use.
Chairman Craft asked if anyone else who did not sign the signup sheet, wished to address
the Board.
Hearing none, Chairman Craft asked the Board to move to Administrative Item #3 ~
Livestock Damage Claim. Chairman Craft called on Mr. Hackett, Assistant Animal
Control Officer to come forward and answer any questions the Board may have.
Mr. Carter questioned how many animal carcasses were actually seen by Animal Control
Officer and investigated.
Mr. Hackett stated that only one animal carcass was investigated by animal control. Mr.
Carter questioned how many calves were reported killed. It was stated that Mr. Martin
reported four calves were killed. Mr. Carter questioned if the County generally pays for
animals that have not been seen by Animal Control. Ms. Ferguson stated that usually the
County pays only for the animals that Animal Control have seen and investigated. She
also stated that after the investigation if it is determined by Animal Control that a stray
dog killed the livestock the county would pay, but if it is found to be someone's dog then
the owner would pay for this animal. If the investigation determines that a wild animal
killed the livestock then no payment is made. The County only pays for stray dog kills.
Mr. Hackett stated that a total of fourteen dogs were caught in a trap after the killing. Mr.
Tanner stated that the killing could have been dogs or coyotes. Mr. Hackett stated that the
calf’s front leg was chewed in half and that is not usually a trait of dogs.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Hackett about the number of dogs that were caught in the trap
and also why the report tured in there was no signature from an Animal Control officer.
Mr. Hackett stated that this report was not signed because Animal Control did not feel
that this was a dog kill.