338
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that in the future the Board of Supervisors hireas County Attorney someone other than the Commonwealth Attorney to avoid any conflict that
should arise. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr Carter, aye.
Since the County Administrator has resigned, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick
to appoint Andy Carroll, Assistant County Administrator as Acting County Administrator effective
immediately. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
At 8:05 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to recess until Thursday, J une
15", 2000 at 6:00 P.M. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye and Mr. Carter, aye. Zs
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
At 6:00 P.M. on June 15, 2000 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a meeting atthe Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Andy Carroll - Acting County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 6:00 p.m. and stated the purpose of the meeting wasto interview candidates for the Positions of Building & Housing Inspector and LandfillSupervisor.
Mr. Carter delivered the invocation.
Mr. Moore explained that an executive session was necessary under Code Section 2. 1-344(A)7 -legal issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matters.
At 6:05 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into closed session todiscuss a legal and personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 10:07 P.M. Mr. Crawile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved that theBoard of Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.