263
On Monday, December 12, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Public Hearing at 6:30 p.m. in the Meeting Room of the Appomattox County School
Administration Building located on Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Janet Belter — Treasurer
Monte Mays — Commissioner of Revenue
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the public hearing and gave the invocation, after which
he asked everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter stated the purpose of the Public Hearing was to receive comments on
changes to two (2) County Ordinances, Personal Property Tax Relief Act and the
Assessment of New Substantially Completed Buildings.
Mr. Carter then instructed those wishing to speak to come.forward, state their name and
address for the record.
No one came forward.
Mr. Carter asked if any Board member had any questions regarding these ordinance
changes.
Mr. Craft asked Mr. Mays a question regarding the partially completed houses and how
he handles these.
Mr. Mays responded by saying if he goes to a house now, and it is not completed he
cannot place a value on it. After this ordinance is passed, he can put a partially
completed house on the tax books. The way new construction is running in the County,
you may be looking at anywhere from eight (8) to ten (10) million dollars in value that
will be captured in a given year, if the present building boom continues as it has in the
past four (4) years. Last year we added fifteen (15) million dollars on the books as a
result of new construction. This ordinance basically allows us to put a house on the
books that is not completed prior to January 1. This house will not be taxed on a full
value basis, it will be prorated.
Mr. Overstreet and Mr. Mays discussed how they understood the Code in dealing with
this partial taxing.