90
SSamuul 2. Cada
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
At 7:00 p.m. on Tuesday, April 7, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Budget Work Session in the upper level of the County Administration Building (old J & D
Courtroom) located in the Courthouse Complex, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust— Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
At 7:02 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter asked that the Board set some expectations for the meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated she would like to go over the entire budget, especially requests for funding.
She will point out the major increases and call attention to items she feels the Board needs to
discuss.
Ms. Ferguson stated the first item of business is a supplemental appropriation for the first
payment for the animal pound - $81,056.85 to J. Harmon Saunders.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approve a supplemental appropriation for
the first payment for the animal pound to J. Harmon Saunders in the amount of $81,056.85.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson pointed out a few of theincreases to this year’s budget.
1. Health Insurance has a projectedincrease of 11.6%
2. Salary increases by 4.4% (with the exception of Law Enforcement which is 3%)
(Mrs. Phelps’ increase 10%)
3. Telephone line in most budgets will be blank. Under the new system all charges
come in on one bill. It would be a waste of staff time to break down each bill every
month and charge each department. These funds will all be put into the County
Administration budget. Some Department (Sheriff's) will have some telephone
monies- which will be for cell phones.
4. The other big thing in this budget is the re-assessment. The reassessment will go into
effect in 2008. It will take at least 1 to 1-1/2 years to get this done. Therefore, she
has included $51,300.00 for this. Balance of re-assessment fees should come out of
next year’s budget. (Spread over at least 2 years).