602
for adding to or improving the present school building) at 300 N.
Church Street, to be paid in 20 annual installments, and the interest
thereon at 2 per cent paid annually.
RESOLVED, That the application of the County Board to the State Board
of Education of Virginia for a loan of $5,000,000.00 from the Literary
Fund is hereby approved, and authority is hereby granted the said
County School Board to borrow the said amount for the purpose set out
in said application.
The Board of Supervisors for said County will each year during the life
of this loan, at the time they fix the regular levies, fix a rate of
levy for school or make a cash appropriation sufficient for operation
expenses and to pay this loan in annual installments and the interest
thereon, as required by law regulating loans from the Literary Fund.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented an appropriation request from the School Board
for additional State Funds that have been allocated to Appomattox
County.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$129,209.00 to the School Board due to additional State funds being
approved. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Magistrate for an
appropriation to purchase a computer.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appropriate $1200.00 to the Magistrate for the purchase of a computer.
vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Sheriff for an appropriation
from the Asset/Forfeiture Account.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$10,000.00 from the Asset/Forfeiture Account for the Sheriff and to
appropriate $1,292.29 from this $10,000.00 to 3102-3013. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from R. L. Bass for $434.00 to pay for
electrical work done at the Fire Department.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to pay
$434.00 from 1101-3002.
Mr. Paulette next presented information from Ann Lawson, Recreation
Director, on needed repairs to the backstop at the ball park.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board asked Mrs. Ferguson to
contact Mr. Billy Trent to see if he may be able to repair the backstop
at the ball park.