337
about 200 Union troops. 15 pieces of artillery with approximately 60 men with this unit
and about 150 SCV members we can use anywhere we may need them.
He has received estimates for repairs to the Old Jail/Museum projects. He has talked
with Kevin O’Brien at J. E. Jamerson & Sons and Al Sears at J. E. Sears. He has also
received an estimate from Bobby Wells regarding the roof: Tar & Gravel the flat roof,
repaint and refurbish the old part and gutters as well - $3,600.00. Mr. Wells stated the
old part of the roof (A part) is in pretty good shape to be as old at it is.) He is asking the
Board to accept the bid from Mr. Wells. Mr. Phelps passed out the estimates he has
already received and stated he expected to receive an additional bid from J. E. Sears.
They would hope to have all the repairs completed by Railroad Day. For around $15,000
or less they can get this building in shape.
After some discussion regarding what Mr. Wells’ estimate included, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve expending up to $15,000 maximum for
repairs of the Museum. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter moved on to the next item on the agenda - ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
(items 1&2)
1. Health Insurance Renewal: In June the Board approved joining the Regional
Health Insurance consortium provided that consortium would be operational by
the renewal period. At this time is does not appear the regional consortium will
have enough participants to be viable as originally envisioned. Staff and school
administration staff have taken steps to revisit the Anthem renewal rates with
HRH, our health insurance consultant. There has been some changes in the
renewal rates along with a change to the prescription drug tier plan. Staff
recommends the approval of the Anthem renewal for medical insurance for the
coming year with the County contributing $322.92 per employee per month. Also
approval of the renewal of Mutual of Omaha as the dental insurance carrier as a
voluntary benefit.
There was some discussion regarding what localities had and had not decided to join
this consortium. It appears that the numbers will not be sufficient to proceed at this time.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Anthem renewal plan
as the medical insurance carrier for the upcoming period with the County contribution of
$322.92 per employee and remaining with Mutual of Omaha as the dental carrier as a
voluntary benefit. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 7:03 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.