365
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone, please
state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Roark who read the first petition.
Petition #CUP 06004 — Kenneth & Robin Wolfskill, Poorhouse Creek Road
(Route 639) The applicants are requesting a Conditional Use Permit for property
located on Route 639 (Poorhouse Creek Road) between River Ridge Road and
Morningstar Road, for the purpose of locating a campground on said property. The
property is zoned A-1, Agricultural and containing approximately 15.4 acres and is
identified as Tax Map #79-A-14A and a portion of #79-A-14B.
Kenneth Wolfskill, Poorhouse Creek Road, Appomattox, VA: Mr. Wolfskill stated
their intentions for this property are pretty simple. They have cleared enough trees out
for thirteen (13) campsites. They-also plan to have a riding rink and also he plans to
give some riding lessons, etc. He has had several years of experience in planning and
establishing trails and wildlife habitats. They also have room for additional campsites in
the future. He also plans to have some evening activities such as bluegrass music and
maybe some Cowboy Re-enactments.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak for this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
No one spoke against this petition.
Mr. Roark read the next petition:
Petition #06-401 — Walter Gum Manor — Lawson Family, LLC: The applicants
are requesting a Conditional Use Permit from the Appomattox Town Council for the
purpose of establishing a development for the elderly, consisting of 24 one-bedroom
apartments, within one building, on 1.77 acre of property located on State Route 662
and Route 1010 between Plant Drive and Rose Lane. Property is zoned R-2 Residential
and is Tax Map #64A6-(A)-68.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Lester A. Wagner, Richmond, VA: Mr. Wagner stated he is representing the Virginia
United Methodist Housing Development Corporation. This request is for 24 apartments
for the elderly, consisting of one-bedrooms in one building. There will also be a
community room, a laundry and an office.
Ms. Birdie Harvey, Rose Lane, Appomattox, Va.: Ms. Harvey was happy to learn
that the factory lot is the proposed site of the Walter Gum Manor. In case anyone is
wondering why is it called the Walter Gum Manor, these Methodist housing facilities for
the elderly, are named for former Bishops around the Virginia Methodist Conference. It