74
Mr. Rose said he would walk through the document. They are not asking the Board to
make any decision but rather to educate them on what is available. They will present
the worst possible scenarios so there will be some positive conclusions at the end of the
presentation. They want to try to establish a comprehensive plan for all the projects Ms.
Ferguson has pointed out including the possibility of a Regional Jail Concept; having
some strong debt policies, ratios and fund balances and finally, to try to minimize, if not
avoid, any equivalent real estate increases. He uses the term “equivalent” because
there will be some increases and some impact.
He discussed the Debt Service Balance, the Pay-Out Ratio and how much the debt
decreases each year. Part of the document shows where we stand with regard to some
of the ratios that relate primarily to debt. Mr. Rose stated that the County had at least
four (4) Capital Projects to consider:
The Animal Shelter - $600,000 late FY’05
The Public Safety E-911 Call Center Renovations - $700,000 late FY’05
New Landfill Cell - $2,000,000 late $FY‘05
(also figures on the Outsourcing of Waste Disposal for the balance
of FY’05 and also FY'06)
The Regional Jail —- Appomattox’s Share of $11,550,875.
($4,910,600 in Notes — repayable by the State and
$6,640,275 in Bonds)
Mr. Rose then turned the remainder of the presentation to Mr. Cole.
Mr. Cole discussed the overview of funding scenarios. They have looked at a funding
scenario of each of the four projects, the length of debt service on each and the growth
in real estate tax after adding each of these projects.
Bank financing is a viable option, as is the Virginia Resource Authority which is a State
Agency with a mission to help local governments secure financing for water, sewer, solid
waste and public safety type projects. Another source of financing is through the USDA
Rural Development which offers longer paybacks, 40 year debts which in many cases
have a 4 %2% interest rate. There may be an opportunity for each of these projects to
try to secure some grant money. For example, Economic Impact grants, which may
grant as much as $50,000 per project.
Mr. Cole concluded by saying that the scope of this report is really based on the capital
side of the budget and at this point is not based on the operating side of the budget.
They have attempted to keep the focus of this report on the four (4) major projects
facing the Board at the present time.
After a lengthy question and answer period, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Rose and Mr. Cole
for a very informative report.
The budget meeting scheduled for April 21, 2005 has been cancelled. Mrs. Ferguson
will re-schedule for another date.