168
FY94 budget requests and reviewed several. statutory provisions
concerning the functions of her office.
After discussing the budget requests, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused
Mrs. Smith and called on Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit
Court. Mrs. Williams presented and reviewed her budget request for
FY94. Mrs. Williams also informed the Board she needed a new Judgement
Lien Index book. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded
by Mrs. Beasley to approve purchase of the book and appropriate $550.00
from unappropriated FY93 surplus to cover the cost. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs. Williams and called on Mr. Monte
Mays, Commissioner of Revenue. Mr. Mays presented and reviewed his
FY94 budget request and discussed proration of taxes.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Mays; and next asked the Board to
consider the draft minutes of the meetings of March 2, March 8, March
11, March 15, March 22, March 29, March 20, April 5, and April 6, 1993
copies of which had been previously furnished Board. members. Mr.
Jamerson asked if there were any corrections, omitted information, or
comments regarding these minutes. Mrs. Beasley noted the Board
recessed from meeting to meeting instead of adjourning as the draft
minutes reflected. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence
to accept the draft minutes corrected as noted by Mrs. Beasley. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, Aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Carwile if he had secured a commitment for
the Rural Transportation Committee. Mr. Carwile replied he had and
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Mr. Bill Williamson
to represent Appomattox County on the Ceritral Virginia Planning
District Conmission’s Rural Transportation Technical Committee. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Torrence if he had secured a commitment for
the Appomattox River Water Authority. Mr. Torrence replied he had and
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to reappoint Mr. J. B. Drinkard
to represent Appomattox County on the Appomattox River Water
Authority.Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board the Appomattox Humane Society is
seeking a raffle permit and waiver of the permit fee. After
discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve
the permit for the Appomattox Humane Society to hold two (2) raffles
for fund raising, one (1) May and another in October, 1993, and to
waive the $25.00 application fee. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board the American Legion is asking to
sponsor a circus. After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion