162
Mr. Carwile next expressed his concerns about lack of infrastructure
within the County regarding industrial development. He specifically
addressed the lack of adequate water supply and suggested a committee
of Engineers and other good County residents be formed to investigate
the feasibilities of developing better water supply. Mr. Jamerson
explained a Blue Ribbon Advisory Committee formed in 1987 addressed,
among other things, the development of water and sewer facilities.
Also, Mr. Jamerson pointed out a Comprehensive Water and Sewer Study
for the Town and County of Appomattox was) completed in 1991 by Wiley
and Wilson Engineers which included a water and sewer waste plan for a
20 year planning period.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board he had received a telephone call
from the Spout Spring Ruritan Club regarding the Board serving as a
trustee of a trust established by the Club. The caller asked this
matter be removed from the Agenda and consideration. Mr. Jamerson
asked Mr. Rice to so inform Mr. Wentz, the originator of the request.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board of a request from the Izaak Walton
League of Lynchburg (IWLL) seeking support to reroute the proposed
Route 29 in Amherst County to avoid damage to their park. After
discussion, no action was taken.
At the request of the County Attorney, Mrs. Beasley next made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia
enter into an executive session to discuss legal matters and to
consider the disposition of publicly helcl property. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore, the following
resoultion was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative
recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THERFORE, BE IT RESOLIVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.