400
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Social Services Board had requested a proclamation from
the Board of Supervisors naming April as Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, numerous individuals and organizations across Virginia work daily to end
the cycle of child abuse and neglect and work to provide families the assistance they
need; and
WHEREAS, the incidence of child abuse and neglect affects a reported 3.1 million
children in the United States annually; and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia is committed to supporting our families
through programs that help prevent child abuse and neglect; and
WHEREAS, all children should have the opportunity to benefit from a strong family that
provides valuable support and caring for its members that last a lifetime; and
WHEREAS, our society must resolve to preserve, protect and promote the time-honored
ideal of a stable family in order to strengthen the moral, social and economic
underpinnings of the Commonwealth, and we must work to ensure that all children
receive a proper upbringing from parents and adults who make them feel safe, happy and
loved;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, do hereby proclaim April 1998 as Child Abuse Prevention Month in the
County of Appomattox.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there were several appropriation requests for Board
approval.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to make the following supplemental
appropriations:
$25.00 to 1101-5803
$2889.77 to 1201-7003
$1418.00 to 3501-5408
$21.24 to 7301-5415
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the probation period for Amy Poole and Jack Hawthorne,
Jr. were over and that the County Administrator recommended placing these people on
full time with the standard increase.