469
The Board and the Town Council have voted to pursue negotiations with the
Campbell County Water Authority in regards to finding out just what needs to be
done. There is a lot of information, a lot of details that need to be obtained and
in order to do this, we need a team. This team shall be comprised of Mr. Tom
Conrad, from the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Conrad will also serve a Chairman
for this Committee. It will include Mr. Bill Slagle, EDA member; Aileen Ferguson,
County Administrator; Debbie Howell, Town Member at Large; and Kim Ray,
County Member at Large. Mr. Carter would like to request that Mayor Wilson
and Town Manager David Garrett also serve on this committee.
Ms. Ferguson will contact the Town Office as to the appointmentsto this committee.
7F. Jillian Mitchel Proposal:
Ms. Ferguson reported that she and Mr. Overstreet met with Ms. Mitchel and
discussed some of the things she would like to do in the Old Courthouse and
feels there is very little that actually needs to be done. One of the things she
would like to do is change the flourscent lighting to another form of lighting that
would be more appropriate for the setting; putting in a floating floor type
situation, where if she discontinued use, that floor could be removed and not do
any damage to the existing floor. Other than that she is talking about painting
and just basically doing a good cleaning etc. She did not feel that she should be
responsible for roof repairs, or other major repairs such as air conditioning and
heat pump. It is Ms. Ferguson’s understanding that Ms. Mitchel is willing to pay
the heating bill, etc., while she is using the building. Ms. Ferguson would not like
to see anything done to this building until the final order is signed by Judge
Poston, and recorded.
Mr. Overstreet stated that Ms. Mitchell also spoke about a new sink and toilet in
the judges area. Most leases do not require the lessee to do your capitol
improvements, such as the roof, HAVC, etc. He has suggested that we look at a
one (1) year lease and at that time take another look at it. He has two (2) legal
issues with this proposal. 1) We had a public hearing and the Code of Virginia
says that before leasing property, you should have a public hearing concerning
such disposal. That does not give us any quidance at all as to exactly how
specific that public hearing needs to be. We held a public hearing concerning
use of that building, and in his mind, is probably sufficient for disposal of it, as
leasing, and other uses was a part of that hearing. Does the Board feels like we
need another one since we are pinpointing a specific use. 2) It is his
understanding that she will be doing some small improvements, otherwise, it will
be “rent free” for the use of this property. The Board has the authority to make
gifts to charities and non-profit organizations. He believes that there will be
some things from which she will be deriving profit. We have to have some “quid
pro quo” if you will, if we are going to let her use it, we have to have something
in return. The Board could make a determination that there is benefit to the
County from having the building occupied, which is certainly the case. An
unoccupied building will go “down hill” quickly. There will be somone there to
watch the property, do some minor improvements, but he thinks the Board