666
Mr. Paulette continued with the first item under the Additional Items
for Consideration, a request from the Appomattox County Historical
Society for permission to use a "Pit Privy" at the Cloverhill Village
on Route 627.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
allow the Appomattox County Historical Society to use a "Pit Privy" at
Clover Hill Village. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette brought the Board’s attention to copies of proposed
changes in VDOT’s Subdivision Street Requirements, and explained, if
anyone wished to comment, a list of public hearing dates were attached.
Mr. Paulette informed the other Board members, that the Sheriff’s Gran
had been approved. The grant was reduced by $39,504.00, therefore, th
Sheriff had been asked to adjust his budget to reflect this reduction},
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Sheriff for funds to purchai
a new generator to be used as back-up power for the radio system.
wm
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
transfer $4,103.04 from 1101-5804 to 3102-7001 to purchase generator
for radio system backup. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was any further business to come before th
Board.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the property Mrs. Belter, Treasurer,
had requested she be allowed to escheat.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Puckett, Attorney, is continuing to
work on this project.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 8:34 p.m. to discuss legal and personnel matters;
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:55 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of