272
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Secondary Road Improvement Six-Year Plan for 2006-07
through 2011-12 is hereby approved.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the priority list for the 2006-07 Secondary Road
Construction Budget is hereby approved.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye vote)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-6)
5. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
6. J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library: Please appropriate by consent and
supplement $419.99 to the Library's budget for donations, book replacement
fees and books sales received.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 7-10)
75 Meeting Schedule for 2006: Corrected meeting schedule for the calendar
year 2006.
8. Appomattox County Public Schools Monthly Financial Report: Financial
report for the month of November 2005 for the school system.
9. Agenda’s for Appomattox Town Council Meetings: Agenda for Town
Council Workshop of November 29, 2005 and Council Meeting on December 12,
2005.
10. Robert E. Soil and Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Robert E.
Lee Soil & Water Conservation District Board of Directors meeting held on
October 27, 2005.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad discussed the Land Use Taxation and what we are looking at doing as far as
dealing with this. Also, what research do we need to do in order to present a plan for
proceeding with discussion on this matter.
There was a lot of discussion regarding what qualified a person/land for this Land Use
taxation.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had talked with several County Administrators, some feel it is
an unfair tax and others do not use it because they do not have sufficient industry to
cover the difference in the tax revenue. The bottom line here is that if you give
someone a tax break of x-amount of dollars, then that revenue will have to be made up
on other things. She suggested that the Board hold some Public Comment sessions in
order to explain to the general public just how this tax works.