152
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
appoint the Indoor Plumbing Rehabilitation Oversite Committee as
follows: Carolyn Lawson, local government; Eva Moore, at-large; and Al
Jones, advocate for low to moderate income citizens. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Historic Appomattox
Railroad Festival Board for use of the Courthouse Square and Courtland
field for Railroad Festival weekend.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow the Historic
Appomattox Railroad Festival Board use of the Courthouse Square and
Courtland Field for Railroad Festival weekend. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mrs. Barbara Williams,
Circuit Court Clerk for carpet for her office.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to check all the offices to
see where needs exist, and report to the Board at a later date.
Mr. Paulette then presented appropriation requests from Courthouse
Maintenance, Library Fund, School Board, and the Law Library Fund.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $122.05
from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund for the month of September 19,
1996. Vote: Mr. Paulettte, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$399.84 from the Special Library Fund for the month of September,
1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve a
supplemental appropriation to the School Board in the amount of
$40,062.00. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $30.49
from the Law Library Fund for the month of September 1996. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented line item transfer requests from Animal
Control and Sheriff’s Department.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a line
item transfer of $15.00 from 1101-5804 to 3501-5402. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.