90
Professional Services to cover costs associated with courthouse litigation.
Also the School Board has requested a supplemental appropriation of $71,020.56 to reflect
additional monies received over and above the budgeted Federal amount for the current year.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Consent Agenda as presented
with the addition of the request from the School Board.
Mr. Carwile would like to know when the School Board had knowledge of the receipt of these
additional monies.
Mr. Carroll stated that according to the information received, these monies were received in
March and May.
Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion currently on the floor. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the Informational Items: (Items 10-12)
10. Courthouse Proposal: Mr. John Wilson has presented a proposal for the use of the current
Courthouse should the Board determine to construct a new courthouse on a different site.
The members of the Board all complimented Mr. Wilson on his proposal and appreciate the
citizen’s input.
11, CVCC Workforce Letter: Mr. Darrel Staat, President of CVCC has notified the Board
that the General Assembly has approved funding for the construction of Manufacturing
Building so that CVCC can continue its work of developing our region’s workforce.
12. School Board: Dr. Krug, School Superintendent, has submitted two items from the
School Board: 1) a letter and school budget. Supplemental appropriation requested will
be on the July 1" agenda; 2) July appropriation and monthly financial report.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns: No one had any concerns to present at this
time.
Mr. Carter then briefly went over the list of upcoming meetings:
June 4, 2002 - Meeting with AES Committee & School Board
AES Library
7:00 p.m.
June 11, 2002 - Economic Development Summit
Carver-Price Cultural Center
5:00 p.m.
June 22, 2002 - Meeting with Appomattox Town Council- Re: Joint Water Study