249
At 6:30 P.M. on Monday, April 21, 2003, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held its regularly scheduled meeting at the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
Brandon Stidham — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and asked Mr. Hancock to give the
invocation.
Mr. Carter stated they would now receive Citizens Public Comments. No one present
wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then stated the next item for presentation would be the appearance before the
Board of Mr. David Rose, of Davenport & Company LLC. Mr. Davenport is meeting
with the Board to discuss several possible bond financing scenarios for the Courthouse
Project and also propose a tentative schedule that will facilitate the completion of any
deal before June 15" as the Board has requested.
Mr. Rose introduced Mr. Jamie Shield and Mr. Warren Redfield, associates of
Davenport & Company. They provided handouts on their presentation and stated they
were not asking for any decisions to be made this evening. There are three (3) major
issues: 1) Under Virginia law they are required to go through the Industrial Development
Authority. The IDA will have no liability and has no roll other than to formally approve
this. Everything falls back on the Board of Supervisors. 2) This will also require no
general obligation pledge at all. This will be a moral obligation which states that every
year the Board will appropriate an annual debt service. 3) The approach to this is called a
bank qualified series of rates. This will allow us to receive the lowest possible interest
rate. You may also want to capitalize the interest for one year. This will allow you to hold
off on making payments until you have the facility to use.
Mr. Rose also addressed the Debt Service Reserve Fund where by one year’s worth of
debt service is borrowed to be held in a trustee account in the bank and will earn an
interest rate, equal to the borrowing rate.
After the presentation there was a brief question and answer session, after which Mr.
Carter thanked and excused Mr. Rose.
At 6:57 P.M. Mr. Carter called for a brief recess.