300
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, June 16, 2003 the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors and the Appomattox County Planning Commission held its regularly
scheduled meeting and public hearing in the Council Chambers of the
Appomattox Town Office, located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
Brandon Stidham — County Planner
Dan Siegel - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
(via phone — closed session)
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to
deliver the invocation.
Mr. Carter next opened the floor for Citizen Public Comments: T his time is
provided to allow citizens to address issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizens of Appomattox.
Mr. Ronald Spiggle, Mayor of the Town of Appomattox, addresses the Board:
Mr. Spiggle pleads with the Board to reconsider the establishment of another
Visitor’s Center. We already have one, which is State accredited. He feels that
two visitor centers will not send a very good message to visitors. He also feels we
should have given the Chamber of Commerce a hands up instead of a hands
down. They have done a lot of work on a shoestring budget. None of us really
realize how much it cost to do what they have been doing. He feels the Town and
County need to sit down and talk eyeball to eyeball and do something for the
people of Appomattox. All the facts, figures and issues need to be laid out on the
table and discussed. We need to know if the problem is egos, personalities or
whatever else may be in the way of making this tourism effort work.
It is time we quit reading about what is going on in the newspapers and the Town
Council and the Board of Supervisors sit down and talk and send the right
message out to all the people, not just the Town and not just the County.
Mr. Rich Guild next addressed the Board:
Mr. Guild stated he has talked to a lot of people in the last couple of days
including Bill Slagle from the IDA, Garnet Mills from the CEDS Committee,