548
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Request for Use of Courthouse Square: The American Legion Post
No. 104 is requesting the use of Courthouse Square for a Memorial Day
Ceremony on May 31, 2004 at 11:00 A.M.
Since this is an annual event in which the American Legion honors our veterans
on Memorial Day, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to allow
The American Legion Post #104, the use of Courthouse Square on May 31, 2004.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Shrink Swell Soils Policy: At the meeting on May 3% the Board
received the Planning Commission recommendations for the Shrink Swell
Soils Policy. At that time some things needed to be addressed. Staff has a
meeting with Natural Resources Conservation Service on May 13" and will
have a report for the Board by the 17" meeting.
Mr. John Spencer reported that he and Lonny Hamlett, the County Building
Official, met with Mark Davis, District Conservationist for the NRCS on Thursday,
May 13" to see if there was any way NRCS could assist county staff in making
determinations on the need for soil test as part of the building permit process. If
given a particular piece of property can they determine if shrink swell soil would
be within 500 feet of the building site. Mr. Davis basically stated that it was
unlikely that NRCS would become a part of this process but they could supply us
with maps to help us in making this determination in our office. Furthermore,
Mr. Davis stated that once he calculated the amount of land area within our
county, 73.6% had either moderate to severe shrink swell potential soil. With
another estimated 10% added for floodplain soils (low shrink-swell by nature),
approximately 85% of the County contains soils that theoretically require special
building methods.
Based on this information, the Board may wish to consider making permanent
the interim policy that certain types of construction requires a soil test prior to
issuance of a building permit regardless of location within the County.
After much discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to
table this issue until June 7". The interim policy will remain in effect. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At this point, Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda would be the Pubic
Hearing.