616
FIFTH: Lessee shall not hold lessor liable for any damages from any cause whatsoever.
Lessee hereby assumes all risks of every kind, whether to property or persons, in connection with
the lessee’s occupancy or possession of the leased premises, whether the same arises from
defects latent or patent in connection with the building or any part of the leased premises and
whether or not the same were known by the lessor at the time of the making of this lease and
were not disclosed by the lessor at the time or at any subsequent time. It is further covenanted
and agreed that the lessor shall not be liable to the lessee for negligence, default, or misfeasance
of other tenants, if any, or employees of said building.
SIXTH: Lessor reserves the right to enter the demised premises for inspection.
SEVENTH: Lessee shall make no alterations to the building on the demised premises or
construct any building or make other improvements on the demised premises without the prior
written consent of lessor. All alterations, changes, and improvements built, constructed, or
placed on the demised premises by lessee, with the exception of fixtures removable without
damage to the premises and movable personal property, shall be the property of Appomattox
County and remain on the demised premises at the expiration or sooner termination of this lease.
EIGHTH: During the term of this lease, lessee agrees to maintain the demised premises
in a condition equivalent to that existing at the term of the lease. Lessee further agrees to keep
the grounds of the demised premises as well as the entire area included within the school
grounds which was conveyed to Lessor July 2004, properly maintained including mowing, clipping
weeds, and trimming bushes and hedges.
WITNESS THE FOLLOWING SIGNATURES AND SEALS:
BY: SAMUEL E. CARTER, CHAIRMAN BY: CLIFFORD G. RHODENIZER, CHAIRMAN
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS SCHOOL BOARD OF APPOMATTOX
OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY COUNTY
VICTORIA PHELPS, NOTARY PUBLIC BRENDA C. SAULS, NOTARY PUBLIC
Commission Expires: May 31, 2006 Commission Expires: Dec. 31, 2007
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the School Board for Appomattox County, Virginia, has recently conveyed the
old Appomattox Elementary School property to the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County,
Virginia; and,
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has leased back certain buildings to the School
Board for a term which expires December 31, 2007: and,
WHEREAS, the School Board will need other facilities at the end of the lease term to
provide for the purposes of the leased facilities; and,
WHEREAS, the School Board has requested that the Board of Supervisors acknowledge
its intent to assist in providing said facilities.
NOW, WHEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:
1) That the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County hereby expresses its intent
to assist the School Board of Appomattox in acquiring replacement facilities to carry out the
functions of said leased facilities;
2) That the funds for said acquisition would be provided by the Board of
Supervisors of Appomattox County, and would be considered a capital expenditure and not
reduce the operating budget of the School Board;