552
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Tina Carter — Landfill Supervisor
Earl Dickerson — Hurt and Proffitt
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 9:08 A.M.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the purpose of meeting at the landfill was to view sites related
to installation of a building to house the proposed solid waste baler.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Dickerson if he had any new information for the Board?
Mr. Dickerson explained that since the meeting on Monday, December 7, 1998, he had
done some preliminary site work showing possible building location in area “H”.
Mr. Dickerson went over each scenario with the members of the Board.
A lengthy discussion followed concerning the proposed use of site “H” as the location for
the new baler facility. After discussion, and by consensus, of the Board it was agreed
that the better location for the proposed new building would be in close proximity to the
present scale house.
The meeting then moved outside in order for the members of the Board to take a closer
look at several possible sites for building location.
After a lengthy discussion the consensus of the Board was to place the new building
beside the present shop building, move the lean-to to the other side of the shop building
and relocating the shed to the opposite side of the road if necessary.
Mr. Dickerson was instructed to proceed and if he had any problem he was to contact
Mrs. Ferguson and it would be at her desecration as to whether it would be necessary to
contact the Board or if she felt that she could handle the problem.
Mr. Dickerson asked the Board if it cost more to move and reassemble the lean-to than to
construct new would the Board want to go with the least expensive way. Mr. Dickerson
was instructed to go with the least expensive way. Mr. Dickerson was also instructed to
try to sell the present lean-to as is if the least expensive method was to construct new.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that it was necessary to set a public hearing date for the
proposed change to the zoning ordinance.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to schedule January 4,
1999 at 6:00 P.M. as the date for the public hearing on the proposed zoning change.