336
Dr. Poe questioned if the money was mandated by the Board
Supervisors to be spent in a certain manner.
a
Mr. Jamerson stated that the one million dollars was specificall
designated for renovation of classrooms in the arts building, mobil
units for the elementary school and for athletic complex.
Dr. Poe asked if they had to purchase the mobile units for th
elementary school.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he felt that these units were included in th
proposal due to a need at the elementary school but if the School Boar
came back with an alternate plan he felt sure the Board of Supervisor
would consider it.
Discussion followed concerning the general condition of the existing
middle school.
Mr. Scott stated that a new school would be nice but the funding wa
not available so he felt that the School Board should proceed with th
renovation and get an architect to draw up the plans.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mr. Scott for his comment and stated that he hop
the School Board would proceed in this direction. Mr. Jamerst
continued by saying the Board would be reconvening in the Board
Supervisors meeting room and if the School Board passed a resoluti
and needed one from the Board of Supervisors just to bring it over f
Board action tonight.
O_-0-0-O-
RF3m508
Being no further business, the meeting was adjourned until 7:00 P.M. ii
the Boardroom of the Circuit Court Clerk’s offige.\
{|}
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting Room, Courthouse Square,
Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, January 10, 1994.
Present:
Ms. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
This being the Annual Organizational Meeting, the County Administrat
called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. The invocation was given
o<naoOn3
or