486
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, That this Board does concur with the
temporary closure of Route 645 during the construction of the project
for a period of approximately 90 days.
ct
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
trMrs. Ferguson informed the Board that she would be glad to contact Ms.
Lindsay with Board members questions and concerns if there were any.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like information on the procedure for
having speed limits changed.
Mrs. Beasley stated that in order to have a study done to see if the
change was needed all you have to do is make a written request to Ms
Lindsay.
Mr. Carwile also noted that there was a large hole in the East bound
lane of Route 460 at the intersection of Route 703.
Mrs. Ferguson noted this concern to pass along to Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Carwile then mentioned that he would like Mrs. Ferguson to ask Ms.
Lindsay if signs could be erected, on the approaches to Appomattox,
showing that gas, food, etc., can be purchased at this exit.
Mr. Moore next recognized Ms. Karen Phelps.
Mrs. Phelps thanked the Board for allowing her time to express her
families concerns with the construction of a permanent container site
at the old Oakville School.
Mrs. Phelps explained that she and her husband owned property adjoining
the Oakville School. Mrs. Phelps stated that she feels this site is
not in the best interest of the community, considering this property
has a playground and ballfield already located here. Mrs. Phelps also
questioned zoning laws that would allow a dumpster site without
contacting adjoining property owners for their input. Mrs. Phelps
requested the Board stop construction on this site and consider anoth
location.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the work on the new site.
Mr. Moore explained that the work is well underway. The footings hav
been poured, walls constructed, etc.
Mrs. Beasley asked if this site is in the location that it has always
been.
Mr. Moore stated that it is on the same property, only a different
location on the property.
After a lengthy discussion, and considering the status of construction,
the Board by consensus agreed they would have to continue with this