051
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that it was necessary for the Board to make
several Board and Committee appointments.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appoint Mr. Moore
to serve on the Architect Selection Committee for the Appomattox
Elementary School project. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Moore
to serve on the Central Virginia Community Services Board for a term to
expire December 1997. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Solid Waste
Administrator that his due to the Solid Waste Association of North
America be paid from convention and education under the Board.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to pay dues of
$105.00 to The Solid Waste Association of North America from convention
and education in department 1101. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Paulette next presented appropriation request from Social Services
Department, School Board, Landfill, Courthouse Maintenance and Law
Library Fund.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $20,000.00,
$2,000.00 of which is local match, to Social Services for Child Care.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Martin, Social Services Director had also requested an
appropriation to purchase a new vehicle.
After discussion and by consensus, the Board of Supervisors suggested
the new vehicle be included in the FY97 Social Services Budget.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve a
supplemental appropriation in the amount of $1,000.00 to the School
Board due to additional funding from the State. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $6,813.00 to the Litter Grant due to
additional State funding. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. |
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $90.60
from Courthouse Maintenance for the month of February 1996. Vote: Mr