16
2. Membership on Authority Board.
Pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Service Agreement, Appomattox County and Amherst County shall each have
two representatives on the Board of Authority. One member shall be the sheriff of each county, and the non-sheriff
board member shall be appointed by the governing body of each county for an initial term ending June 30, 2010, and
then for three year terms. Alternates may be appointed in writing by the sheriffor by the governing body.
3. Construction of New Facility.
The Authority shall proceed with the planning for the construction of a new regional jail facility in Amherst
County (the “Amherst County Adult Detention Center”) to serve the local detention need of Appomattox County and
Amherst County, as well as to replace the existing Moneta facility currently operated by the Authority in Bedford
County. The facility may also be used by the Authority for any of its purposes, including housing contract inmates.
This shall include the submission of a Planning Study and Community-Based Corrections Plan to the Virginia
Department of Corrections, and taking all necessary steps to secure state funding of 50% of the eligible costs of
constructing the new facility.
4, Operation of Appomattox and Amherst Jails.
Until such time as the Amherst County Adult Detention Center is open, the Amherst County sheriff and the
Appomattox County sheriff will continue to have operational control of the existing Amherst and Appomattox jails,
and the Authority will have no responsibility for operating either of the local jails.
5. Payments by Appomattox and Amherst County.
Upon the completion and placing in operation of the Amherst County Adult Detention Center, Appomattox
and Amherst counties agree to pay the Per Diem Charge (as defined in Article V of the Service Agreement) to the
Authority on the same basis as the Original Members. This shall include both the Operating Component and the Debt
Service Component. The initial payments for Amherst and Appomattox Counties for the first year that the Amherst
County Adult Detention Center is in operation (or partial year) shall be based on the number of local inmates from each
jurisdiction during the twelve month period immediately prior to the Amherst County Adult Detention Center being
placed into service.
6. Additional Payments by Amherst and Appomattox Counties.
(a) The bond documents require the Authority to reserve an amount equal to 60 days of its
operating budget, excluding debt service, in an Operating Reserve Account. When the
Amherst County Adult Detention Center is placed in service, Amherst and Appomattox agree
to fund their portion of the Operating Reserve which is not funded through debt service on the
basis of their proportional share of inmates from all of the Member Jurisdictions in the twelve
month period immediately prior to the Amherst County Adult Detention Center being placed
in service. For example, it is estimated that Amherst County will have 9% ofthe inmates as
of July 1, 2010, and Appomattox County will have 4% of the inmates as ofthat date.
Assuming an Operating Reserve Requirement of $3,531,116 of non-borrowed funds
($4,681,788 total less $1,150,673 borrowed), Amherst would have to contribute $316,397 and
Appomattox would have to contribute $143,274 to the Operating Reserve Account.
(b) The Authority also currently has a Capital Reserve Account. When the Amherst County
Adult Detention Center is placed in service, Amherst and Appomattox agree to fund their
portion of the Capital Reserve Account on the basis of their proportional share of inmates
from all of the Member Jurisdictions in the twelve month period immediately prior to the
Amherst County Adult Detention Center being placed in service. For example, it is estimated
that the balance of the Capital reserve Account will be $2,041,379 on July 1, 2010. Assuming
that Amherst has 9% of the inmates as of that date, and Appomattox has 4% of the inmates,
Amherst would have to contribute $182,950 and Appomattox would have to contribute
$82,845 to the Capital Reserve Account. The amount of the Capital Reserve Account on the
date the Amherst County Adult Detention Center is placed into service will not exceed
$2,041,379.
(c) The Authority also currently has a policy that requires it to maintain a General Reserve
Account, above and beyond the Operating Reserve, of at least 5% of budgeted total revenues.