581
Mr. Paulette then called for a motion to enter into executive session
to discuss legal matters.
executive session at 10:00 P.M. to discuss legal matters. Vote:
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, a
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter a A
ant
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved the|
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:25 P.M. Vote: 4
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted: |
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and}
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to deed the
requested portion of the "Stanley property" to the School Board for
playing fields. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until 7:00 P.M. March 13, 1995 at the School Board
Conference Room. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Sley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. ence, :
Lh © peeA A . v4
eeainiGn
A joint meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox School Board was held on March 7, 1995 at 7:20 P.M. in the
School Board conference room, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.