653
Mr. Cashman discussed the agenda of the study purpose and will summarize briefly the
existing and forecasting conditions, particularly focusing on the Access Management
Program.
The purpose is to provide for long term recommendations for physical improvements as
well as planning framework for guiding the development in the corridor. This study was
provided for Appomattox County with cooperation from VDOT and Region 2000 Local
Government Council.
They have conducted traffic counts and adjusted these counts. They have also looked
at the crash records and identified where commercial zoned properties are located along
the corridor. They look at three things: Population growth, travel patterns, and what
has happened previously with traffic volumes.
POPULATION GROWTH: While the county grew by 11% from the 1990 census to 2000.
The growth rate has been slowing. The forecasted population annual growth rate is
about 28% through 2030.
TRAVEL PATTERNS: This is seven year old data but it is the best data we have. The
residents of Appomattox County in 1990 to 2000 who worked in the county, actually
declined by 500. On the other hand, the number of residents of the county who worked
in Lynchburg increased by 862. This represents an increase of more than the total
number of residents working in the County itself. This indicates Appomattox County is
becoming more of a “bedroom community” because the job opportunities are not
available.
TRAVEL VOLUMES: VDOT counts seem to jump around a lot. Look back at the 80’s and
90's and then look at the counts in 2000. You can see that the counts are not growing
at that fast a pace. There were some that jumped up and then seemed to come back
down. VDOT counts are estimates often and not actual counts. We are increasing
traffic at the rate of 23 to 24% a year. The population growth will continue at a
moderate pace and travel volumes will increase because of commuter orientation. The
baseline counts will increase about 8%. With the pending coming of a Wal-Mart, an
additional forecast has been added.
There are still quite a few intersections that do not have turn lanes and these are being
recommended. Also, they suggest that the County implement an access management
program along this corridor. At this point, with the funding for road improvements,
there is no proposed widening of Route 460. According to VDOT regulations commercial
driveway access can be every 80 feet one from another and 50 feet from a major
intersection.
Mr. Cashman discussed the Commercial Corridor Overlay District and gave a brief
summary of his presentation. The existing forecast is that the conditions are adequate
capacity for a rural primary highway and graduates are not excessive. Increasing jobs
in Lynchburg and commercial zoning along the corridor are pressures that would cause
concern for safety and continuing speed. Their recommendation is to install turn lanes