388
WHEREAS, as a nation devoted to liberty and justice for all, America must increase its
efforts to protect, restore and expand crime victims’ rights; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County Victim/Witness Assistance Program is joining forces
with victim service programs, criminal justice officials and concerned citizens throughout
Appomattox County, Virginia and America to observe National Crime Victims’ Rights
Week;
therefore, be it
RESOLVED, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors designates the week of
April 19 to April 25, 1998 as Appomattox County, Virginia Crime Victim’s Rights
Week; and be it further
RESOLVED, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors reaffirms a commitment to
address victims’ rights and criminal justice issues during 1998 Appomattox County,
Virginia Crime Victims’ Rights Week and throughout the year, and be it further
RESOLVED, that this official proclamation be presented to Appomattox County
Victim/Witness Assistance Program on April 6, 1998.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Freshwater thanked the Board of Supervisors for their support for the rights of
victims of crime.
Mr. Bosiger excused Mrs. Freshwater and invited Brett Thompson and Franklin Vaughan
to appear before the Board.
Mr. Thompson and Mr. Vaughan explained they had requested an appointment with the
Board of Supervisors on behalf of the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce to request
funding for an Executive Director for the Chamber. Mr. Thompson then presented the
Board members with a letter from the Chamber explaining the reason for needing the
Executive Director position at this time. Mr. Thompson continued that an additional
amount of $20,000.00 would be needed from the Board of Supervisors in order to fund
the proposed position.
Board members then asked questions of Mr. Thompson and Mr. Vaughan.
Mr. Bosiger then told Mr. Thompson and Mr. Vaughan that the Board of Supervisors
would consider the Chambers’ request and notify the Chamber of their decision.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Thompson and Mr. Vaughan.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.