380
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 7:30 P.M. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meeting
this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of
the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was
conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Phillip Jones to appear before the Board.
Mr. Jones stated he was there on behalf of the resident of Country Haven Estates Sub-Division.
Mr. Jones thanked the Board for their help on the first sections of the road that have been completed.
There are approximately 1.6 miles left on the main road to complete. At the present time there is a
proposal to complete .8 of a mile with money on hand for this portion. This leaves an additional .6
of a mile to complete. They would like to have this road completed if at all possible.
There was some discussion on this matter.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Jones for his appearance.
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Carter discussed revenue collections from the Library on various activities such as use of fax
machine, etc., and other similar items. This is the same as the rental of Community Center, purchase
of tickets to Kings Dominion, etc. We need to look at posting these in a different manner. These
fees collected should go in the General Fund just like the Community Center revenue is generated.
Discussion followed.
Donations should not go to the general fund as these are given for a specific use. If monies are just
for fees collected, then it should not be returned to the Library, just posted to general revenue fund.