399
A joint meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox Town Council was held April 5, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. at the
Appomattox Town Office, Linden Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: (Appomattox County Board of Supervisors)
Dennis W. Torrence - Chairman- Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Absent: (Appomattox County Board of Supervisors:
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Present: (Appomattox Town Council)
Ronnie Spiggle - Mayor
Richard (Dick) Bass
R. W. (Bobby) Mitchell
Steve Lawson
Absent: (Appomattox Town Council)
Sammy Carter
W. H. (Buddy) Carson
Billy Conner
Also Present:
Lee Cobb, City of Lynchburg
Jon Montgomery, National Historical Park
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Spiggle opened the meeting by introducing Mr. lee Cobb. Mr. Cobb
is responsible for Economic Development with the City of Lynchburg and
works very closely with Region 2000. After the introduction, Mr.
Spiggle, turned the meeting over to Mr. Cobb.
Mr. Cobb began by explaining that the primary objective of Region 2000
was the development of industrial sites.
Mr. Cobb continued by providing valuable information concerning
industrial sites and what businesses are looking for when they are
considering relocating.
In summary, Mr. Cobb, suggested that the first step would be to acquire
a site for industrial development. Second, install utilities to the
site and third, construct a shell building.
After a session of questions and answers, followed by a lengthy
discussion it was agreed that a committee of seven (7) members should
be formed, one (1) member of Appomattox Town Council, one (1) member of
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, and five (5) citizen members.
This committee would research the present sites in the Region 2000
packets and find out cost involved with developing each site.
Being nothing further, the meeting was adjourned.