114
mailbox on Route 660 just west of Route 26. Mr. Austin said
he would attend to the repair of the shoulder in this area.
Mr. Moore asked if the chuckholes on Route 663 could be
repaired. Mr. Austin agreed to repair the chuckholes as soon
as possible.
Mr. Austin remined the Board of the upcoming Secondary Road
Hearing. Mr. Jamerson set April 12, 1992 at 6:00 P.M. as the
hearing date and asked Mr. Austin to coordinate the
requirements with the County Administrator.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mr. Austin and recognized Dr. Thomas,
Superintendent of Schools. DY. Thomas asked for
appropriations for February. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $818,286.18 for school
operation for February, 1993 and $1,874.00 from the textbook
fund. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Dr. Thomas reviewed schools’ enrollment and pointed out an
increase of five (5) students’ recently. Dr. Thomas also
reported renovation construction at the High School was
nearly complete and only adjustments to the mechanical
systems at the primary school remained to be done there.
The status of the seven (7) period day was discussed and Dr.
Thomas reviewed the options being considered. At the
conclusion of the discussion, Mr. Jamerson thanked Dr. Thomas
and invited Mr. Coleman to address the Board.
Mr. Coleman acknowledged the reply dated December 23, 1992
from the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging where the
Agency denied the Board of Supervisor’s request of October
23, 1992 to include a representative from Appomattox Long
Term Care and Nutrition Committee on the Agency’s Governing
Board. Mr. Coleman reviewed the situation and asked in light
of Agency’s position that Mr. Moore or Mr. Bobby Mitchell,
both current members of the Agency’s Board of Directors, to
serve on the Long Term Care and Nutrition Council. Mr.
Coleman felt this would provide the necessary "link" between
the Council and Agency. Also, Mr. Coleman asked _ to be
appointed to the Agency’s Advisory Council as the
representative from the Council and as_ suggested by the
Agency’s' Board. The Board of Supervisors by consensus
requested Mr. Moore to accept the position on the Council or
arrange to have Mr. Mitchell serve in this capacity. Also,
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint
Mr. Coleman to represent Appomattox County on the Central
Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Council for the
unexpired term of Mr. Mitchell which expires September 1993
and for an additional three (3) year term commending
September 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Coleman thanked the Board and took his leave.
Mr. Jamerson next called to hear from Mr. Franklin Vaughan,
Chairman of the Appomattox Extension Advisory Committee. Mr.