135
preserve on a 100.41 acre parcel fronting on Route 654 between Route 60
and Route 24. The property is zoned A-1.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the applicant. Mr. Kent explained he
was proposing to establish a hunting preserve following the regulations
of the State Game Commission and that the Commission was withholding
review of the application pending an approved Zoning Permit. Mr. Kent
further explained he intended to purchase game birds, release them on
his property, and charge hunters to hunt and kill the birds. Mr. Kent
stated he only intended to clear enough land to establish habitat for
the birds, that he would personally accompany the hunters, the only
home in the vicinity was that of Mr. John Brown, and that he felt there
would be no detrimental environmental impact.
Mr. Carwile questioned the difference between a game preserve and a
shooting preserve. Mr. Rice explained a game preserve preserved game
and a hunting preserve was where game was; hunted and destroyed.
Mr. Kent continued by explaining he intended to purchase the birds from
a company in Fluvanna County that raises and sells birds for this
purpose. The price of each game bird is about $3.00. Also, Mr. Kent
stated the preserve would be identified with signs posted about 50
yards apart along the boundary and that the hunting season would run
from about October 1 to March 31 with no hunting allowed on Sundays.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from those opposed to the petition. Mr.
John Brown, a neighbor, spoke in opposition. Mr. Brown stated he would
like some assurance Mr. Kent would accompany all hunters. He is
concerned for the safety of his family. Mr. Brown also expressed
concern hunting dogs would get loose and roam outside the preserve’s
boundaries. Mr. Brown continued by expressing his main objection -
disruption of solitude. Mr. Brown explained he works in Lynchburg and
commutes to his home in Appomattox so he can enjoy the quiet solitude
and that he resented the intrusion of rather constant gun shots six (6)
months out of the year.
Laurie Lencina spoke next in opposition. She stated she and her family
just moved in last July looking for secluded privacy. Ms. Lencina also
stated concern for safety since she walks; a lot in the woods. She
reasoned the objective of the purposed shooting preserve was to get as
many people as possible to come and shoot. guns and she expects there
will be 3 or 4 shoots per hours six(6) months per year. Ms. Lencina
also expressed concern dogs and hunters will trespass onto her property.
Mr. Carwile reasoned the weapons used would be 16 gauge or 20 gauge
shotguns with low power shells (No. 8 or 9) and a range of 50 to 60
yards. Mr. Carwile also asked if there was any intent to hunt game
requiring rifles, such as deer. Mr. Kent assured Mr. Carwile there was
no such intent.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone else concerned. Hearing no
response, Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition to
be considered. Mr. Caldwell read petition 93-188 of the Appomattox
Rescue Squad. The Rescue Squad is seeking a Conditional Use Permit to