082
WHEREAS, the agencies of the United Way serve the citizens of Central
Virginia through many varied and vitally needed services; and
WHEREAS, the volunteers of the United Way of Central Virginia, by theix
unselfish and untiring efforts, contribute significantly to the welfare
of all Central Virginians; and
WHEREAS, the young, the senior citizens, the unfortunate, the troubled
and the handicapped are helped by the assistance and concern of the
supporters of United Way of Central Virginia; and
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that May 22, 1996 shall be known as United
Way of Central Virginia day in the County of Appomattox in observance
of its 75th anniversary, and all our citizens are urged to support
wholeheartedly and generously this great volunteer effort that touches
all our daily lives in some way.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from the National Multiple
Sclerosis Society for a resolution setting aside the month of May 1996
as Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Month.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
Recognizing and commemorating the fiftieth year of the incorporation of
the National Multiple Sclerosis Society and honoring its founder,
Sylvia Lawry.
WHEREAS, MS is the most common disabling neurological disease of young
adults in this country, affecting one-third of a million nationwide,
and more than 1600 in Western Virginia alone;
WHEREAS, The National MS Society has provided more than $189 million
for biomedical research and fellowship grants in the past fifty years;
WHEREAS, The Blue Ridge Chapter of the National MS Society provides a
wide range of client services in the areas of health knowledge and
independence throughout Western Virginia; and
WHEREAS, Research advances have now brought us closer than ever to
finding a cause and a means of preventing MS and arresting its
progress;
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that we pause in our deliberations to
recognize and commemorate the month of May Nineteen Hundred Ninety-Six
as Multiple Sclerosis Awareness Month in honor of Sylvia Lawry and the
achievements of the National MS Society in helping individuals living
with MS, and to encourage the National MS Society in the pursuit of its
mission of advancing the cure, prevention and treatment of MS and
improving the lives of those affected by this devastating disease;