598
Mr. Carwile finally, presented the Board with a handout from the
Supervisor handbook for their information (in April 1995 Board file).
Mr. Torrence stated that with the general reassessment, there had been
a great deal of concern over the 1996 tax rate. Mr. Torrence said he
had spoken with Mrs. Belter, Treasurer, and she said the rate must be
set after January 1 of the year the tax was due.
Mr. Paulette called for other Supervisor concerns. Hearing none, he
proceeded with the first item under administrative items, a request
from Mrs. Virginia Tyler that she be allowed to personally purchase and
install a marker at the Flood Mausoleum.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow Mrs. Tyler
to purchase and install a bronze marker at the Flood Mausoleum. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Chamber of Commerce for a
proclamation supporting "Operation Spruce-Up" in Virginia.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pass the following
proclamation:
PROCLAMATION
WHEREAS, the Governor has recognized April 1 - 23, 1995 as "Operation
Spruce Up" Weeks in Virginia; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce has requested that
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors support this
concept in Appomattox; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors takes pride in it’s
community and it’s historical significance;
NOW THEREFORE, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors proclaims,
April 1 - 23, 1995 as "Spruce Up Days" in Appomattox County
and encourages our citizens to participate in some "spruce up"
activity.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Mayor of Pamplin for a
Musical or Entertainment Permit for their Annual Pamplin Days.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the permit
for "Pamplin Days", May 12-13, 1995, and waive the fee and bond
requirements. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.