592
Mr. Carter stated that what really bothers him about this is the School Board came to the Board
of Supervisors stating that if more money was not given to them during budget time that they
were going to have to cut teaching positions and then here at the end of the school year we have
this money left. Mr. Carter stated that the quote was made that night “that what more did the
School Board have to do for the Board of Supervisors to trust them.”
Ms. Ferguson asked Mr. Carter if he would like her to invite the Chairman of School Board to
the next Board meeting to explain.
Mr. Conrad stated that he feels it would be a good idea to ask the School Administration to
attend the next meeting as he is sure this will resurface again during next year’s budget season.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would extend an invitation to Dr. Grasty, Superintendent, Mr.
Perrow, and Chairman of the School Board Wes Williams to the August 3" Board meeting, to
give further explanation of the supplemental appropriation request.
Chairman Conrad called for other discussion on the Consent Agenda. Hearing none; he called for
a motion to approve the Consent Agenda.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve all items on the Consent Agenda except for the
supplemental appropriation request made by the School Board until further explanation from the
School Board. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll
Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Information Items and called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad congratulated Vicky Phelps on her certificate of completion for the VDEM-
G290; Basic Public Information Officer Course.
Chairman Conrad next stated that the Board would be entering into a closed session but before
doing that he called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Tanner thanked everyone for telephone calls, cards and prayers for him and also for his new
granddaughter.
Hearing no other supervisor concerns Chairman Conrad stated that the Board would need to
enter into a closed session under Code Section 2.2-3711(A)(1) to discuss several personnel
issues.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into a closed session at 7:50 p.m. under Code Section 2.2-
3711(A)(1) to discuss personnel issues. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman
Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.