82
A meeting date of June 4" at 7:00 p.m. at the Elementary School site was agreed upon.
CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-8)
5. Approval of Bills: Approval of bills as presented.
BOARD ACTIONS:
6. Social Services Budget: The Appomattox County Department of Social Services has
submitted it’s FY 2003 budget with an overall increase of $34,749 with only $2,675 of
this being local funds. Approval of the Consent Agenda will authorize the County
Administrator to certify the appropriation of funds as currently budgeted and write a letter
stating the Board’s intention to supplement the remaining funds in July.
7. Landfill: At an earlier meeting, the Board was informed that the dumpster site
improvements budgeted for this years was bid out and the cost had exceeded the budget
amount of $27,000.00. The staff has worked with the two bidders and one has agreed to
perform the proposed improvements within the budget if the improvements at the Vera
site are not performed. Depending upon the completion date of the project, funds from the
current fiscal year may need to be carried forward into the next budget year if approved.
Approval of the consent agenda will authorize the County Administrator to sign the
contract to perform these improvements.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Landfill: Supplement 4204-3004 Repair & Maintenance by $1,399.00 to reflect an
insurance payment received.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then called the Board’s attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 9 - 12)
9; VACo Request: VACo has requested that counties submit legislative issues they wish
considered for the upcoming Legislative Program by July 2, 2002. Staff will begin to
compile possible legislative initiatives for Board consideration at the June 3 meeting.
10. Town of Appomattox Agenda: Agenda for meeting held on May 13, 2002.
11. House Joint Resolution 172: Resolution concerning internet privacy standards that the
General Assembly would like for localities to use on their respective websites.
12. United Way I&R: Information provided by the I&R concerning the various types of
referrals they issued for Appomattox citizens of the past quarter.
Mr. Carter next asked for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Carwile has been receiving questions for which he has no answers. He is requesting the