166
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, Mr. Stidham
read the next petition:
02-511 — Wesley Ward Snyder: Re-zone property from A-1 Agricultural to B-1
Business with conditional use permit for an auto repair business. Property is located on
U.S. 460 between Rt. 633 and Rt. 620, Tax Map #90(A)106B.
Mr. Stidham called for comment concerning this petition.
Mr. Wesley Snyder of Rt., Box 1410, Pamplin, Va. Came forward and stated he is the
petititioner. T his is not just a business, it will also allow him time to spend with his
family/children.
Mr. Stidham called for additional comments. Hearing none, he presented the last
petition.
02-512 — Jackie and Nita Mann: Conditional use permit for a game room/pool room in
an existing building per §74-202 of the Town of Appomattox Zoning Ordinance.
Property is located on Rt. 131 between US460 Business and Rt. 24, Tax Map
#64A2(A)79, and is zoned B-1 Business.
Mr. Stidham called for comments on this petition.
Mr. & Mrs. Mann came forward, stated their address as Route 1, Box 1370, Spout
Spring, Va. They want to open up a game room in Appomattox.
Mr. James Carson, P.O. Box 196, Concord, Va. Came forward and stated he had no
objections to this petition. He owns the property adjacent to the proposed game room.
Mr. Stidham called for comments against this petition.
At 7:11 p.m. Mr. Carter declared the Public Hearing Closed.
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was a Public Hearing — Disposal of
Property. This hearing has been scheduled to receive comments on the proposed
transfer of the property located on Lee-Grant Avenue to the Appomattox County School
Board for the location of the Appomattox Elementary School.
Mr. Carter called for comments, hearing none, he closed the public hearing at 7:12 p.m.
Mr. Carter stated that due to the number of petitions to be considered, the Planning
Commission would remain in the courtroom and the Board of Supervisors would
reconvene in the Jury Room. Anyone wishing to do so, may move to the Jury Room.
At 7:19 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the Board Meeting and called Ms. Christine Kennedy,
Director of Transportation and Government Affairs, Lynchburg Regional Chamber to