181
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District (arrived 6:59 P.M.)
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Sandra Lindsay - Virginia Department of Transportation, Resident
Engineer
Don Austin - Virginia Department of Transportation, Assistant
Resident Engineer
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order and stated the purpose
of the hearing was to receive comments on the proposed Six Year Plan
for Appomattox County and requests for new additions to the Secondary
Road System.
Mr. Paulette then turned the meeting over to Virginia Department of
Transportation representatives for an explanation of the hearing
process.
Mr. Austin explained this public hearing was on the Six Year Plan and
the /97-/98 budget. Mr. Austin also stated they would take requests
for improvements to existing roads and new additions to the secondary
road system.
Ms. Lindsay again stated the hearing was for revisions to Appomattox
County’s Six Year Plan and the ’97-’98 Construction Budget.
(Ms. Lindsay presented handouts on the Six Year Plan and Unpaved Road
List.)
Mr. Austin then gave a detailed presentation of the proposed Six Year
Plan; Projected Secondary System Construction and Allocations;
Secondary System Unpaved Road priority List 1999-00 to 2002-03; and
Secondary System July 1, 1997-June 30, 1998 Details of Construction
Budget. (Copies on file in November 1996 Board File).
Mr. Austin then called for comments.
Mr. Bill Burke came forward and stated he owned property on Route 641.
Mr. Burke explained his road had hugh potholes and the ditches needed
maintenance.
Mr. Austin explained he would have someone check on this problem.
Mr. Jimmy Bollinger came forward next and explained he lived on Route
675. Mr. Bollinger stated he understood the Six Year Plan called for
improvements to three (3) miles of roadway on Route 675. Mr. Bollinger
explained he felt this could be shortened to 1/2 mile because there
were no houses beyond that point. Mr. Bollinger felt this might cause
this section to be fixed sooner because the cost would be less.
Mr. Torrence arrived at 6:59 p.m.