243
Present: Mr. William E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson, Interim County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. and asked Mr. Carwile to give the invocation.
Mr. Jamerson called Sandra Lindsey, Virginia Department of
Transportation, Resident Engineer. Ms. Lindsey informed the Board that
she has received notification from the Lynchburg District Office that
the safety improvements on Route 26 at the intersection of Routes 611
and 26 and Route 664 and Route 26 has been deferred for further study.
Also, originally there were eight (8) intersections on Route 26 that
were looked at from a safety viewpoint. The District Office has asked
the District Traffic Engineering Group and the Residency Office to look
at the other four (4) intersections (663, 659, 677, 608) and see which
ones of them could be corrected with the funds that are left that were
allocated to the 611 Project. Once the project has been looked at, it
would still require the Transporttion Board to revise the Six Year Plan
to get it put in as a project so that the balance of the funds could be
transferred to it.
Mr. Moore questioned Ms. Lindsey as to why the State couldn’t address
the problem at 611 and 26 even if the 664 intersection was not working
out.
Ms Lindsey explained that you could not correct the sight distance
problem with traffic traveling South without correcting the problems at
the intersection of Routes 26 and 664 so this was not feasible.
Mr. Carwile expressed his concern over the fact that this project was
being abandoned. He felt that the Board should express strong
disapproval of Virginia Department of Transportation’s decision.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he felt Virginia Department of Transportation
should proceed with as much of the improvements as possible to improve
the very dangerous situation that exists.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that a letter he
sent to Virginia Department of Transportation strongly expressing the
Board’s displeasure with the idea of abondoning the Project on Routes
26, 664 and 611 intersections. Also, the Board would like to request
that this project be reinstated as a priority. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Torrence asked Ms. Lindsey about the status on the Route 701
project. Ms. Lindsey indicated that she would check on this and report
back.