401
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to place Amy
Poole and Jack Hawthorne, Jr. on full time with the standard 5% increase. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a $775.00 supplemental appropriation had been
requested in order to construct the “Too Good To Throw Away” Building at the landfill.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $775.00 and have the
‘Too Good To Throw Away” building at the landfill constructed. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Thomas Brooks, on behalf of Fred and Stella
Ackers, for a variance to the lot width requirement of the subdivision ordinance.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to grant a variance
to the lot width requirement of the subdivision ordinance for Fred and Stella Ackers.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter asked if a replacement for Carolyn Lawson had been appointed to the STEPS
Board?
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she would put this on the agenda for the next meeting.
Mr. Carter next stated that he had received complaints about tractor trailers blocking
traffic as they are attempting to turn into the shopping center and asked if Mrs. Ferguson
would see if Mrs. Lindsay could look into this.
Mr. Torrence reminded the other members of the Board about the groundbreaking at the
Pamplin Fire Department on Sunday, April 26, 1998 at 3:00 P.M.
Mr. Torrence asked if signatures were being obtained on the Frog Bottom project.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that they were waiting on the deed to be returned from the
Hogues.
Mr. Bosiger explained he had received a letter from Marcy Jones about the unveiling of a
billboard that had been designed by the FHA Hero’s, that had won national recognition.
Mr. Bosiger continued that Mrs. Jones had requested members of the Board to attend the
unveiling, if possible. The unveiling would take place on April 27, 1998 at 4:00 P.M. on
Route 460 near Big Horn Market.
Mr. Carter stated that he would be available to attend the ceremony.