045.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on February 5, 1996 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. (Gus) Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order at 6:37 P.M., stated
the purpose of the hearing was to receive public comments on the
disposal of two (2) parcels of County property and gave the procedure
for addressing the Board.
Mr. Paulette then read the description of the first parcel as follows:
"All of that certain tract or parcel of real estate lying
and being in the Town of Appomattox, Southside Magisterial
District, Appomattox County, Virginia, containing .016 acre
and more particularly shown and described on a plat of survey
made by William W. Dickerson, Jr., L.S., dated December 28,
1995. Being a portion of the same identical real estate
conveyed to the School Board of Appomattox County by deed
recovered in the Appomattox County Circuit Court Clerk’s
Office in Deed Book 10, at page 215."
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this parcel.
Mr. James Nolen came forward and gave his address as Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Nolen continued by explaining that he and his daughter
had purchased the house adjoining this property. Mr. Nolen explained
this parcel containing .016 acre was of no use to the County due to
it’s size, and he would like to purchase this property to include in
his lot.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette read the next description as follows:
"All that certain tract or parcel of real estate located