Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Mr. Donald Martin for approval to move
forward with painting the exterior of the Medical Building, Community Center and the
Library.
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to accept
Lynchburg Paint Contractors bid of $13,880.00 for painting the exterior of the Medical
Building, the Community Center, and the Library and appropriate $13,880.00 to pay for
this service. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger presented an agreement with Virginia Power with new rates for the County.
The new rates should represent a 4% saving to the County retroactive to July of 1997.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the
agreement with Virginia Power. (Copy on file in the County Administrator’s Office).
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained there was no further business and asked the other members of the
Board to come to the June 1, 1998 Board of Supervisors meeting prepared to adopt the
FY99 budget.
Mr. Carwile asked if the Board of Supervisors could act on petition 98-342 of Historical
Properties LLC.
Mr. Moore stated the Planning Commission had recommended approval of this petition.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Planning Commission
recommendation and approved petition 98-342 of Historical Properties LLS for a
conditional use permit to allow two family dwelling on single parcel. Property is located
on Route 694 between Route 644 and Route 635. Property is zoned A-1. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye, Mr. Carwile,
abstained.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter, at 9:20
P.M. to adjourn until the regular meeting on June 1, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
4 ary k 4 CBE
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
419