O22
Motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Torrence next asked the Board to appropriate $200.00 to the Pamplin
Volunteer Fire Department to help with the cost of their Christmas
Dinner.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$200.00 to the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department designated for their
Christmas Dinner. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked the other Board members if they felt it would be
appropriate to have a party for Nina since she would be going off the
Board in December 1995.
Discussion followed with the 15th of December being set as the date for
Mrs. Beasley’s party.
Mrs. Ferguson next asked Mr. Moore if he could take Dr. Siano to
Richmond to speak before the SCC on the G. T. E. rate increase.
Mr. Moore stated he would be able to attend.
Mr. Torrence stated he would be unable to attend the work session with
VDOT and asked if the other Board members would mention "frogbottom" as
a priority from his area.
Being no further business, Mr. Paulette called for executive session to
discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session at 9:00 p.m. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:38 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of