46]
clearing plans and to assess the value of the trees. Most of the larger hardwood has already been
taken from the property and what remains is valued at about $363.00. Soil and Erosion plans are
being worked on in the soccer field area only.
Gary Gilliam has volunteered to be the Volunteer Coordinator.
They will be putting together a financial committee to seek grants and donations both corporate and
private. They are not at the present time asking for any support from the County.
They are also planning to erect a sign advertising the “Future Home of the Appomattox Community
Park” to generate interest.
There was some discussion regarding football fields, road entrance, etc.
Mr Kendrick thanked the Committee for appearing and also for their hard work.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisors Concerns. None were presented.
At 6:45 P.M. Mr. Kendrick recessed the meeting until after the 7:00 P.M. Public Hearing.
At 7:06 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reconvened the Board of Supervisors Meeting with Mr. Hancock in the
Planning Commission Meeting.
Administrative Items was the next order of business:
1. Investment of Loan Proceeds: Mr. Carroll advised the Board on the status of the Elementary
School Loan. After evaluating the portfolio of Sun Trust and the SNAP proceeds and discussing
these portfolios with Davenport & Company, they recommend that we put the money in a SNAP
account which would change the Sun Trust relationship from investment advisor to a trustee.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the Board accept the proposal to put the
funds in the SNAP account as recommended by Davenport & Company and Mr. Carroll. VOTE:
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock not present.
2. New Elementary School Reimbursement: At a previous meeting the Board had stated it wanted
to be reimbursed for funds expended for the New Elementary School Project. The total
reimbursement to the CIP Account is $615,882.20, representing $451,830.20 for Architectural and
Engineering work and $164,052.00 for the property. These funds could be transferred after the
monies have been placed in the SNAP Account.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to transfer $615,882.20 from the Loan
Proceeds SNAP account to the CIP account for reimbursement for funds spent by the Board to the
Elementary School Project. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Hancock not present.