332
allocated nor are there any plans right at the moment for this to be funded. When that
time comes, there will be no problem with re-visiting this issue and determining if you
want to reduce the speed or not. He feels the decision was made, based on the fact
that you needed to reduce the speed limit at this time, especially with no bike trail being
constructed at this time.
Mr. Armbrust stated he agreed with Mr. Conrad in that the funds for this hiking/biking
trail were not available at this time and he was not in agreement to reducing the speed
limit until such time as the funds and plans were made available. He is not against the
biking trail.
Mr. Moore is not in favor of changing the speed limit but is in favor of the hiking/biking
trail. Other localities have bike trails along the roadway without lowering the speed
limit. If it works elsewhere, why not here.
Mr. Carter stated that this is a stepping stone to the battlegrounds behind Carver-Price.
This is phase one of many phases that we have to go through in order to achieve the
goal we have in mind of the battleground and the forthcoming tourism projection that
hopefully will come from that. As for the speed limit itself, most places he has been
through, National Parks, etc. the speed limit has been reduced within that specified
area. It is very clear from this Board’s perspective that it is indeed in favor of this biking
trail and will revisit this matter when this becomes more of a reality. He felt that
when the hiking/biking trail was constructed, the speed limit would need to be reduced.
He continues to support the hiking/biking trail.
Mr. Craft stated that lower speed limits are within park areas on park land. This trail
would be on State property and does not meet the criteria for a lower speed limit.
Mr. Carter then presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7 -11)
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Public Hearing on February
6, 2006 and Board of Supervisors Meeting on February 6, 2006.
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
9. Registrar: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $106.70 to the
’ Registrar’s budget for a refund received on a conference that was cancelled after
she had paid her registration.
10. Comprehensive Services Act: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$128,759.00 to the CSA budget to pay bills for the month of February 2006.
Most of these funds will be reimbursed to the locality by the Federal and State
Government.
11. Old Elementary School: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$2,250.00 to the CDBG grant line in the budget for payment that needs to be
made to the architect. These monies will be reimbursed to the County from the
CDBG grant.