3
3.4.1 Lots subdivided as agricultural tracts shall be exempt from the street frontage
requirements in the Zoning Ordinance. Applicants for agricultural subdivision approval
shal! submit to the subdivision agent four (4) copies of a plat conforming to the
requirements set forth in 3.21-Content of Final Plat. Staff approval or denial of
agricultural subdivisions shall be given within five (5) business days of submission by the
surveyor or owner.
3.4.2 Lots subdivided as a pipe stem lot shall have a minimum fifty (50) feet of street frontage.
No more than two (2) stems may abut one another and no more than three (3) pipe stems
Shall be allowed in any 600 foot continuous span of street frontage. The minimum lot
size for a pipe stem lot shall be no less than ten (10) acres.
Family Divisions Section 3.8 Provisions:
3.8.1 No previous transfer under this provision has been granted to the grantee in this county.
The grantor shall provide proof of continuous qualifying family ownership for a minimum
of ten (10) years prior to the conveyance and the grantee shall not convey the new lot
within ten (10) years of recordation to any person(s) other than qualifying family
members as enumerated in Article 1 of the Appomattox County Subdivision Ordinance,
unless otherwise approved by the Board of Supervisors.
3.8.8 A family subdivision plat shall contain the following restrictive covenants:
b. This lot shall not be conveyed within ten (70) years of the date of recordation to any
person(s) other than qualifying family members as enumerated in Article 1 of the
Appomattox County Subdivision Ordinance, unless otherwise approved by the Board
of Supervisors.
Section 6.11 Cul de Sacs:
6.11.4 Minimum frontage for any lot fronting on a cul de sac shall be no less
than twenty-five (25) feet. The lot should progressively get wider and shall meet
the minimum lot width for the respective zoning district at the building setback
line.
Severability
Should any portion or provision of this ordinance be held by any court to be unconstitutional or invalid, that decision
shall not affect the validity of the ordinance as a whole, or any part of the ordinance other than the part held to be
unconstitutional or invalid.
Effective Date
This ordinance is effective upon adoption.
After some discussion regarding each of these Ordinance Changes, Mr. Carter asked that
the Board consider each of the Ordinance Changes separately.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve adoption of the following
changes to the Subdivision Ordinance:
Section 1.4 Definitions:
Subdivision, Agricultural-Any subdivision where the resulting lot or lots contain twenty (20) or
more acres.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve adoption of the
following changes to the Subdivision Ordinance:
Section 3.4 Exemptions for Agricultural Subdivisions: