255
15. Carver Price Complex Preplanning Study: The Management Team for the
Carver Price Complex met on November 10" and reviewed the two scenarios that
were provided for space utilization by HDH. Option B seemed to meet with most
everyone's expectations fro the project.
16. Animal Pound: On November 15” a progress meeting was held at the Animal
Pound and the majority of the work has been completed. If anyone would like to
take a tour of the facility, please contact the County Administrator and a time will
be set up that is convenient for everyone.
17. _E-911 Communications Center: The E-911 center is complete with the
exception of the installation of the equipment. Stop by the office anytime and
someone will take you through the facility.
17A. Job Description for Grant Writer:
Mrs. Ferguson provided the Board Members with a copy of the Job Description
for the Grant Writer. This position will research and identify possible grant
funding opportunities, compose grant applications, proposals and solicit granting
organizations. Everything from finding the grants, carrying through and getting
the money and administering these funds after they are received.
Mrs. Ferguson stated the budget is being strained at the present and we will do our best
to come up with the funding for this position. The funds from January to June will not
be a problem. If we fill this position at the present time, it will take pretty much all the
additional funds we have, which concerns her a little bit. However, this position would
probably we able to bring some funds in, especially, with the old elementary school
project. We had talked about this being a part time position, approximately 20 hours
per week, with no benefits. She has not checked into what a part-time position of this
type would pay. She will check with other localities as to what they pay as well as the
PDC.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the Job Description for a
Grant Writer position on a part-time basis. VOTE: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes-2 absent).
Mr. Carter next asked for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Craft reported on a meeting he attended recently on the Rails to Trails Project.
Apparently the high bridge section from Burkeville to Farmville first, as this is the part
most people will like to see. It will most likely be about 6 years before they get to
Pamplin.
Mr. Carter stated we need to have a volunteer to attend the United Way Celebration and
Rally on December 6" at 5:30 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. at the Lynchburg Academy of Music
Warehouse, Main and Commerce Streets, Lynchburg.
Mr. Moore volunteered to attend this function as the Appomattox County representative.