418
After discussion, Mr. Scherle was told the Board would look into the merits of the
County operating it’s own community service program and inform him of a decision at a
later date.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Scherle and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to commend the Tour De Cure sponsors for their
handling of the event in the County.
Mr. Carter also, asked the status of the telephone system for the Social Services
Department.
Mrs. Ferguson stated she was expecting a letter from Mr. Martin concerning the
maintenance contract for the present telephone system.
Mr. Carter next stated he had received a call from a citizen concerning the possible need
for a lobbyist for the County.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to consider this matter at a
later date.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger began with the first administrative item, the matter of
appointing a Building Code Review Board. Mr. Bosiger explained that several names
had been suggested for appointment to this Board and asked if anyone wished to add a
name or if there were any objections to the names submitted.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint W. S.
Slagle to a one year term, Richard Hamilton to a two year term, Wayne Lewis to a three
year term, Blair Smith to a four year term, and W. A. Stratton to a five year term on the
Building Code Review Board, effective immediately. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for a supplemental appropriation in order to
reimburse for decals issued in error.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $37.50 to 1101-
5803. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a livestock damage claim from James O. Doss.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$247.00 for fowl killed by stray dogs and pay the livestock claim of James O. Doss.