172
Board.
Ms. Lindsay began that she didn’t have anything for the Board except to report that everything
went well with Y2K and that to her knowledge there were no problems reported. Ms. Lindsay
went on to inform the Board of a Route 29 Corridor Study meeting that had been scheduled for
January 18'" from 4:00 to 7:00 P.M. at the Vocational/Technical Center at Yellow Branch. Ms.
Lindsay commented that this did not effect Appomattox County as much as it did Campbell
County but we may be interested in attending.
Mr. Moore then asked if anyone had concerns for Ms. Lindsay?
Hearing none, Mr. Moore stated that he was still concerned with the intersection at the shopping
center on Route 460. Mr. Moore continued that when he comes out on Route 460 at Super Eight
Motel there are some shrubs and a mailbox that obstruct his view that he believes are on the State
right-of-way.
Ms. Lindsay stated that she would look into this and report back to the Board.
Mr. Moore then stated that he had expressed a concern before with gravel that was used for
patching causing flat tires. Mr. Moore said that this continues to be an issue up in the Stonewall
area.
Ms. Lindsay said the patching gravel should not be a problem but she will check on this for the
Board.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Moore thanked and excused her.
Mr. Moore then called on Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court, to appear before the
Board.
Mrs. Williams first congratulated the newly elected members of the Board. Mrs. Williams then
continued that her purpose for meeting with the Board was to encourage them to strongly support
the census efforts and if they had any say in the hiring of the individuals to take the census they
should be sure to find reliable people who were not afraid to venture into some of the rather
dangerous areas of the County. Mrs. Williams continued that her concern was due to the fact that
in prior years people had been overlooked because of the area in which they lived. In closing
Mrs. Williams thanked the Board for the benefits provided to her staff by the County.
Mr. Carwile stated that Mrs. Williams presence said a lot about the importance of this census.
Mr. Carwile continued that it is very important that the census te done properly in order that the
County receive it’s proper share of funding.
Being nothing further for Mrs. Williams she was thanked and-excused and Mr. Moore called on
Mr. Ben Marshall and Mr. Doyle Martin to appear beforethe Board.