621
Mr. & Mrs. John N. Alexa came forward and stated there were several
houses in this area and they are opposed to the rezoning because they
feel it will lower the value of their property.
Mr. Russell Hudson spoke next and stated that he was not in opposition
to one mobile home going on these lots but he is opposed to rezoning to
R-2 because more than one mobile home could be placed on this
property. Mr. Hudson wanted to know if the property could be left R-1
and allow only one (1) mobile home per lot.
Mr. Paulette stated that these were questions that need to be answered
in the Planning Commission meeting following the public hearing.
Mr. Paulette asked for further comments on these petitions. Hearing
none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-248 of Phyllis M. Smith for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow home occupation (telephone marketing) .
Property is zoned R-1 and is located on Route 733 between Route 727 and
dead end.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mrs. Phyllis Smith came forward and stated that her desire was to run a
home occupation, a diet control program, telephone marketing. She
stated there would be no increase in traffic and no outdoor signs.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to speak regarding this
petition.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next
petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-249 of Ernest and Pat Mayberry for
a Conditional Zoning Permit to allow a mobile home in R-1. Property is
located on Route 727 between Route 644 and Route 604.
Mr. Paulette asked for comments on this petition.
Shirley Mayberry, her daughter and son-in-law came forward and stated
they did not want to rezone the property, only allow their daughter an
son-in-law to place a mobile home on one of their lots. Mrs. Mayberry
explained that there were other mobile homes in this area. Mrs.
Mayberry explained that their daughter planned this as a temporary
situation until they could afford to build.
Qr
Mr. Paulette called for other comments. Hearing none, he asked Mr.
Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-250 of Thomas A. Goin to rezone
property from R-1 to R-2. Property is located on Route 645 between
Route 733 and Route 604.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this request.