128
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, Virginia, that the General Assembly and the Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia
are requested to take action in connection with the next regular session of the General Assembly
of Virginia to enact laws that will prevent further exploitative payday lending practices, including
but not limited to:
1. Enactment of an annual interest rate cap of 36% for any consumer loans made in
the Commonwealth of Virginia:
2. Prohibition of the use of a personal check or other method by a creditor to gain
access to a consumer's bank account or method to gain title to a consumer’s motor
vehicle as collateral for a payday loan; and
3. Enactment of supplementary and complementary provisions which mirror the
provisions of what is commonly referred to as the Talent-Nelson Amendment (Senate
Amendment 4331), entitled “Terms of Consumer Credit Extended To Service Member
Or Service Member's Dependent” and referenced on page $6352 of the June 22,
2006 Congressional Record — Senate, a copy of which is annexed to and incorporated
by reference in this resolution. (SEE BOARD FILE)
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Tobacco Commission Economic Development Grant:
In May, the County submitted a Southside Economic Development Committee
grant for CVCC Phase 2 that was kicked out on a technicality. After consultation
with the Tobacco Commission legal counsel, the grant can be resubmitted with a
certain legal agreement being made between the County and CVCC. This
agreement is being addressed at this time so that the grant can be resubmitted
by the November 1, second round deadline.
Recommendation: Staff recommends Board to adopt resolution that will be
presented Monday evening authorizing this grant to be resubmitted.
Mr. Spencer commented that in May we submitted this grant application in the first
round in the allocation process. Some similar grants for other counties were basically
kicked out and referred to the educational committee all resulting from the bond counsel
for this year having a role in saying which grants are eligible for which pot of money.
This gets very technical and Mr. Overstreet has looked over the Greenville County
application which did actually get signed with their community college. We are working
with CVCC to make sure that same agreement can be tied between counties, tobacco
commissions and CVCC, basically stating who will be responsible for what in terms of
accountability and what the money will be used for. We are attempting to re-submit this
grant application by November i, 2007, with the agreement to be signed once the
Tobacco Commission presents us with final copy.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION TO ENDORSE THE APPLICATION FOR VIRGINIA TOBACCO
INDEMNIFICATION AND COMMUNITY REVITALIZATION COMMISSION
EDUCATION GRANT PROGRAM FUNDS TO ADDRESS WORKFORCE
DEVELOPMENT AND EDUCATION NEEDS IN THE COUNT OF APPOMATTOX