507
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District (arrived late)
ABSENT: Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:03 P.M. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Carter called for the first order of business:
Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Hancock stated that as the Boards representative on the Redistricting Committee that he had
some concerns regarding the Redistricting Schedule. He then requested that Mr. Carroll present the
Board with a modified schedule and explanation.
Mr. Carroll presented each Board Member with a copy of this schedule. There is a possibility that
Appomattox may have to have a primary this upcoming election year. The new schedule suggests
that we have a Formal Public Hearing on May 7", with a special meeting on May 14" which we
could possibly combine with another session, possibly a budget meeting. We could then submit
everything to the Department of Justice and the State by May 15". If the Board wishes, we can place
this on the Agenda for the next meeting to be voted upon.
By consensus, the Board agreed to vote on the Redistricting Schedule on Monday, April 23, 2001.
Being no further discussion or concerns, Mr. Carter stated that it was necessary to enter into a closed
session in accordance with §2.1-344(A)-3 to discuss acquisition of real property for public purposes.
At 6:05 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into a closed session to
discuss acquisition of property for public purposes. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 6:27 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Hancock the Board returned to open
session. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and