293
Mr. Bosiger then stated that the signs VDOT had erected on Route 604 across
from C & E Grocery had been removed. He continued that C & E Grocery
wanted to put a parking lot on the property across from C & E and wondered if
this was permitted under the Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Paulette next informed the other members of the Board that a public hearing
needed to be scheduled for revision of the Six Year Transportation Plan.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, November 3, 1997 at 6:30 p.m.
was set as the date for the public hearing on revisions to the six year plan.
Mr. Paulette explained that since we were ahead of schedule he would begin with
the Administrative Items.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival
for use of the Courthouse Square during the festival.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow the Historic
Appomattox Railroad Festival Board the use of the Courthouse Square during
Railroad Festival weekend. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then turned the Board’s attention to a letter from Wayne Bowman,
Forester Supervisor, advising that he did not feel we needed a Gypsy Moth
Coordinator at this time.
The Board directed Ms. Ferguson to notify Mr. Bob Grace, County Gypsy Moth
Program Coordinator, of Mr. Bowman’s recommendation.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Terry Reid, President of the Virginia
Association of Municipal Wastewater Agency, Inc., requesting the Boards support
for changes to the Chesapeake Bay Model.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to support the
suggested changes to the Chesapeake Bay Model.
Mr. Paulette then presented appropriation requests from the Sheriff's Department,
Litter Grant, Comprehensive Services Act, Draper Aden Associates and the Law
Library.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate the
following:
$107.81 to 3102-5409
$4,294.00 to 3301-7001
$1,531.00 to 4206-5413
$2,607.00 to 5301-3001