349
At 6:36 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to give the
invocation.
Mr. Carter welcomed everyone present and stated the first item of business was the
Citizen’s Public Comments:
Mr. Kevin O’Brien of Route 3, Box 53, Appomattox came forward and stated they there
had been a great outpouring at the Public Hearing regarding Mobile Homes as Accessory
buildings. The majority of the citizens do not wish to see this ordinance put into effect.
The Planning Commission and a lot of citizens are concerned about the way this County
is beginning to look. A lot of people that voiced their opinions against this ordinance are
people who are involved in the mobile home business in some capacity. After talking to
some of these people he is of the opinion that the County needs to set some guidelines,
possibly a conditional use so we can control how and where and that they are put up
properly and that they meet the required zoning ordinances. The Board needs to take
some type of action on this issue. He thinks that we should modify the draft ordinance
and urges the Board to take some type of stance on these units. He still feels that in areas
where mobile homes are not allowed as residences, should still be zoned against the use
of these as storage facilities.
Mr. Carter questioned if the Planning Commission was going to revisit this issue.
Mr. O’Brien stated that this was totally from a personal aspect and he was speaking for
himself.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Gary Heiser - Department of Forestry to address the
Board. Mr. Heiser is here to present the Board with a check for a portion of the funds
received from the sale of timber from the Appomattox-Buckingham State Forest.
Mr. Heiser stated that the State Forestry Department is a self supporting operation and
does not receive does not receive any tax money for its operation. It generates revenue
through the sale of timber. This past year they sold around $187,000 worth of income.
In lieu of taxes they pay out 25% of this income to the County. This year this amounts to
$48,416. Mr. Heiser also stated there was not a lot of news regarding the Forestry
Department this year. The timber sales was 71 acres of final harvest and 150 acres of
pine thinning. The good news is that they have about 25% more volume of forests than
they did last year
Mr. Heiser answered several questions regarding the management of the forest and the
history of the Forestry Department.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Heiser for his presentation of the check and also for answering
the questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Bill Hogan, President — Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department to address the Board. Mr. Hogan is requesting that the Board adopt a
349