445
everyone is counted. Mr. Conrad stated that maybe we could consider tabling this to
study it further and then review at the next meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would try to go through ali the given material and pull out
the information that is pertinent to Appomattox and if the Board would pull out what they
feel is important maybe we can down size this material.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until the next Board meeting.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — Soil and Erosion Control Permit
Refund Request and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to refund Mr. Keith Torrence in the amount of $85.00 for a
duplicated Soil and Erosion Permit. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for further discussion, hearing no other comments, Chairman
Conrad called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6 — Gladstone Volunteer Fire
Department presented their call information for the year of 2008 and also requested an
Appomattox representative to serve on the Gladstone Volunteer Fire Department Board
of Directors.
Mr. Moore stated that he has been unsuccessful in finding someone to serve on the
Gladstone Volunteer Fire Department Board of Directors.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had offered his help in finding someone to serve in this
capacity. Mr. Tanner stated that the Gladstone Volunteer Fire Department is a very good
organization and they play a vital role in fire suppression that is greatly needed in that
area of the County. Mr. Tanner stated that he and Mr. Moore would continue to look for
someone that is willing to serve in this capacity.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7 — Building Permitting System
Upgrade with RDA Systems and called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad pointed out that money was put in the FY09 budget for a permitting system.
Mr. Spencer came forward to give an update on the building permit system with RDA
Systems. Mr. Spencer explained that we are currently operating with a program that has
many limitations and that has no backup method. Mr. Spencer also stated that he had
spoken with several companies with smaller programs that would do what we needed
them to do and only one of those was willing to come on site and give a demonstration.
RDA Systems currently works with our school system and has been working with them
for over fourteen years and he feels confident that they will continue to be around if
needed for many more years. Mr. Spencer stated that the software and the training is
going to cost approximately $19, 500. If they are allowed to purchase the server and