678
Please appropriate by consent a supplemental appropriation in the amount of
$513.08 for reimbursement received from the school for officers working after-
school activities.
Please appropriate by consent a supplemental appropriation in the amount of
$214.83 for reimbursement from the U. S. Dept. of Justice for Organized Drug
Enforcement Task Forces overtime.
9. Building and Housing: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $56.99 for code books reimbursed by a
contractor.
10. Building and Housing: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $214.41 to reimburse contractor for building
permit that can no longer be used due to lot being sold as land only — no
dwelling.
Mr. Conrad called attention to two (2) bills to Craddock-Cunningham that should be
removed from the list of bills to be paid.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Consent Agenda
as presented excluding the two (2) bills for Craddock-Cunningham Architectural
Partners. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 11-15)
11. Appomattox County Public Schools: Financial report for October 2004 for
the school system.
12. Town of Appomattox: Copy of Council Agenda for the Town of Appomattox
for November 18, 2004.
13. Department of Transportation: First Quarterly report for FY2005 has been
provided by VDOT.
14. Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District: Minutes of September
23, 2004 Board of Directors Meeting.
15. Appomattox County Parks, Recreation & Tourism: Activities report from
Anne Dixon for November 2004.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any plans in the near future dealing with repairs at the
Community Center.
Ms. Ferguson stated that all the buildings have been looked at and no one will be doing
any painting now, due to cold weather. This will be addressed again in the Spring.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS: