636
aye.
2. School Board Letter: Dr. Krug has written the Board expressing the concern of the School
Board regarding health insurance premiums for employees. The additional cost of providing
this coverage to school employees would be approximately $69,000 this fiscal year.
Mr. Carter had a question regarding paragraph 2 , “For many years the School Board had a health
insurance policy solely for its employees. Several years ago the county requested to join the group
and benefit from belonging to a larger group. The School board agreed to this arrangement with the
idea that it would lower the costs of health insurance for employees in both entities.” Would not this
arrangement have been of benefit to the School Board as well as the County?
Also in paragraph 3, “In recent years, the portion of health insurance costs paid by the county for its
employees has exceeded that paid by the School Board for its staff in most years. The county had
paid the full employee share for a number of years while the School Board has been able to pay the
full cost for the employee-only share for its workers only once in the past few years”.
Is this not based on how the county adjusts it’s budget expenditures that allows them to be able to
cover these insurance premiums for its employees?
Mr. Kendrick stated that during the budget process the School had a choice to pay full or not pay full.
He does not think any one county employee should be treated differently. Are we not stepping into
their decision making process. He also does not want this to come up every year during the budget
process.
He also feels the board needs to meet with the School and have this discussion.
Mr. Carwile feels if we agree to their request, we would be opening a Pandora’s box.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to meet with the School Board and discuss
the insurance premium issues. Vote: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carwile reminded the other Board Members that they needed to act on the Resolution from
Louisa County regarding biosolids under Item 1 - Biosolids.
Mr. Kendrick called for discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt the Board should support this resolution.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board adopt this Resolution on
Biosolids from Louisa County as presented.
WHEREAS, the land application of sewage sludge, sometimes referred to as “biosolids”, is
regulated in accordance with regulations adopted by the State Board of Health; and