443
meetings, gas money, etc. He is telling you this because he wants everyone to know
that the IDA members are taxpayers too. They volunteer their services and it bothers
him that they get accused of all problems, when we all want the same thing.
Mr. Lewis stated that the fact is that the residential taxes will not support local
government. Without business and industry we will face higher personal property and
real estate taxes. The reason for getting this infrastructure into place is to allow
business and industry, business includes tourism, hotels, restaurants, theme parks.
Nothing will come here outside the town limits, of which there is little left, being
dependent on a well system. The taxpayers cannot afford not to have this development
and this is the primary reason we have become a “bedroom” community.
Mr. Hancock spoke about the comment about the county spending 9 million dollars. At
the last report, Appomattox was going to spend about 4.7 million dollars. Campbell
County Utilities Department will put the waterline to Concord, regardless of whether or
not Appomattox participates. The service authority can only function on user fees. The
people who use it be the people to pay for it.
Mr. Conner commented that the price listed in this study for Appomattox County has not
been negioated and so this is not the final price. It could be significantly less.
Mr. Carter thanked the IDA for their participation.
Kevin H. O’Brien - He is one of those who left the County and came back. The
population of Appomattox County has not changed significantly in 4 years. Does anyone
know how much water does this county actually use. He knows that the Town has some
idea on theirs, but he is interested in knowing about how much water the County uses.
We had a drought a couple of years ago and that scared a lot of people. He has some
reports from a local well driller. The town has eighteen (18) wells producing almost 800
gallons per minute and that is nothing compared to how many.wells there are in the
County. The Appomattox River was considered as a possibility for water. The
statement was made regarding aquifers in the County. He has talked with the Danville
Water Authority and was told that there were aquifers everywhere. No one knows
everything about this county. Farmville businesses are using wells to supply their water.
They also draw water from the Appomattox River. How much water does the industrial
park need. He thinks they should drill wells and if and when they need a larger water
supply then maybe they can justify a waterline from Lynchburg. He does not think that
the sharing of a waterline with another county is in the best interest of Appomattox
County. He suggests that the Town relinquish it water system to a PSA and take the
politics out of it. The county should use the resources we have in the county. He would
venture to ask anybody on either of these Boards that has been to Fred Jones, who has
been in the well business for years, to ask him about this. Mr. Jones knows more about
there the water is in the county than anyone he knows. We need to utilize the
resources that we have in the county.
Earl Pickett: Mr. Pickett is representing the Farm Bureau which includes about 1100
members. As he sees it about 90% of the people are against the waterline. They feel