666
Mr. Carter invited Mr. & Mrs. Lewis to explain their reason for requesting to meet with
the Board.
Mrs. Lewis began by saying that they owned twenty-five acres in the Bent Creek area
that was zoned A-1. Mrs. Lewis continued that there were presently two mobile homes
located on this property that their children were living in. Mrs. Lewis stated that they
were never under the impression that they could not locate more mobile homes on this
land because they had other plans for the property. Mrs. Lewis said what they had
wanted to do and what they had started on was putting another mobile home on the
property but it was actually set up for two more. Mrs. Lewis continued that they wanted
to set this mobile home for a family thing. She continued that they had a lot of people
who come in from out of town and they wanted a place for them to stay. Mrs. Lewis
continued that they had already purchased a trailer. She said that it took them two
months to get everything perked and set up. Mrs. Lewis said that when she went after her
permit she was told of the ordinance change. Mrs. Lewis stated that she followed the
rules as she was told and feels that she should be able to install this mobile home. Mrs.
Lewis said that these mobile home installations would not interfere with anybody else
because the land was so far out. Mrs. Lewis again said that they had money tied up and
would appreciate the Board allowing them to complete this project.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lewis if this third mobile home was not for his uncle?
Mr. Lewis stated that his uncle lived in Lynchburg and if they could get this mobile home
set up then he could come on down here. Mr. Lewis stated that he could not understand
why he could not get this hooked up.
Mr. & Mrs. Lewis answered questions pertaining to their property and their request.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion Mrs. Ferguson and Mr. Lawson were asked to review the ordinances and
see what the options are for Mr. & Mrs. Lewis.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. & Mrs. Lewis and called on Mr. Richard Martin to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Martin came forward and asked if Mrs. Joyce Jamerson would join him since she
was also involved in the issue that he wished to discuss.
Mrs. Jamerson came forward and joined Mr. Martin.
Mr. Martin began that his reason for coming before the Board was to try to impress upon
the Board the need for at least a part time position to take care of the administrative needs
of the CSA program in the County. Mr. Martin continued by giving a break down of the
make up of the committee and a brief explanation of the purpose and duties of the various
committees associated with CSA. Mr. Martin explained that the individual departments