534
Mr. Wade Adams was the next person to speak. Mr. Adams stated he lived in
the county and is a neighbor of Mr. Craft’s. He is not against the water issue, ifit is needed. He fails to see how the County can afford to spend $18 million to
get water from Lynchburg. We would be beholden to the City of Lynchburg for
just about whatever they wanted to do. This would be a serious mistake.
Appomattox is a small county and we do not have a broad tax base. How can
the County add $18 million to the debt we already have and survive. We could
spend $25,000 to $50,000 and drill whatever new wells we need. He is strongly
opposed to getting water from Lynchburg. We have many retired citizens who
are on a fixed income and cannot stand anymore taxes. Before a decision is
made, place this as a referendum and let the people decide.
At 7:17 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Citizen Comment Period.
The next item on the agenda was an appearance by Charles M. Warner to speak
to the Board regarding the celebration of the 150 Anniversary of the
Community of Evergreen.
Mr. Warner was not present. Mr. Craft stated he may be attending a
preplanning meeting on May 13" at 7:00 p.m. regarding this event.
Mr. Carter next presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-5)
1. Law Enforcement Agreement with Town of Appomattox:
The Agreement with the Town of Appomattox for the Sheriff to provide
law enforcement services within the corporate limits of the Town. This
agreement is renewed every two (2) years.
Mrs. Ferguson called attention to Item 1 (B) the wording and figure amount may
need changing. Discussion centered around what the State would allow and
what the Town and County agreed upon. Mrs. Ferguson will talk with David
Garrett regarding this.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to appoint Mr. Conrad and
Mr. Craft to negotiate with the Town on the upcoming Law Enforcement
Contract. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission
has submitted its recommendations on the Shrink/Swell Soils Policy.
“Prior to the issuance of a building permit for construction on dwellings,
commercial and industrial uses the Building Official shall locate the
property and building site on the soil map drafter for Appomattox County.
The soil of the property shall be identified in the Soil Survey of