210
2. Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Parade: The Historic AppomattoxRailroad Festival Parade Committee has asked if you wish to participate in theParade this year. If you wish to Participate you need to decide if you will wantto ride or walk.
After some discussion the Board decided to participate in the Railroad Festival Paradebut would like to ride.
3. CVCC Satellite: We have been notified of some possible funding that willenable CVCC to move forward with the establishing of a satellite campus inAppomattox sooner than expected. There is still an issue of space for their
campus. We are working on the possibility of scaling down the original project
at the old elementary school and possibly moving this project forward. I have
instructed HDH to do an intensive inspection of an area at the old elementary
school that could be used now and provide cost estimates for the necessary work
to get this project moving. The County Administrator would like permission to
give CVCC the go ahead for locking in this funding if the cost estimates arewithin reason.
Mr. Carter stated he felt this was good news.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the fundings available were not for renovation of the building,but for everything they need to get data lines run and that type of improvements. TheOpportunity is there and hopefully we can get something up and running by next
summer, if we can move ahead with this project. What we are doing is trying to get
some cost estimates and if they seem reasonable, she would like to tell CVCC to goahead with their application and we will help them work something out. We would thendiscuss funding and make the necessary repairs, etc. She does not want to imply thatthey are giving up on re-doing the entire third grade wing, but at the present time itmakes more sense to go with a smaller area and do what is necessary while we arewaiting for funding from CVBG that would help do the whole wing which CVCC willeventually occupy. The ultimate goal is for CVCC to occupy the entire wing which willgive them more classrooms but in the beginning they can work with fewer classrooms
and make a presence in the community which would allow them to see how well this willbe received and give us a better picture as well.
Also this area is one we are having some problems with and we will need to address
these issues in the near future, so we will be able to “kill two birds with one stone”, plusonce CVCC is able to move to the third grade wing, that part will already have been
restored to be use for some other purpose. There are several good reason for moving
forward with this project.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to give Ms. Ferguson permission tomove forward with the CVCC Satellite Campus at the Old Elementary School. VOTE: Mr.