9906
someone got a “bee in their bonnet” about something he was doing that the County may
decide to have a “knee jerk” action that will effect him. Mr. Lambson stated that he did
feel there might be some merit to larger lot sizes but he felt the proposed road frontage
and set back changes were somewhat restrictive. Mr. Lambson cautioned the Board to
take a hard look at whatever they did and to always act in the best interest of the entire
County.
Mr. Bosiger called upon Allen Marston to appear before the Board.
Mr. Marston came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 134, Red House, Virginia.
Mr. Marston continued by saying that Bennie Marston was his father and that they
operated a construction business. Mr. Marston stated that his father had been building
quality homes in Appomattox County for more than twenty-five years. Mr. Marston
stated that their concern was for young people that may not be able to afford to purchase
more than one acre of land to build on. Mr. Marston continued that if these people were
forced to purchase larger lots they may have to purchase mobile homes instead of
building a home in order to offset the cost. Mr. Marston is also concerned that if you
impose larger lot sizes you may be forcing people to go to other counties to find more
affordable lots to build on. Mr. Marston stated in closing that he would hope the Board
of Supervisors would allow him to continue with what his father has started with no more
restrictions than his father has had.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Lester Goin.
Mr. Goin came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Goin began that most of the people had voiced most of his concerns. However, Mr. Goin
stated that he had one concern that had not been addressed. Mr. Goin continued that he
had one tract of land that contained approximately 400 acres with no road frontage.
Mr. Goin continued that if the Board was going to kill his land then he felt that his taxes
should be reduced accordingly. Mr. Goin stated that he had another farm that had a little
road frontage but this proposal would hurt him. Mr. Goin continued that what he was
about to say would probably make a lot of people mad but he felt that the people that
could afford the 300 foot of road frontage per lot is who they should be taxing and then
the Board would make them mad and they would see that the Board was out of office
soon.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Mike Burcher to come forward.
Mr. Burcher came forward and gave his address as Route 4, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Burcher began that he was a little concerned about some of the aspects of the proposed
changes. Mr. Burcher stated that he had just built a new home in the Oakville area within
the last year. Mr. Burcher continued that if these changes went into effect he would not
be able to build his house on this lot because it contained a little over four acres. Mr.
Burcher stated that he felt the 300-foot setback was excessive and that when he was
seventy years old he did not want to be shoveling snow from a three hundred-foot
driveway. Mr. Burcher stated that he did not feel that what he could do with his land