510
Mrs. Ferguson also made the Board aware of a proposal to do away with
annual vehicle inspection.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to go
on record supporting continuing annual vehicle inspection. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, is genuinely
concerned with the safety of all its citizens; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is not only
concerned with the safety of local citizens; but also those across our
Commonwealth and those individuals who visit our state and area; and
WHEREAS, to abolish the annual state inspection of vehicles would be
detrimental to all motoring public; and
WHEREAS, it is vital to all our citizens to keep a properly equipped
and maintained vehicle on our highways;
NOW, therefore, be it resolved that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, meeting in regular session on October 3, 1994 and all
members present and voting aye, do hereby adamantly oppose the
elimination of annual state inspections.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator to close several container sites in the Oakville area.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve closing the
container sites at Bent Creek and Route 611. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson pointed the Board’s attention to articles discussing
possible rail routes through our area.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
have Mrs. Ferguson contact Watkins Abbitt requesting he ire this
rail proposal. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next informed the Board of a meeting scheduled on Octobe
13, 1994 at 7:30 P.M., with other local officials, to discuss questions
on the Regional Jail Project.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence and Mr. Carwile both stated they would
be attending.
tr