560
decisions on behalf of their county as to all contracts relative to the project, as long as the One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000.00) budget is not exceeded. No contracts shall be entered into or obligations made for payment for
services without consent of both county administrators in writing.
4. Submission of Report to Board.
The county administrators shall prepare a report for the Boards of Supervisors
including the Community Based Corrections Plan, the Planning Study, a preliminary financing plan and a preliminary
operational plan for a regional jail serving the two counties, including the option of contracting with another regional
jail authority, such as the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority, to operate the regional jail.
5. Effect of Second Memorandum of Understanding.
Nothing in this Second Memorandum of Understanding shall bind either
of the Boards of Supervisors to any obligation beyond those set forth herein, and either of the counties can decide not to
proceed with the project following the submission of the report.
6. Acquisition of Land in Amherst County.
Amherst County has signed an Option to purchase 125 acres of land
known as the Jarvis Tract. Both Amherst and Appomattox County acknowledge this entire acreage will not be needed
for the Regional Jail. Initially, the purchase of this property shall be funded by Amherst County. Amherst County and
Appomattox County, in conjunction with the Virginia Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority, shall determine how much
acreage will be needed for the proposed Regional Jail Site, its fair market value, and to whom it should be transferred.
Upon determination, Appomattox County agrees to pay Amherst County the monies owed for its share of the value of
the real estate to be used for the Regional Jail site at a date to be determined. The share or proportion to be paid by
Appomattox County shall be based upon the population of the two (2) counties as set forth in the 2000 U.S. Census.
WHEREFORE, the parties evidence their agreement to enter into this Memorandum of Understanding by their duly
authorized signatures below.
AMHERST COUNTY APPOMATTOX COUNTY
By: By:
Rodney Taylor Aileen T. Ferguson
County Administrator County Administrator
Revised November 27, 2006
4. Planning Commission Recommendations: Johnnie Roark, Planner and the
Planning Commission have made the following recommendations from the
November 27, 2006 public hearing:
RZ006005 — Travis Ford: For reason of public necessity, convenience, general
welfare, and good zoning practice to approve rezoning property from M-1,
Industrial to B-1 Commercial. Property is located on Route 460 (Richmond
Highway) between Route 609 (Phoebe Pond Road and Route 667 (Hummingbird
Lane), tax map #60 (4) B containing 5.05 acres. Approximately .095 acres to
the rear of the property would remain zoned M-1.
RZO06006 — B & F Holdings, LLC/Robert C. Stephens: For reason of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice to approve
rezoning property from R-1 Residential to R-2 Residential. Property is located on
Route 609 (Phoebe Pond Road) between the Campbell County line and Route
460 (Richmond Highway), tax map #s 72-(2)-9, 72-(2)-10, 72-(2)-11, 72-(2)-12
and 72-(2)-13 containing 2.4 acres.