525
between Route 616 and Route 655. Property is zoned V-1. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Conner asked the Board if property was subdivided with lot sizes
meeting the requirements for A-1 district could the County legally
rezone this subdivision?
After discussion, Mr. Lawson was asked to review this matter and make 4a
recommendation to the Board at a later meeting.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. Conner.
Mr. Torrence asked if any Supervisor had items for discussion.
Mr. Torrence stated that he hoped that by the November 15, 1994 meeting
we would have enough information to proceed with "super sites" in the
Evergreen, Pamplin and Stonewall areas.
After a lengthy discussion, the Board by consensus, agreed to meet on
November 8, 1994 at 1:00 P.M. at the container site on Route 648.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to present the Administrative Items
for action.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the first administrative item which was a
request from Sheriff Richardson for approval to proceed with a contract
for electronic monitoring for certain offenders.
After review of the contract Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by
Mrs. Beasley to approve the contract for electronic monitoring. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained to the Board that Mr. Roland Murphy’s tern
on the Community Services Board expires December 31, 1994 and that Mr.
Murphy is not interested in serving another term.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appoint Mr. Edward Bushong to the Community Services Board for a term
of three (3) years, ending December 31, 1998. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson provided information to the Board on insurance coverage
on the large garbage containers.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
requested to find out the amount of the deductible on this coverage,
for the December 1994 meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson next requested a supplemental appropriation to replace
funds used to notify citizens concerning the referendum.