350
resolution regarding the need for the creation of a First Responder program by the
Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department.
Mr. Hogan introduced Mr. Keith Vogt who is also with the Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department. Since Pamplin is on the outlying border of Appomattox/ Prince Edward
Counties, generally speaking it takes a rescue squad on the average of 20 to 30 minutes
for a squad to reach the scene. If the squad comes from Farmville or Charlotte County it
still takes the same amount of time or longer. Pamplin is fortunate in that about one-
quarter of their fire department personnel are trained EMT’s or higher. Several years ago
the fire department started getting medical calls — CPR in progress, heart attacks, etc. We
started thinking that obviously there was a need for this type of service. That raised
questions about liability issues of responding to a medical incidence instead of a fire.
Mr. Hogan explained that a First Responder program is. Basically it is a medical
emergency person what can respond quickly, provide first aid, CPR if necessary, set a
broken bone or communicate with the rescue squad that is en-route to let them know
what you have, the status of the patient while they are on the way. A First Responder is
NOTa transporting agency. The rescue squad still has to respond. They are not trying to
replace the rescue squad, but supplement what they do because in a life-threatening
situation every minute counts. They have finally gotten their ducks in a row and there is
a lot of paper work involved in the licensing process. One of the thing necessary is a
resolution from governing body dedicating them as an “Emergency Medical Service
Provider for the County.
They are well on the way to getting this done. They have started getting donations from
citizens, Spout Spring Ruritan Club, Prince Edward Board of Supervisors has donated
$2,500. He is not asking the County for any monies tonight, but they will be putting it in
their b udget request for next year. T he City of Chesapeake has given them a vehicle
which needs a little work, but it was free. Things have started coming in, but they still
have a lot of things they need to buy. They would like to be operational by the end of
this year.
Mr. Carwile questioned if the donation from Prince E dward was strictly for the EMT
program or the fire department. The answer was the EMT program only.
Mr. Carter stated that the Pamplin Town Council has already adopted a motion to create
the Pamplin Medical Emergency Services program.
After a brief question and answer period, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE RESOLUTION
The purpose of this resolution is to take the required initial steps by the Town of
Pamplin to enable an Emergency Medical Service (EMS) agency to form under the
Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department.
350