419
Mr. Torrence next reminded the Board that an appointment needed to be
made to the Central Virginia Community College Board.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Esterline
McCraw to the Central Virginia Community College Board. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
The appointment to STEPS, Inc. Board of Directors was discussed. It
was agreed to check with Richard Martin, Director, Social Services, to
see if he had a suggestion.
Mr. Torrence next informed the Board that Road Viewers need to be
appointed.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Claude Allen
Moore, V. O. Mims, and John Ranson, Sr. to be Road Viewers for 1994.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Next on the agenda was the subject of appointments to the School Board.
Ms. Ora McCoy (Piney Mountain District) and Mr. Sammy Scott (Wreck
Island District) terms expire June 30, 1994. After discussion, Ms.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore for Mrs. Ferguson to
proceed with the application process. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Lawson presented a written request for appointments to the Youth
Services Commission.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to make the following
appointments and re-appointments:
Judy Mawyer - Term to expire 8/97
Wilson Staples - Term to expire 8/97
Patsy Wilson - Term to expire 4/98
Stephanie Coleman - Term to expire 4/98
Barry Elder - Term to expire 8/97
Charlene Lawson - Term to expire 8/97
Ben Mawyer - Student - Term to expire 5/95
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson presented a supplemental appropriation request of
$8,501.00 for the Summer Youth Program for the remainder of FY94.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $8,501.00 for the Summer Youth Program
for FY94. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
The next request that was presented was for inmate housing for the jail
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a
supplemental appropriation in the amount of $4,894.78 for inmate