40
Recommendation is to accept the 8 x 12 shelter (ACPS -1A quote) at a price of
$22,005.00 from VFP of Roanoke and the $7,250.00 bid from Bass & Milton
Construction Company to replace the existing generator and switch gear.
After a brief explanation by Mr. Wingfield, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr.
Armbrust to accept the low bid from VFP of $22,005.00 to construct a 8 x 12 concrete
structure to house the radio equipment on Tower Hill and also to accept the bid from
Bass and Milton Construction Company of $7,250.00 to replace the existing generator
and switch gear. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Wingfield gave an update on the E-911 system. They have been in operation for
five (5) months and as of today they have received 23,591 calls. He never imagined we
would have anywhere near that many calls. This includes sheriff’s, rescue squad, fire
department and animal warden calls.
Mr. Wingfield explained that we now have cell phones on line and when the accident
happened with the four individuals in the jeep recently, at approximately 2:30 a.m. on
Trent’s Mill Road (Washout Gap) the call came in from a cell phone and E911 was able
to lock in to his location. The response time was approximately 12 minutes. Without
our present equipment, it would have taken approximately one hour to have located this
accident. He also commented on the excellent job his dispatchers are doing.
9. Land Use Assessment Legislation: Ms. Ferguson stated that during this
difficult process of considering whether land use assessment is appropriate for
Appomattox County several issues were mentioned that the present legislation
would not allow us to do. One of the issues that she remembers was a concern
that the ordinance could only be implemented the year prior to a reassessment
and another issue that was of concern to some members of the Board was that
the Commissioner of Revenue would set the assessed value of the land that was
to be included in land use assessment taxation.
Please consider whether you would like to address these and any other matters
that you have concerns over in a letter to our legislators.
Mr. Carter expressed his thoughts on this subject:
“The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors acknowledges the needs of our citizens
to orchestrate an Ordinance on “Land Use”. The unknowns have been addressed
previously by the Board and need to be resolved if “Land Use” can be passed and not
cast a heavy burden on the taxpayers in the future.
In order for the Board to move forward, we need help from our state legislators. This
help should consist of the following: 1) tax rate on land per acre currently structured by
the Commissioner of Revenue shall be determined by the Board of Supervisors; 2) time
frame of enactment for the Ordinance to go into effect is only during reassessment
years and should be changed to the discretion of each locality.