377|
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on March
9, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: Garet K. Bosiger- Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting and welcomed the members of the School Board
and the Superintendent of Schools. Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Selz, Chairman of the
School Board if he wished to report on behalf of the School Board.
Mr. Selz began by explaining the School Board was not prepared at this time to present a
budget but would like to explain some areas that would increase in the budget.
Mr. Selz then presented the Board of Supervisors with a handout which included
information on the Standards of Accreditation and the Schools budget goals. (Handout on
file in the Board file for March 1998.)
Mr. Selz then went through the handout explaining in detail the various needs that were
included.
After Mr. Selz’ explanation, Supervisors asked questions concerning the information that
had been presented.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused the School Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mrs. Tina Carter to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger began by explaining to the other members of the Board that a letter had been
received from Hurt and Proffitt addressing methane gas migration and groundwater
monitoring at the landfill.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would explain in greater detail the methane gas
migration problem.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that methane levels on one of the gas monitoring wells had
exceeded the limits and that measures were going to have to be taken to correct this
problem. Mrs. Ferguson continued that Hurt and Proffitt had determined that a gas plume
approximately 275 feet in width was moving towards the property line. Mrs. Ferguson
continued that Hurt and Proffitt proposed installing 12” gas vents to bedrock or