38
Appomattox County Administrator
Aileen T. Ferguson
P.O. Box 863
Appomattox, Va 24522
(434) 352-2637
Other Provisions
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with current laws or regulations of Virginia or the jurisdiction. If a term
of this Agreement is inconsistent with such authority, then that term shall be invalid, but the remaining terms and
conditions of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
Modification
This agreement may be modified upon the mutual written consent of the parties.
Termination
The terms of this agreement, as modified with the consent of both parties, will remain in effect until June 30, 2008, in
accordance with Award Document, dated July 1, 2006. Either party upon 30 days written notice to the other party may
terminate this Agreement.
Source Funding and Administration
The source of funding to accomplish the objectives is the 2006 Homeland Security Grant Program, CFDA # 97.067 (local
share funding from State Homeland Security Program and Law Enforcement Terrorism Prevention Program). These
monies will be sufficient to pay for cost of the exercise contract, training programs, and planning activities.
Effect of MOU
This document is not a contract and is not legally enforceable by either party. It does not create enforceable rights in
any third party. As such it does not imply or assume any waiver of sovereign immunity by the Commonwealth. It may
be terminated without any liability or other consequences by either party at any time upon written notice to the other, in
accordance with the provisions of this MOU.
Signatures:
Local Authorizing Official Virginia Department of Energy
Management:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the above
Memorandum of Understanding with the Virginia Department of Emergency
Management. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Central Virginia Community Services FY2008 Performance Contract:
We have received the Central Virginia Community Services FY2008 Performance
Contract with the Department of Mental Health, Mental Retardation and
Substance Abuse Services. They are asking for your approval of this contract for
FY2008.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the Central Virginia
Community Services FY2008 Performance contract with the Department of Mental
Health, Mental Retardation and Substance Abuse Services. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
5. Health Insurance for Local Government Employees: Periodically we (the
County and the School System) go out for bid on our health insurance in order to
be sure we are providing the best benefits for the lowest premium. This year we
interviewed two companies that were very competitive.