186
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into a closed session in
accordance with sections 2.2-3711 A. 7 - Consultation with legal counsel, 2.2-3711 A. 3 -
acquisition of real property and 2.2-3711 A. 5 - discussion of prospective business.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
At 9:05 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting in accordance with the Code
of Virginia for the following purposes; §2.2-3711 A.7 — consultation with legal council;
§2.2-3711 A.3 — acquisition of real property and §2.2-3711 A.5S — discussion of
Prospective business and industry development.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye, and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next moved to the Administrative Items: (items 1-5)
1. Action from Closed Session: There was no action to be discussed.
2. Revenue Maximization Ordinance: The Board having held a public hearing may
now take official action to adopt the Ordinance enacting the Regional Revenue Board
and authorizing the County’s participation in that Board.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution:
AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE COUNTY ADMINISTRATOR
TO ENTERINTOA
JOINT POWERS \GREEMENT ESTABLISHING
A REGIONAL Ri ViiNUk MAXIMIZATION BOARD
WHEREAS, VA. CODE ANN. §15.2-1300 authorizes localities to exercise and
enjoy jointly any power, privilese or authority capable of exercise by such localities
individually, unless an express statutory procedure is otherwise provided for such joint
exercise; and