561
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 10:39 A.M. Mr. Carwile left the meeting.
After further discussion, it was determined more information was needed
prior to a decision being made on an industrial site.
The next item for discussion was the portion of the Town Office owned
by the County.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence
to donate the portion of the Town Office owned by the County, to the
Town at no cost. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next brought up the subject of the Regional Jail and gave
a brief explanation of where the County stands as to participation.
After the explanation Mrs. Ferguson asked if anyone had questions.
A period of discussion followed.
Mr. Torrence next brought up the issue of a "super sites" for the Town.
After discussion about several different possibilities for sites, it
was determined that a site wasn’t absolutely necessary in Town.
Mayor Spiggle next expressed his concern about the County’s recycling
program. Mr. Spiggle feels that we need to expand the recycling market
to plastic and aluminum. Mr. Spiggle also feels we need to keep as
much recyclable material as possible out of the landfill. Mr. Spiggle
would like to see figures as to what the savings would be if we kept
recyclable materials out of the landfill.
Mr. Carson asked if he could bring the Board and Council up to date on
the Dare Program? Mr. Carson continued by saying they hope to extend
the Dare Program into the 9th grade, next year.
Mr. Carson feels that this program is one of the best tools that we can
use to combat the drug problem in the County. Mr. Carson gave a brief
explanation of the plans for the future, as far as the dare program.
Mr. Carson thanked the Board for their financial support of this
program.
Being no further business the meeting was adjourned.
Chairfan