137
Mr. Moore began that he thought as much of the Confederate flag as anyone but after all
the war is fought and over with. Mr. Moore told ofa situation in Richmond with Lee’s
picture and explained that there were a lot of people on the other side. Mr. Moore stated
that it was controversial and they knew that. Mr. Moore continued that both sides lost
lots of men, and that if he were going to fly one flag he would fly them both. Mr. Moore
continued that we have visitors from the North here all the time and there was a lot of
animosity there when one flag is flown. Mr. Moore stated that if you fly both flags it
shows that we are reunited. Mr. Moore stated that personally he had no objection but he
knew the public and felt it was not appropriate.
Mr. Phelps stated that was a point well taken. Mr. Phelps stated that he had no problem
flying the American flag and the Confederate flag together and that basically they did.
Mr. Moore stated that he was not talking about the American flag but the Northern forces
flag.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. Moore was talking about the historically significant
Northern flag. Mr. Bosiger stated that if you know your history, the Confederate
National Flag was very similar to the American flag before they created a battle flag.
Mr. Bosiger continued that the purpose of the creation of a battle flag was so that when
the units went into battle they could tell one from another. Mr. Bosiger stated that the
battle flag has been misused through the years and abused by groups that had no claim to
it and that had caused it to be in a position of being very controversial because it stood
for things other than the heritage which it originally represented. Mr. Bosiger stated that
his problem was not with this particular flag but what if some individual like Wayne
wanted to erect a flag on the Courthouse lawn? Mr. Bosiger continued that Mr. Phelps
had already stated that he personally flew the flag and that the SCV was not involved.
Mr. Bosiger in closing stated that it did not set well with him that someone could come
on Courthouse grounds and do something without permission. Mr. Bosiger stated that
the Board must be careful to be fair and make sure that all policies covered all citizens.
Mr. Torrence stated that was why he felt the solution for the County, realizing that this is
not the only controversial flag out there, was to settle the matter by allowing only the
three flags to be flown on County property.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Torrence if he did not think that in fairness to Wayne and others
that might be concerned that this matter be put off for study before a decision is made.
Mr. Carwile suggested that we see what the people in the County have to say before a
tush decision is made.
Mr. Torrence said that he did not feel there was anything to study.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he would rather not dishonor the flag by creating a controversy.