250
trthe Center. The Community Center Board would welcome any suggestions
on fund raising activities.
D.A.V.’s by exempting them from having to obtain county decal
paying personal property taxes on one (1) vehicle. After discuss
the Board agreed to discuss this request at the September meeting.
Mr. Carwile also asked the Board to consider recognizing P.O.W.’s ar
iol
O-Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into Executiv
Session to discuss legal matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive meeting were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson with agreement of the other Board members adjourned the!
Board until Thursday, August 19, 1993 at 7:00 P.M.
A recessed meeting was held by the Appomattox County Board
Supervisors on August 19, 1993 at 7:00 P.M. in the Board’s meeting rod
adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office, Courthouse Square, Nort
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Df
pm
th