242
On Monday, November 7, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held their regularly scheduled meeting in the Council Chambers of the
Appomattox Town Office, located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John O. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation after which everyone was invited to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were no changes or additions to the Agenda.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comments Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
No one wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter next called Bobby Wingfield, E-911 Coordinator to present several
change orders that were necessary on the Public Safety Answering Point renovation
project. Mr. Wingfield will also update everyone on the progress of the renovation
project.
Mr. Wingfield began by stating they have a change order #3 — We had an open ditch
along Morton Lane for a long time while we waited for Verizon to decide what they
would need PVC pipe or conduit for Verizon lines. We did not get this in time to be
included in the plans done by Wiley & Wilson. Verizon later notified us they would like
to have. The cost of this change in depth of the ditch came to $1,464.04. We also
received a credit from Hudson Payne for $222.60, which was deducted from the
$1,400.00. The total cost of the change order to $1,241.44.
Mr. Wingfield explained that the hold up at the present time is the U. S. Postal Service,
in the West Virginia office in Charleston, West Virginia. Timetable of contacts with
Postal Service is as follows:
May 25, 2005 -— Letters sent to Richmond and Roanoke USPS notifying them of
August 1, 2005 start date for addresses.
May 31, 2005 — West Virginia USPS contacted Timmons Group to inform us
they've taken over for Roanoke.