421
Mr. Carter responded that Appomattox County has been to court over this and the
ordinances that we have tried to introduce were shot down because it was above and
beyond the State allocations. That has not changed, so there is only certain limitations
that we, as a locality, can put on the introduction of biosolids into Appomattox County.
What we have before you, which Mr. Roark has pointed out, is an ordinance that
addresses those that we can, our hands are tied, as to the amount of limitations we can
put on this process. As far as knowing how much money, we don’t have the slightest
idea.
Mr. Craft stated there was no money from the Appomattox Treasurer going to biosolids.
Ms. Ferguson stated that when these farmers sued the County and ended up with the
case in Federal Court, the Federal Court awarded them a certain amount of money
because the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was denying them their rights to
spread biosolids in the County. That is probably where that figure came from. Mr.
Conrad stated that after some negotiating, this award was reduced significantly, to
about Two Hundred-fifty thousand ($250,000.00). As far as what Mr. Carter is telling
you here, we have no control from the standpoint of whether these biosolids can be
administered or not. Mr. Overstreet, our attorney, can certainly elaborate on this, but
we are what is called a “Dillon Rule State” and you also have states are what they call
“Home Ruled States”. In a Dillon Rule State, there are certain legislative actions that
are taken by the State Legislature, which will preclude the County or locality from being
able to change that to benefit themselves in any way, shape or form. In this biosolids
instance, this fits into that category where the State regulates it and based on this, the
Counties themselves will have follow the regulations set by the State. In a Home Rule
State, the County would be able administer this as they see fit.
Mr. Hing said that in other words, there is nothing we can do about it. They are
poisoning our land, poisoning our water and talking about wanting us to shell out a few
dollars for the Chesapeake Bay, which we are contaminating. It is a terrible thing. He
comes from Jersey and worked in heavy construction back in the late 70's and early 80's
they were taking this stuff and spreading it out in the ocean. After about three years
before it got so bad out there, that they told you not to eat any fish that came from the
ocean. If it done that to the ocean, and then you turn around and drive by a place like
G. D. Gilliam’s and see the cows with tons of biosolids laying on the field and the cows
in there pasturing, and they are worrying about mad-cow disease. Maybe in 5, 10 or 15
years we will probably be worrying about something a whole lot worse than mad-cow
disease. People should really get their “hackles” up and try to put some kind end to
this.
Dennis Torrence: Sammy and Aileen are probably the only ones here along with
Russell that were here four (4) years ago when the Spout Spring Ruritan Club and the
Health Department made a presentation. At that time, all of this was addressed. At
that time the companies promised that we would always have a 30 days notice, that the
signs would go up and you will recall a part of the lawsuit was the County tried to make
the signs 4’ x 8’ and the companies wanted 3’ x 3’ or 2’ x 2’. He realizes that there is no
law stating how long they have to notify the surrounding landowners. It does appear
that the law does require that they notify the County one hundred (100) days in