686
will be available for the February 4" meeting.
Mr. Carroll stated he has received this information from the School Board. They are:
Mrs. June Chenault - Courthouse District
Mr. Blair Smith - Wreck Island District
Mrs. Martha Pankey - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Fred Lawson - Falling River District
Mrs. Beverly Wooldridge - Appomattox River District
The appointees from the Board of Supervisors should be presented at the next meeting.
Mr. Carwile stated he is shocked that the Town did not wish to participate in this endeavor and was
wondering if anyone had any ideas as to their reason.
11. Landfill Inspection Report: DEQ inspection for December 20, 2001.
According to Mr. Carter there has been some concern portrayed by the inspector. Mr. Carroll
explained that these concerns have been or will be addressed shortly.
12. Regional Hazardous Materials Response Team: The Board has received a response from the
Department of Emergency Management regarding the request that Lynchburg’s Fire
Department serve in this capacity.
This request was denied but we received a note of appreciation for our support.
13. Holliday Lake State Park: Ms. Ann Zahn, Park Manager has written the Board concerning the
tourism impact of Holliday Lake on the community. Ms. Zahn also furnished the Board with
some interesting facts and figures as well as some newsletters being published by the park on
a regular basis.
14. Tobacco Grant: Grant Application as submitted for the Appomattox Workforce Training
Center Study.
Mr. Carter was very please with the information contained in this grant application. He
congratulated the staff on a job well done.
Mr. Carwile stated he understood this to be one year funding only. Questioned if there were other
sources available that we could tap into.
15. Zoning and Variance Public Hearing Schedule: Mr. Stidham, County Planner has submitted
the schedule for Zoning and Variance Public Hearing along with the dates petitions must be
submitted for inclusion each month.
16. Town Council Agenda: Agenda for Appomattox Town Council’s meetings for January 14
and January 22, 2002.