309
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVEID THAT, the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors does hereby support the recording of this intergovernmental
revenue reduction from the Commonwealth as Local Aid to the Commonwealth; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT, this recording on all financial records shall be shared
with the delegation, the Governor and local news media so that citizens understand the decision
made by this governing body in response to the Commonwealth’s choice to delegate their
constitutional obligation to local governments.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #4- Virginia Association of Counties Annual
Conference and called for discussion.
Chairman Craft explained that three rooms have been set aside for the County and will be held a
certain length of time.
Mr. Conrad stated that he was interested in attending this conference. Mr. Conrad stated that he
would check his calendar and let Ms. Ferguson know within the next couple of days if he would
be able to attend.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would attend this conference this year.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda.
CONSENT AGENDA:
Approval of Minutes
Approval of Bills
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FY2009:
Board of Supervisors
Please supplement by consent and appropriate $15,359.00 to 1101-2011 Workman’s
Compensation Insurance in the Board of Supervisors budget. As the budget was being developed
an audit was performed by the insurance company and this resulted in an increase in the premium
due to the E911 center employees.
Road Viewers
Please supplement by consent and appropriate $16,104.70 to 4101-3002 for a reimbursement
received from the State. As you will remember the Home Owner’s Association in Country Haven
Estates was attempting to pave all of their roads to State Standards. They deposited these funds
with us and we sent them to the State to pay for their portion of the improvements. They were
unable to get all of the right-of-way donated so therefore they were forced to abandon the project.
Carry Over Funds: (enclosure p.)
Please carry the following funds over to the FY2009 budget:
$73,021.63 Virginia Domestic Violence Grant