608
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the proposed amendment to the zoning ordinance as
presented. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 - Economic Development Director Search
and stated that the Board has had time to individually review the applications for this position
and it is being recommended that that the Board now set a schedule to narrow the candidate field
and conduct interviews. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that now that the applications have been received it is time to move forward
and start this process.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is sure that everyone on the Board has reviewed these applications and
now we need to set a date to hold a closed session to discuss applications.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to set August 24 @ 6:00 p.m. at the County Administration Building
to review applications. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no discussion,
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4 — Regional Rural Caucus Meeting and
explained that the Virginia Rural Center is hosting a series of regional rural caucus meetings for
state and local officials. Chairman Conrad stated that the West Central Regional Caucus is
scheduled for August 25" at the Altavista Train Station from noon — 1:30 p.m. with several of
our local General Assembly members confirming their attendance at this meeting. Chairman
Conrad stated that if you are interested in attending this please let the County Administrator
know as soon as possible so that she can RSVP.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — Carver -Price Education Center Phase II
Proposal and explained that HDH Associates has given us a proposal for renovating the
remainder of the rooms in the 3" grade wing of the Carver-Price Education Center with the
project cost including A/E, being estimated at $200,000.00. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is
recommending consideration of this proposal. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he needed an explanation of this request.
Ms. Ferguson gave an explanation of what this renovation would consist of, which would include
a Board room, bathrooms, small business room for Disability Services Board.
Mr, Craft made a motion to accept the proposal as presented. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s
motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6 — Discussion on Route 460 Waterline and
explained that a response had been received from the Appomattox Town Council concerning the