102
Cc. Authority. This section is enacted in accordance with ยง15.2-1613.1 of the Code of
Virginia, 1950, as amended.
D. Effective Date. The effective date of this ordinance is July 1, 2002.
ARTICLE XVIII
ORDINANCE ON CONVICTION FEES
TO FUND COURTHOUSE SECURITY PERSONNEL
ยง147-64. Assessment of Conviction Fees
A. Fee amount. A fee in the amount of five dollars ($5.00) per criminal or traffic case
shall be imposed upon any individual convicted of violation of any statute or
ordinance in either the General District or Circuit Court of Appomattox County.
B. Method of assessment; purpose. The fee set forth in subsection A, shall be assessed
by the Clerk of the Court in which the occurred, along with the other costs of the
court proceedings, and deposited with the County Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
hold said funds subject to appropriation by the Board of Supervisors to the
Appomattox County Sheriff's Department for the funding of courthouse security
personnel.
Cc. Authority, This section is enacted in accordance with ยง53.1-120 of the Code of
Virginia, 1950, as amended.
D. Effective date. The effective date of this ordinanceis July 1, 2002.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
4. VaCo Legislative Agenda: VACo has asked that each locality submit any legislative concerns
that it may have that pertain to the entire state for consideration by VACo for inclusion in its
legislative agenda.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to submit the following issues to VACo for
inclusion in its legislative agenda: Courthouse Facilities; Local Control Over Land Use Activities;
Tax Reform; and Local Option Addition to State Sales Tax for Capital Improvements. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
5. Police Service Agreement: The Town of Appomattox has submitted its police service
agreement for 2002-2003 in the amount of $80,000.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the Police Service Agreement with
the Town of Appomattox as submitted.
THIS AGREEMENT, made in duplicate the 17th Day of June 2 002, and between the