649
Steve Conner
PRESENT: (Town Council)
Ronnie Spiggle - Mayor
Buddy Carson
Steve Lawson
Jimmy Mayberry
Joyce Bennett
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 7:04 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the Joint Public Hearing and stated to those in attendance that the
Public Hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion on the petitions. Discussion will
take place during the Planning Commission meeting that will immediately follow the public meeting
in the Jury Room off to the right. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the
petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for the petition and finally by
individuals wishing to speak against the petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your
name, address and whether you are for or against the petition.
Mr. Kendrick then turned the meeting over to Mr. Brandon Stidham, County Planner.
The following petitions were then presented.
01-488. Gray S. Nash, t/a Nash Auto & Equipment. Amend conditional use permit per ยง74-
202(38) of the Town of Appomattox Zoning Ordinance to allow display/sales of used motor homes,
travel trailers, and trailers in addition to current uses. Property is located on Rt. F1010 between U.S.
460 and Rt. 24, Tax Map #64A3(A)1, and is zoned B-1.
Gray Nash spoke on behalf of his petition. He stated that he does not see the amended use causing
any adverse affects, as there is currently a trailer park and camper trailers adjacent to his property.
No one spoke against this petition.
01-489. Harrison Kelso. Re-zone properties from R-1 to R-2. Properties are located on Rt. 647
between Rt. 689 and U.S. 460 East, Tax Map #62(A)45, 46, 52, 53, and 66A, and are currently zoned
R-1.
Harrison Kelso (P.O. Box 440, Spout Spring) spoke on behalf of his petition. The property used to
have a trailer sited on it at one time, now wants to place a new trailer on the property. The property
is currently zoned for modular homes, but he would like permission to site a trailer. He added that if
he cannot site a regular trailer [single-wide mobile home], that he would have no problem siting a
double-wide mobile home instead.
James Brotherton (Rt. 2 Box 4, Spout Spring) spoke against the petition. He is opposed to the re-