699
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to offer the
District Extension Office space in the County Extension Office at $5.50
per square foot. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
By consensus, the Board of Supervisors requested that Mrs. Ferguson
contact Mr. Brian Wishneff and request he meet with the Board on
October 23, 1995 at 4:00 p.m. to discuss economic development.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that effective
October 1, 1995 Mrs. Ferguson receive a $2,500.00 salary increase; and
Mrs. Huddleston, Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Phelps each receive a $1,000.00
salary increase and an appropriation in the amount of $5,223.00 be made
to cover the increases and benefits. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, at 10:05 P.M., Mr. Moore made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to recess until after the public hearing on
October 16, 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Poaiencn