318
Mr. Sanderson came forward and explained that they had talked with a number of banks and
wanted to give the board some results of their findings.
Mr. Sanderson stated that he would first present the county’s requirements over the next six toeighteen months which are debt service in FY2010 of $2.4 million and some new money needs
such as utilities which are approximately $3.5 million dollars,
Mr. Sanderson also briefed the board on the key considerations, which is, we are in one of the
most difficult budget times that most of their clients have seen. Mr. Sanderson stated that the
County has done a very good job of being prudent fiscally. Mr. Sanderson stated that they feel it
is important that the County look at conserving the cash flow in future years.
Mr. Sanderson recapped the goals and objectives and stated that they felt that they met all of
them which are important. They have been able to identify ways to help with the budget in
FY10, FY11 and FY12 which are reportedly going to be difficult budgetary years. Mr.
Sanderson stated they have provided recommendations on preserving the undesignated fund
balance again and restructuring some of the distant debt over the next few years and using a
favorable interest rate environment. Mr. Sanderson explained that they had tried to structure
their proposal to include new debt and not increasing the overall debt service for the County. Mr.
Sanderson stated that the County’s payout ratio is something that has been very strong and he
wants to maintain this.
Mr. Sanderson stated that they wanted to ultimately avoid unnecessary increases in the tax rate to
citizens.
Mr. Sanderson stated that in their proposal they had added a 2001 school! lease purchase
agreement, which carried an interest rate of over six percent which will be a significant interest
savings to the County.
Mr. Sanderson explained that in their proposal they are looking at the new debt with two years
interest only and then amortizing over twenty years and still maintaining a strong payout ratio
and not increase our debt service above the current level of $2.5 million and provide for capital
projects without increasing taxes.
Mr. Sanderson stated that they have negotiated with numerous banks in the region and SunTrust
was the most favorable proposal for the County. Mr. Sanderson stated that they are
recommending the SunTrust option whose interest rate came in well below their planning
assumption and the flexibility pre-payment option will be very beneficial to the County in the
future when looking to add new debt especially when considering the school projects.
Mr. Sanderson stated that they are here tonight to get the Board’s approval to move forward with
the documentation with SunTrust and then again on May 18" to formally approve all the
documents and ask the EDA to meet that week also and then close at the end of the month.
Mr. Sanderson called for questions from the Board, after some discussion from the Board, Mr.
Siegel came forward and explained that he has a resolution that would need to be approved to