652
Discussion followed concerning the best method to approach this confinement to receive
the best results.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to ask the Animal Control
Officer to work Saturdays during the confinement period checking license only
recognizing that additional funds may have to be appropriated for overtime.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary
to discuss a personnel issue and land acquisition.
At 9:05 P.m. on a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter it was agreed to enter
into executive session to discuss a personnel matter and land acquisition. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence at 10:55 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if action was necessary from the executive session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to extend probation for Alice
Rockefeller for two weeks. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further at 11:05 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to recess until April 12, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
J PoA
AD LOW £0
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman