187
WHEREAS, a regional joint powers agreement between the governing bodies of
the counties of Amherst, Appomattox. Bedford, and Campbell, and the cities of Bedford
and Lynchburg has been propos: r the purpose of providing for a joint powers
association for the purpose of providing pre-placement, prevention, and other human
services and to maximize federal financial! reimbursement for such programs to residents
of the local governments which have cutercd into this agreement; and
WHEREAS, there are regional programs that are providing pre-placement
prevention services in our communi! cs that would qualify for federal reimbursement
funding; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Dc) ari:nent of Social S ervices is the sole source for
accessing these reimbursements and given that they require regional revenue
maximization partnerships to establish a regional board; and
WHEREAS, the counties horst, Appomattox, Bedford, and Campbell, and
the cities of Bedford and Lynchbury vc agreed to call the joint powers association so
formed - the REGIONAL REVENU | \.\ XIMIZATION BOARD; and
WHEREAS, VA. CODE ANN. §15.2-1300 requires that any such joint
agreement be approved by the par ‘ne localities by ordinance before the agreement
may enter into force; and
WHEREAS, a public hea: -on was duly advertised in accordance with the
provisions of VA. CODE ANN. § | and
WHEREAS, it appearing !9 1). 1s ard of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox that the joint powers ‘ that is attached hereto to is in the best
interests of the County of Appom::':
NOW, THEREFORE, |! -\LEBY ORDAINED that in accordance with
the provisions of VA. CODE AN... -. 500, the Board of Supervisors for the County
of Appomattox, Virginia does here)
1) Approve and authoriz. \ p owers agreement b etween the counties of
Amherst, Appomattox, | and Campbell, and the cities of Bedford and
Lynchburg for the pu vroviding pre-placement and prevention and
other human services of the respective counties and to maximize
federal financial reim|\. : Al lor such program;
2) Agree to participate {\ Regional Revenue Maximization Board;
3) Authorize and direct 1 Administrator to enter into on behalf of the
Board the joint power attached hereto.