353
receive public comments on th
Meo the proposed Amendments to the Aj
cer ne read the following changes and/or additions to th “ComlyCnis cavents aoeation by the Board of Supervisors: eee conte maat
) ‘mend a 3 oT Some Construction Fee Schedule
1on 139-7 Solid Waste Fee Sch
c) Amend Ch iti Gime
; roen ercs addition of a Planned Industrial District (M-2) zoning distri
eee! -C.2 of the Code to increase the maximum annual cup ‘om $200 to $350 for elderly and disabled persons meat estate tax(Entire proposed chan : .
ges availabl oe
Mr. Moore called for comments. in the County Administrator’s Office)
Hearing none, Mr. Moore closed the public hearing at 6:03
La H. Moore, Chairman s
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s regular meeting on July 10, 2000 at the
Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, following the 6:00 P.M. Public
Hearing.
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Absent: Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Also Present: Andy Carroll - Acting County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 6:05 P.M and asked Mr. Brain Knopp of the Lynchburg
Regional Chamber of Commerce to address the Board.
Mr. Knopp introduced himself and his purpose for being at the meeting. Mr. Knopp stated he wanted
to update everyone on some of their regional tourism efforts. Last year they formed a regional
tourism committee They are promoting a Regional Heritage Program that not only promotes the
historic sites but also the natural beauty and cultural events in the region. Their goal is to attract more
visitors to Central Virginia. Mr. Knopp discussed the 2000 marketing plan, (copies were given to
the Board members). Mr. Knopp discussed ads that had been developed to promote the region. They
have developed a brochure for African American History Legacy and Heritage. They want to
promote the African American Legacy, the Civil War Legacy as well the Blue Ridge Parkway and
it’s natural beauty. They have recently received grants to help develop these attractions.
They are beginning to work on the 2001 Marketing Plan and Mr. Knopp asked the Board to review