197
15. Concord Volunteer Fire Department: A thank you note has been received
from the Concord Volunteer Fire Department of their annual donation.
16. Appalachian Power Company: Appalachian Power Company has filed notice
with the State Corporation Commission that they are not seeking to improve wire
charges for any of their Virginia Customers for calendar year 2006.
17. Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Robert
E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation Districts Board of Directors Meeting held on
June 16, 2005.
18. Appomattox County Parks, Recreation and Tourism Department: Ms.
Dixon has prepared her report for July 2005 activities.
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was Supervisor Concerns:
There were no Supervisor Concerns to be presented at this time.
Mr. Carter next called Ms. Jackie Drinkard, President of the Appomattox County
Chamber of Commerce to address the Board. Ms. Drinkard wishes to request that
the Board endorse the liquor by the drink measure that the Chamber is attempting to
get put as a referendum on the ballot in November.
Ms. Drinkard thanked the Board for allowing her to speak to them tonight. She began
by saying that last week she sent out a notice asking the Board to support the
Chamber's petition that is currently being circulated. The Chamber is asking for the
Board’s support to give the people the vote in November. They hope to get enough
signatures on the petition to give the people the opportunity to decide whether or not
they would like to have liquor by the drink in Appomattox County. The Chamber’s whole
purpose is to promote economic development. Tourism is a main thing here and that is
one of the things the Chamber is all about. Of course, if we get nice restaurants and
motels, etc. it will bring jobs to our locality, help strengthen our tax base. Ms. Drinkard
also provided each Board member with a fact sheet pertaining to what this referendum
would accomplish. She also stated that people are not staying in Appomattox for meals
or lodging, but are going to Lynchburg or one of the surrounding counties that do have
liquor by the drink. Our own citizens are doing the same. She concluded by saying that
she urged the Board of Supervisors to support the Chambers effort to get this placed on
the ballot for the November election.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Drinkard.
Mr. Conrad thanked Ms. Drinkard for her presentation. He also stated that we have, for
a long time, talked about the importance of seeking revenue through our main interest,
which seems to be tourism. This is not a thing necessarily about drinking, it is a thing
that involves economic development. Even if this is placed on the ballot and is voted in,
it does not mean we would have restaurants here tomorrow. We can put this off, like
we did the water line, for years and let somebody else be concerned with it later after
we growa little more. It appears that once again, we are not putting the horse before
the cart. We need to go forward and get something on the ballot so it can at least be
recognized by the people as to whether or not that want it. By placing this on the
ballot, the people would have spoken regardless of the outcome. He is in favor of
supporting the referendum being placed on the November ballot.