299
After discussion Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the
contract with Hurt and Proffitt for engineering services at the landfill, contingent upon
approval by the County Attorney. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.(Copy on file in the County Administrator’s office).
Mr. Paulette then presented a request for additional funding from
Virginia Cooperative Extension due to an error in their budget request for FY98.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate $3,671.00 to
salaries and benefits for Virginia Cooperative Extension for FY98. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a letter from Judge Kerr with some additional request for
Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board this matter was carried over to the next
meeting to allow time for Mrs. Ferguson to gather further information.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request for funding from Central Piedmont Economic
Association Inc. CPEA plans to purchase property in Amherst County and open a
Battered Spouses Shelter and Community Center.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to notify
Ms. Pearlene J. Hamler, President of CPEA and explain she should make her request for
funding during the budget process.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce
for funding in the amount of $6,372.00 in order to accept a matching grant received from
the State.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to find out what the County had already
funded in FY98 and report back to the Board at the October meeting.
Mr. Paulette next presented convention requests from the Registrar and Commissioner of
Revenue.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve for the Registrar to
attend her annual VRAV meeting and the Commissioner of Revenue to attend his annual
conference and the VALECO Annual meeting. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that Mrs. Belter, Treasurer, had informed us that the
delinquent tax list, presented to the Board, as of June 30,1997 was the list that must be
published in the newspaper. Mrs. Belter also had explained that anyone who had paid
after June 30, 1997, their name would still appeal on the list that was published.