643
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Don Austin, VDOT, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Austin began by explaining that he had a couple of items for the Board, the first
being the status of improvements to Route 632. Mr. Austin continued that the contract
had not been let on this job as of yet. Mr. Austin continued that the work that had been
done was only to “daylight” the curve. Mr. Austin explained that this project might be
advertised next month.
Mr. Austin then stated that the project on route 663 was scheduled for advertisement in
May 1999.
Mr. Austin informed the Board that his understanding concerning the repairs to the
railroad crossing on Main Street were due to begin the first part of April 1999.
Mr. Bosiger then informed Mr. Austin that the Board had received a request for a
resolution from Henry County concerning VDOT maintaining all drainage easements.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Austin if he would care to comment on this request.
Mr. Austin explained that the only easements that VDOT does not maintain at this time
are those that are established within subdivisions. Mr. Austin continued that years ago
they did maintain all easements until they were instructed not to maintain those in
subdivisions.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors is concerned about the safety of roads in
Appomattox County and the necessity to handle storm water run-off, and
WHEREAS, road construction often requires the creation of drainage easements and
WHEREAS, drainage easements serve as a channel for handling water that accumulates
due to road surface runoff and natural drainage patterns; and
WHEREAS, drainage easements include ditches, culverts, underground pipes, other
associated structures; and
WHEREAS, when the channel for the water becomes blocked, corrective measures are
necessary to clear the channel to permit proper water flow; and
WHEREAS, previously the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) has
maintained drainage easements resulting from road construction outside of the road right-
of-way; and
WHEREAS, VDOT advised that due to increased cost and a limited number of resources,
they will only maintain drainage easements within the limits of the dedicated road right-
of-way; and