531
stating that the total funds for the next six years are $1,734,271 which is not going to allow them
to do much, especially when we were looking at last year’s budget of $600,000 to $800,000 a
year and at one time it was being projected up to $900,000 but then the economy went down and
collections have gone down so therefore the funds have been cut.
Mr. Austin stated that they are now required to have most of the funds they receive be obligated
to federal projects since VDOT is reimbursed from the Federal Government at 80% and we have
to match that money to get this so any project that is eligible for federal funding have to be
developed as federal funding. Mr. Austin stated that the shortfall in the plan is mostly state
funds. Mr. Austin stated that there are very few funds for county wide items in the plan like
unpaved roads and no state funds are being projected for these items in the next six years and
they are not eligible for federal funds.
Mr. Austin stated that there is no money proposed in the next six years for new state roads, for
new right of ways or new guard rails.
Mr. Austin explained that Police Tower Road has beena priority for the past several years so
maybe the summer of 2012 this project will be funded unless the funds are cut. Mr. Austin
stated that the funding was not going to allow for Route 604, the widening and reconstruction, so
they have in the plan to go and strengthen the road but that will not be determined for several
years as to what they are going to actually do. Mr. Austin stated that this had been placed on a
stimulus project they applied for; however, they did not receive any stimulus funds.
Mr. Austin next discussed Route 636 bridge project which some funding has already been placed
on the plan which is beyond the six year plan.
Mr. Austin explained that Tanglewood Drive is in the plan and it is broken up into projects and
the drainage structure will be done next year unless funds are cut and the paving will be done
later possibly within five years.
Mr. Austin stated that there are very little funds to distribute with lots of projects.
Mr. Austin called for any questions from the Board.
Mr. Austin explained federal funds and how they must be used.
Mr. Austin called for any request for new roads to be added into the highway system, hearing
none; Chairman Conrad closed the public hearing at 6:12 p.m.
4
Thomas H#Conrad, Chairman