542
Staff recommends considering Ms. Baker’s request.
Mr. Conrad volunteered to serve on the Interview Committee for the position of the
Extension Agent. Also the Board okayed an Intern position for the Extension Office
during the summer of 2006, to be funded by Virginia Tech and funds saved from Mr.
Eberly’s position.
2. Term Expiration — Planning Commission: Calvin Tanner’s term on the
Planning Commission will expire on December 31, 2006. Mr. Tanner has
expressed an interest in continuing to serve in this capacity for another term.
Staff recommends reappointing Mr. Tanner to serve another four year term. We
have checked the applications that have been previously received expressing
interest in serving on committees, commissions or boards and find none for the
Planning Commission.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
reappoint Calvin Tanner to serve another term on the Planning Commission. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
3. Zoning Ordinance Amendment, Section 170-25: On October 16, 2006 a
joint public hearing was held on the proposed amendment to the Appomattox
County Zoning Ordinance to repeal Section 170-25 of the zoning code. No
comments were received.
After reviewing the public testimony, the public record, the Planning Commission's
recommendation and the goals and objectives of the County's Comprehensive Plan, Mr.
Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to amend and readopt the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance by revising certain provisions of the Zoning
Ordinance text as described in the following ordinance:
AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AND READOPT THE
APPOMATTOX COUNTY ZONING ORDINANCE
BY REVISING CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ZONING ORDINANCE
TEXT AS DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH
BE IT HEREBY ORDAINED, that the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance
is hereby amended and readopted by revising certain provisions of the Zoning Ordinance
text as described as follows:
TEXT AMENDMENT
Section 170-25, Application for use not delineated in this chapter, repeal section that read
as follows:
If in any district established hereunder a use is not specifically permitted by right or
special exemption in this chapter, a property owner or his appointed agent may submit an