329
acres and is zoned Commercial District, B-1. This petition is in conjunction with
petition #05-563.
Mr. Moore made a_ motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve petition #05-564 as
submitted for reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning
practice. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Resolution Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act: Some years
ago the Board adopted a resolution joining with other localities in the Virginia
Juvenile Community Crime Control Act. When the original resolution was
adopted, we used Robert C. Bradner, Director of the 10" District Juvenile and
Domestic Relations Court Service Unit as the person to execute the plan. Mr.
Bradner has since retired and therefore the resolution needs to be amended. To
avoid this from happening again, Ms. Ferguson suggested we use the position
title rather than an individuals’ name.
Mr. Craft feels this is a good idea as people are always being transferred or in some
cases retiring and this would eliminate the need to amend this resolution each time
there is a change.
Mr. Craft then made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION
VIRGINIA JUVENILE COMMUNITY CRIME CONTROL ACT
BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will participate in
the Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act and accept funds appropriate for the
purpose set forth in the Act; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that Appomattox County intends to combine with the other
governing bodies listed below and that Charlotte County will act as fiscal agent for these
localities. Other localities with whom Appomattox County will combine include:
Buckingham
Charlotte
Cumberland
Lunenburg
Prince Edward
BE IT FUTHER RESOLVED that the Director of the 10" District Juvenile and Domestic
Relations District Court Service Unit, is hereby authorized to execute the plan on behalf
of the County of Appomattox.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)