503
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Board.
Mr.Carter next asked Mr. Freddie Godsey — Sheriff’s Department to address
the Board. Mr. Godsey is appearing before the Board to request approval for
participation on a regional grant application, requiring a 25% match, that will
allow regional law enforcement agencies to share data. If approved, this amount
will be included in the FY2005 budget.
Mr. Godsey stated that this will be a regional data sharing project. The cost to
the County, at the present time, appears to be around $6,500.00. This will
include a file server, computer, training, and ongoing VCIN capabilities.
Mr. Carter informed Mr. Godsey that the Board would get back to him on this
matter. He then thanked and excused Mr. Godsey.
Mr. Carter called the Board’s attention to the next item on the Agenda -
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-8)
2. Courthouse Telecommunications System: Due to the critically short
time period before the court-ordered courthouse completion date,
Craddock-Cunningham has agreed to _ investigate designing the
telecommunications system under the “other tasks” component of their
existing architectural contract. They have solicited proposals from two
potential sub-consultants interested in designing, but not selling or
installing, the equipment necessary to handle voice, data and video
communications. Craddock-Cunningham would bill the County for the
sub-consultant's services as indicated in the chosen proposal plus would
bill for their staff time on an hourly basis.
It is recommended that the Board formally request Craddock-Cunningham
to assume responsibility for designing the courthouse telecommunications
system on a per-hour cost basis. It further recommends that the Board
authorize Craddock-Cunningham to accept the proposal submitted by
Telecom Management Group (TMG), at a cost of $18,165.00 + travel
expenses. Though more expensive than the other firm, TMG submitted a
more comprehensive proposal and documented extensive experience with
other county courthouse projects and the Virginia State Courts.
Mr. Conrad stated that since we are required to have the courthouse completed
by a certain deadline, he feels we should consider this proposal.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to accept Craddock-
Cunningham's proposal to have Telecom Communications Group (TMG) design
the telecommunications system for the new courthouse at a cost of $18,165.00