148
The Planning Commission returned to the Courtroom following their
meeting and Mr. Jamerson asked if they were prepared to make a
recommendation concerning petition 93-190.
Mr. Caldwell reported the Planning Commission had considered petition
93-190 and recommended the parcel involved be rezoned to A-1.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the
recommendation of the Planning Commission and rezone tax map Parcel
66(A)29 as described in the Application for Zoning Amendment
application number 93-190 from Environmerital Hazard to Agricultural.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye, Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile explained he abstained because he did not feel he was
qualified to remove property from Envirormental Hazard District not
knowing all aspects involved.
Being no further business to consider, Mr. Jamerson recessed the Board
until Monday night March 15, 1993 at 7:00 A.M. for a budget work
session.
Chairman
A special recessed meeting and budget work session was held by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors March 15, 1993 at 7:00 P.M. in
the Board’s meeting room adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office,
Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Also Present:
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and
asked the Board to consider the lease with Nelwyn Morris, Agent for the
Department of Motor Vehicle, for office space held jointly by the Town
of Appomattox and County of Appomattox. After discussion and review of
the proposed lease of renewal, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by
Mr. Torrence for the County to enter into a Lease Agreement to lease
office space jointly owned by the Town of Appomattox and the County of
Appomattox to Mrs. Nelwyn Morris for a term of three (3) years
commencing April 1, 1993 with an option to renew for an additional term
at $250.00 per month in accord with an Agreement between the Town of
Appomattox and the County of Appomattox clated March 10, 1990. ‘The