595
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:03 P.M. and asked
Supervisor Torrence to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile stated that in the March 6, 1995 minutes, page 7, paragraph
2, that his understanding was that Mrs. Ferguson was not given the
authority to determine the use of the vacant space but was instructed
to bring this back to the Board for approval.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she would review the tapes in order to
correct the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the March 6, 1995 public hearing; the minutes of the March
6, 1995 regular meeting with corrections; the recessed meetings of
March 7, 1995; and March 27, 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Virginia Department of
Transportation, Resident Engineer, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Paulette asked Ms. Lindsay to brief the Board as to the status of
the traffic pattern at the Shopping Center.
Ms. Lindsay explained that there have been a lot of complaints but the
problem seems to be better.
Discussion followed concerning continued problems in this area.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Paulette thanked her and
called Mr. William Slagle, with Virginia Fibre, to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Slagle began by explaining that his purpose for addressing the
Board was two fold. First, Mr. Slagle complemented the Board on the
landfill operation. Mr. Slagle stated that County was far ahead of
other localities in their recycling efforts. Second, Mr. Slagle
introduced Ms. Caroline Bell, Virginia Fibre’s OCC Purchasing Manager
and asked Ms. Bell to address the Board concerning recycling.
Ms. Bell began by giving the Board a brief background explanation of
the uses for cardboard in Virginia Fibre’s operation and explained what
Virginia Fibre was paying for this cardboard.
After Ms. Bell’s presentation she answered questions concerning
recycling and the proposed partnership with the County.
After further discussion, Ms. Bell presented the County with a check
for $3,073.40 for the first load of cardboard delivered to Virginia
Fibre.
Being no further questions, Mr. Paulette, thanked Ms. Bell and Mr.
Slagle for their presentation.