599
During the discussion the members of the Board raised several questions concerning the
Rental Assistance Program. By consensus of the Board it was agreed to ask Mrs. Jones
to the February 16, 1999 meeting in order that she may explain the program and answer
questions of the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there was still a Library Board position that needed to be
appointed.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Ann
Taylor Miller to the Library Board and rescind the earlier appointment of Doris Coleman.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Ms. Cynthia J. Read, Executive Director, Employee
Assistance of Central Virginia, Inc. had approached the Board wanting to provide
employee assistance to County employees at a cost of approximately $1485.00 per year.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, the Board decided not to participate in
this employee assistance program.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mrs. Jeri Archer, Appomattox Extension Office was
asking for space to relocate the Working Wardrobe from the Social Services Office to
some other location.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was felt that the Working Wardrobe
was already located in the appropriate place.
The Board then reviewed the Planning Commission Recommendations from the January
19, 1999 public hearing. No action was necessary.
At 10:25 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence it was agreed to
enter into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter at 10:35 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and