and a ceiling with no audience. Mr. Carwile thanked the audience for their attendance at the
meeting for whatever reason. Mr. Carwile continued that the fate of Appomattox Courthouse
was on the agenda to be decided tonight. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to thank the
Honorable Judge Blanton and all the Honorable Judges that have been understanding with this
Board of Supervisors while the Board has been pursuing the reconsideration of the existing
Courthouse. Mr. Carwile continued that his feelings were that the present Board should have the
right to decide the fate of Appomattox Courthouse. Mr. Carwile continued that this Board would
be responsible and accountable by the taxpayers and that this was his justification for this Board
to make this decision. Mr. Carwile stated that taking note that the media was in attendance, in
force, and that he did not have the comfort of using his Southern slang of youal so Mr. Carwile
requested that all of you listen attentive as he laid out his plan why he believes the right thing to
do is build a new Courthouse for longevity on the land that was purchased by the previous Board
for that sole purpose. Mr. Carwile stated that his plan would be to put the existing Courthouse
on the State, not National, historical marker and have control over it by the local governing body,
build a new courthouse on reference, Courtland field, to house all three courts, give the
Honorable Judge the new Courthouse, give him the new Cadillac at taxpayers expense, and the
Old Cadillac, reference the existing Courthouse, to be under the control of the governing body.
Mr. Carwile continued that recently a reading had been obtained that said that the Judge had
control of the Courthouse at all times not just when he was in session. Mr. Carwile stated that he
was wrong but he found out that others had questioned it and that was the reading from the
Attorney General. Mr. Carwile continued that his plan calls for going after grant money that is
out there for the asking. Mr. Carwile stated that this will alleviate the burden and fears off the
taxpayers. Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Moses hinged on this when he spoke and that it looked
like he and Mr. Moses were getting pretty much the same feed back. Mr. Carwile stated that
going back this would alleviate the burden and fears off the taxpayers while you spend your same
money on a new Courthouse. Mr. Carwile asked the other members of the Board to think of the
aesthetic point of view that a new courthouse would give to those who visit our historical site.
Mr. Carwile continued that he further promoted tourism in a way never before promoted and
utilize the existing Courthouse to that end along with community use. Mr. Carwile stated that he
could see this as a win, win situation. Mr. Carwile asked the other members of the Board to take
the golden egg that they have been sitting on since 1864 out of the incubator, that no other
County in the nation has what we have, and lets put someone in charge that can carry tourism to
the State and Federal level to get grant money and utilize the existing courthouse as a center of
attraction for tourism and ask the Historical Society to help in staffing this. Mr. Carwile
continued that under the renovation plan for the existing Courthouse you would have a total of
25, 633 square feet at a grand total of three million three hundred and ninety-two thousand eight
hundred and thirty three dollars, with the unknown cost of change orders for the unknown that
you could engage under construction in additional cost to the taxpayers. Mr. Carwile asked if he
needed to remind the other members of the Board that the old high school started out at one price
and ended up at almost twice the cost? Mr. Carwile continued that he wished to bring to light
that architectural and engineering fees were 11% on renovation compared to 9% on new
construction. Mr. Carwile stated that the difference between these two figures was simply 2%.
Mr. Carwile stated that renovation and new construction based on the estimated cost amounts to
just under $50,000.00 on those two figures that two percent is actually $47,306.00. Mr. Carwile
continued that was money that is simply thrown down the drain that you get nothing for it