162
Ms. Ferguson stated that the public hearing would have to be scheduled for the first
meeting in February due to time restrictions.
Mr. Carter made a motion to schedule a public hearing on February 4, 2008 at 6:15 p.m.
to receive public comment on a proposed ordinance change for tax relief for the elderly.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next addressed Administrative Item #1 — Planning Commission
appointment. Chairman Craft explained that this item was carried over from the
December 2007 meeting, due to questions of citizens serving on two committees,
Chairman Craft then called on Mr. Conrad to present his recommendation for
appointment from the Falling River District to the planning commission. Mr. Conrad
stated that he had spoken with and considered several people for this position, and
discussed with Ms. Ferguson that he felt Chad Millner would certainly be advantageous
to any action taken by the Planning Commission.
Mr. Conrad made the motion to appoint Mr. Chad Millner to the Planning Commission.
Mr. Cater seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Vote: Mr. Craft; aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The next item for discussion was Administrative Item #2 - Appointment to the Economic
Development Authority. This item was also carried over from the December 2007
meeting. There were two applications to be considered for this appointment. Mr. Conrad
stated that he feels both applications were complete and in good order. Mr. Conrad stated
that he knows Mr. Harvey quite well and with his business being in the County feels that
he has an interest in the future of this County, Mr. Conrad feels that he would do an
excellent job.
Mr. Tanner stated that he also knows Mr. Harvey and stated that Mr. Rago has quite an
impressive resume, and is sure he would do a good job; however he also feels that Mr.
Harvey’s experience will add to the leadership of this County.
Mr. Carter feels that both applicants are well qualified, but Mr. Harvey being a life long
citizen and also owning a business within the County, Mr. Carter feels he would like to
see the county grow.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to appoint Mr. Paul L. Harvey as a member of the Economic
Development Authority for aterm ending © Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Next item for discussion was Administrative Item #3 - Old Oakville School. This item
was held over from the December meeting to teceive more information from the County
Administrator. Ms. Ferguson stated that after speaking with Bobby Wingfield, who
suggested that the County may want to hold onto the property for future use. Ms.