341
Mr. Kendrick questioned the cost of the Juvenile & Domestic Relations Court.
Mr. Craddock stated the cost of upgrading the J & D Court under the previous plan was $70,000 but
this would not be needed under this plan.
Mr. Carwile questioned the effect, if any this new addition would have the Old Jail Building. Mr.
Craddock stated they need to decide the best way to address this because of the close proximity of
the Old Jail and the new Courthouse.
Mr. Moore told the Board that in the meeting Judge Blanton stated that everyone was saying the
Judge wanted this and the Judge wanted that. He wants everyone to know it is not what the Judge
wants. He wants to meet the ADA requirements and he also wants to meet the requirements for the
Courts System to operate as it is suppose to. That is all he is asking. He is not asking for anything
for himself personally, in fact he is working to come up with the minimal we can do to satisfy the
court system. He went out of his way to say it was not the Judges, but the law and this Courtroom
has operated outside the law for some time.
Mr. Craddock stated that the present plan is a very preliminary design and figures would be nailed
down a great deal with the finished design. We are talking about 2 -1/2 years construction beginning
in Spring 2001.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to rescind the order to build a new courthouse
and proceed with the current renovation proposal.
Mr. Moore asked for discussion.
Mr. Carwile wanted more time to review this decision. @
Mr. Kendrick wants to go with the plan now and not exceed $2.7 and hopefully go lower.
Mr. Moore called for a vote on the motion as stated. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 6:52 P.M. Mr. Moore recessed the meeting to the Public Hearing.
Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting at 7:20 P.M.
PRESENT: Mr. Moore, Mr. Kendrick, Mr. Carwile, and Mr. Carter.
Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Meeting
Mr. Moore informed the Board that there were several committee appointments to be made:
(a) Board of Assessors: Mr. Earl Pickett has agreed to serve on this Committee as the
representative from the Cloverhill District.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Earl Pickett to the
Board of Assessors as the representative from the Cloverhill District. VOTE: Mr. Moore
aye, Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning