463
Department of Motor Vehicles under the Vehicle Registration Withholding Program to deny his or
her registration renewal with respect to the vehicle which is subject to the license fee or personal
property tax herein. In the event of payment of that vehicle license fee and/or delinquent personal
property taxes, the Treasurer shall provide to the vehicle owner/co-owner an approved numbered
receipt that clearly indicate that the vehicle owner/co-owner has paid in full all outstanding local
vehicle fees and delinquent taxes to the locality, together with the penalty, interests and
administrative fee herein above set forth.
(B) It shall be unlawful for any owner of a motor vehicle to fail to pay the local license fee or
personal property taxes assessed with respect to each motor vehicle after December 5 of each
year.
(C) A violation of this section shall constitute a Class 4 misdemeanor and shall be punished by a
fine of one hundred dollars ($100.00)
(D) A violation of this section by the registered owner of the vehicle shall not be discharged by
prepayment of a fine or by payment of a fine imposed by the court except upon presentation
of satisfactory evidence that the required license has been obtained.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Abandonment — Route 843: When the original resolution to close Route 843
was adopted, the length of the part to be abandon was incorrect. VDOT has
revised the resolution to show the proper figures.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the
following resolution to abandon 0.45 mile of Route 843 in Appomattox County:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Route 843 from 0.45 mile north of the intersection of Routes 663 and the dead end
of Route 843 provides access to only two (2) property owners who have requested this abandonment, and
WHEREAS, the two (2) property owners have requested the aforementioned section of Route
843 be abandoned, and
WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 33.1-151 of the Code of Virginia posted a Notice of
Intention to Abandon Route 843, 0.45 mile north of the intersection of Route 663 and the dead end of
Route 843, three (3) days before the first day of a regular term of the Circuit Court at the front door of the
Appomattox County Courthouse and published in a newspaper of general circulation in the county for two
(2) consecutive weeks and a copy of said notice provided to the State Highway Commission, and
WHEREAS, no inquires or petitions for a hearing have been received,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the portion of Secondary Route 843 as shown
in red on the attached sketch, have a total of 0.15 mile be abandoned as a public road pursuant to Section
33.1-151 of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. entral_Virgini mmuni rvi FY2007 Performance Contract:
Wayne Trent, Director of Administration and Finance for Central Virginia