661
everything locked, including gates, which he will have unlock and lock every time he
goes in or out. This is not a very good situation. If the parents cannot control these
kids, how do you think 10 to 15 counselors can control 100 to 150 kids. He is opposed
to this request.
Mr. Spencer called for further comments. Hearing none, he read the next petition.
#04-540 - Ray T. Goodman, Jr. The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use
Permit to allow the continued existence and operation of a sixty (60) foot CB radio
communications tower on Route 609 between Route 608 and Route 460. The subject
property, Tax Map #60(13)8, is 1.83 acres and is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Ray Goodman, 6911 Stage Road, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Goodman stated he
recently put up a tower according to FCC regulations and I have a couple of neighbors
who say it has caused interference with their telephone lines. Mr. Goodman read a
letter from the FCC stating “interference has long been a bone of contention between a
hobby radio community and the neighbors who must sometimes put up with
interference, to their telephones, radios, and televisions, etc.”. He has also received a
letter from the County regarding keeping the rural aspect and historical nature of the
area. He stated he has a dump going in his back yard, and would like to know how his
radio tower interferes with the historical significance of the County and the dump does
not.
Mr. Gene Woody, Route 2, Box 321, Spout Spring, Va. - Mr. Woody stated he
also has a CB tower and his son is a ham radio operator. In cases of emergencies,
these are good things to have. Everyone who has a TV antenna, or direct TV dish, in
essence has a tower on their property. He is in favor of granting Mr. Goodman’s
petition.
Mr. Wayne Mayberry, Route 1, Box 2421, Spout Spring, Va. - Mr. Mayberry
stated he has a CB radio and antenna and has had it for several years. His neighbor
lives about 50 yards from him and he has yet to have a complaint. He feels the biggest
problem here is, the neighbors just do not want Mr. Goodman to have this tower in the
neighborhood. He feels Mr. Goodman has as much right to talk on his CB radio as
anyone else has to talk on their telephones.
Ms. Carolyn Mayberry, Route 1, Box 2421, Spout Spring, Va. - Ms. Mayberry
stated she is a diehard red-neck. A CB is a poor man’s cell phone. She does not think
there is any harm in anyone having one. The towers are on private property and no one
owns the air waves.
Mr. John Goin, Route 1, Box 248A, Appomattox, Va. — He feels Mr. Goodman has
put his tower up according to FCC regulations. He has a tower at his home and he has
never had any complaints of interference with his neighbors.