494
developing the Appomattox County Tourism Brochure. Ms. Debbie Powell has presented
this to the Town Council. Hopefully, this will be printed by the end of next month.
Ms. Dixon also updated the Board on the activities of the Department of Parks &
Recreation as well as the rental report for the Community Center.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Ms. Dixon
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Bill Gillespie, Region 2000 Regional Commission, to address
the Board. Mr. Gillespie will discuss a planning process involving the old Elementary
School and surrounding features.
Mr. Gillespie has submitted a Proposed Joint Study Appomattox Town and County,
Department of Housing and Community Development Regional Planning Grant.
Mr. Gillespie stated that in January the Board asked the Regional Commission to find any
potential grants that were available to help fund the conversion of the Carver-Price
Elementary School into a museum. That same month the Town of Appomattox
expressed interest in purchasing a site that was noted for being the last battle of the
Civil War before the surrender in April 1865, and including this site in the National Park
Service.
The Regional Commission has submitted some observations and recommendations for
the Board’s consideration.
Mr. Carter reminded everyone that in 2003 the Board decided that the Old Elementary
School would be considered as an educational center, directly involved with Central
Virginia Community College and the Carver-Price Alumni Association. Pursuing grant
monies for the development of this property is the right road to take at this time.
The Board by consensus agreed to hold a planning meeting on April 6" with Mr. Todd
Christianson.
Mr. Carter stated the next item for consideration was the ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENDA:
Board Appointments:
1. Library Board: It has been requested that Ms. Dianne Wright be appointed to
replace Mr. Thomas Chalfont from the Courthouse District with a term ending
June 30, 2006.
Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Chalfont was leaving the Board for health reasons and that
Ms. Wright was a frequent visitor to the Library and would be an excellent addition to
this Board.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to appoint Ms. Dianne Wright from
the Courthouse District to the Library Board for a term ending June 30, 2006. VOTE: