410
and the bottom. Where does this water come from. Geologists say this is recharged
locally. You do not have a stream flow that comes from the Blue Ridge Mountains. If
your demand goes up, these little fracture zones dry up, where will the water come
from. Another thing in recharging locally, we don’t know exactly where this ground
water is recharging. Suppose you build a shopping center over the recharged area or
suppose there is a contamination source over that recharged area, you could have water
quality problems. As you can see, there may be a serious problem. You might say,
people drill wells all over the county, this is true, but 1-1/2 gallons per minute will serve
the individual home, but for a town our size, we need to have a point running 25 gallon
a minute or more before we will even consider developing. You do not have a 50 gallon
a minute well every time you drill. Another thing is, there is the possible risk of
contamination.
Mr. Spiggle: The town just drilled a 30 foot well, but they are thinking about drilling
another because of the necessity of having more water. What you are saying Bill, is
exactly right and he is probably one of those using the underground aquifer
nomenclature, and this is really wrong. We do not have any underground aquifers.
What we have is fracture zones and that sort of thing. Last night, a well connection for
a gentleman out on Pumping Station Road just a short ways out of town, went dry.
He also hears from the public, but he has no substantiation, there are some people in
Cannon Oaks whose new homes are already experiencing some problems with their
wells.
Mr. Conner: At the voting precinct on Tuesday, he had a gentlemen tell him he had
bored a well 60 feet deep some years ago and within 24 hours the water was back to
within 20 feet of the top of the ground and today he does not have water, so he has lost
40 foot of water in his well in the last 15 — 25 years. This is probably on the west side
of town.
Mr. Spiggle: We take for granted that water has always been there and granted it has,
but at the same time, every time it rains, people tell him “isn’t it great it rained, it is
getting back in the ground”. They have tested water in the town well and according to
U. S. Geologist, it takes somewhere in the 40 to 50 year range for this water to get back
to where it is of advantage to the user. At the same time, when it rains, a lot of this
water runs off. You may get two (2) inches of rain, but how much of it goes back in
the ground to recharge. Every time we cut trees and build parking lots, this water runs
off and does not do that much good to the water system in town. It is scary in his
opinion. Charlotte Court House just went through a similar situation, granted theirs was
not due to dry weather so much, it was due to a water leak that they could not find.
They had to bring in bottled water for a town of about 400 to 500 people and we have
about 1700 to 1800 people. They fixed the leak but they still have water problems. We
cannot wait, in his opinion we have waited already too long. We cannot wait much
longer to insure a viable source of water for this community, not just the town, but for
all the area that is around the outskirts of town. And believe you me, folks, that day will
come and people will come to see you or somebody, because they want somebody to do
something now. In his opinion, we have waited already too long and we can’t wait
much longer to make some kind of decision because you are talking about bring in