665
suggested that in order to keep costs as low as possible that we use a vinyl siding type
exterior as the inside equipment costs will be the greater expense.
Mr. Smith also presented a time schedule for the proposed project starting with the pre-
design services to the time of occupancy.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we recently had a state inspection and three (3) items came
out of this inspection. Today she addressed these items back to the State: 1) The
plans proposed by Mr. Smith and hopefully the State will accept this proposed time
schedule; 2) Since there was no isolation area for cats, effective immediately, with the
exception of cat bites, the pound will not accept any more cats. We will run an article in
the newspaper to that effect. 3) Each cage is supposed to have a clip board containing
information as to the date the animal was picked up, where it came from and other
information. We will have to purchase clipboards for this purpose.
Mr. Carter asked if the State would be willing to accept this time schedule.
Ms. Ferguson stated she felt surely they would be well pleased as this is progressing
rapidly. She does not foresee any problems in this regard.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones for the excellent presentation.
Carver Price Alumni Association — Ms. Rowena Robinson: Mrs. Robinson has
asked to address the Board concerning the proposed lease of museum space at the
Carver Price Educational Center. Mr. Overstreet has provided a lease for your review,
and with your permission I will publish the public hearing on this for November 15,
2004.
Mrs. Robinson stated she was here to give a preview of what they plan to do at the
Carver-Price Legacy Museum . They wish to thank the Board for looking at a lease for
the first four (4) rooms. Further, they would like to show you why they asked for the
front wing to give you a better understanding of what they are trying to do. They would
like to set up Mrs. Mozella Price’s office. Next to this would be the athletic display room
for displaying trophies, jerseys, etc. There would also be a display for academic
achievements, such as: old report cards, teacher's registers, old text books, etc. There
would also be a multi-purpose room which would be set aside for meetings with people
and give them a little history of Appomattox County and the Carver-Price Museum.
There would also be a community church and display room. The reason for the church
part is because education for the African-American began in the church. In fact, the
first classes for the Carver Price School were held at the First Baptist Church on Court
Street. They will also have a display connecting the Native American Indian to the Black
Community, along with some of the farming implements used years ago.
Mrs. Robinson is requesting that the Board lease them the whole front wing of the old
Appomattox Elementary School (Carver-Price School).
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to hold a Public Hearing
regarding this lease agreement on November 15, 2004 at 6:15 p.m. VOTE: Mr.