638
changes to the Zoning Ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye
5. Health Department Request: On September 17", the Health Department had requested they
retain $6,898.23 from the FY 2001 budget. Mr. Carroll contacted the Health Department as
to why these funds were not used during the budget year. State spending restrictions last year
were the main reason for the local excess. This money will be used to purchase computers,
medical equipment and additional filing systems.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to deny the request
from the Health Department to retain funds from the FY2001 budget. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
6. Tourism Committee: The Board has received a letter from Mr. David Garrett, Town
Manager, regarding their decision to reject the recommendation of the Joint Tourism
Committee and stating the Town would like to for this committee to continue meeting.
There was a lengthy discussion centered around the activities of the Joint Tourism Committee and
their reason for recommending the need for a director of tourism. There was some thinking that
maybe the issues should be revisited, maybe the Town should do a study and come up with some
recommendations, also one suggestion that the County continue on their own.
Discussion continued regarding the need for a leader for this type of activity; the goals of the
director; who this person would report to and just how do we move forward. Somewhere in all the
discussion between the Committee and the Town, the objectives and goals for tourism development
was lost.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to continue with the joint tourism committee to
see what can be accomplished. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
7. Board Appointments: Appointments need to be made to the following Boards and
Commissions.
a. Board of Equalization: Need appointments for Wreck Island and Appomattox River
Districts. Also two alternates.
Mr. Carwile recommended Mr. Gary Tanner as a representative from the Wreck Island District and
Ms. Annie Hunter as an alternate.
Mr. Kendrick recommended Mr. Jerry Hughes as a representative from the Appomattox River
District.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Mr. Gary Tanner and Mr. Jerry
Hughes to the Board of Equalization: VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.