420
housing for the jail budget. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Richard Martin, Director of
Social Services to replace two (2) thermostats in his department.
After discussion, Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $180.00 as a supplemental appropriation to General
Properties to replace two (2) thermostats in the Department of Social
Services. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson presented the next request from Court Services Unit for
juvenile detention expenses.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to approve a
supplemental appropriation for $240.00 to Court Services Unit to be
used to pay juvenile detention expenses. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Lawson has requested funds from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund to
pay for repairs to his office. This work was approved previously by
the Board.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to appropriate
$1,250.00 to General Properties Budget to pay expenses for repairs to
the Commonwealth Attorney’s Office. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson next presented a request from the Library Board for funds
to purchase equipment.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to
appropriate $1,411.50 from the Special Library Fund to purchase
equipment. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
The Central Virginia Planning District Commission requested the Board
to adopt a resolution of support for the development of the US Route
460 corridor from Roanoke to Norfolk as a part of the Transamerica
Transportation Corridor.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
At the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held on the 2nd Day of May, 1994, in the Board’s Meeting
Room, adjacent to the Office of the Clerk of the Circuit Clerk,
Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox: