V2
be cleared of trees and at present these trees provided a noise barrie!
between the railroad and their dwellings. Mr. Fuller closed by asking
that this request be denied.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. McKinley Tanner came forward with a sketch showing Mr. Jamerson’s
property in relation to other property in the general area. Mr. Tanne}
stated he opposed the zoning change for the following reasons: 1)
traffic was already a problem on Route 460 and this construction would
create more problems with vehicles entering and exiting the highway;
2) traffic complicated more by the County’s dumpster site; 3)
interrupting the quietude of the neighborhood, with traffic entering
and existing Mr. Jamerson’s property at all hours of the day and night;
4) Church property with cemetery would be disturbed by noise and
traffic; 5) property would be devalued; and 6) Appomattox County is
Historical County and these would be an eyesore and people would miss
the historical sign "Welcome to Appomattox County".
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Kenneth Blackburn came forward and gave his address as Spout
Spring. Mr. Blackburn stated he wanted to keep the neighborhood quite
and was also concerned with the increased traffic problem in this
area. Mr. Blackburn stated he opposed the petition.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Herbert Fleshman came forward and stated he was a trustee of Mt.
Shiloh. Mr. Fleshman continued that he opposed any commercial
development in the area of Mt. Shiloh Baptist Church. Mr. Fleshman
explained that his major concern was with increased noise and traffic
in this area.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Lawrence M. Tanner came forward and stated he lived beside McKinle
Tanner. Mr. Tanner explained that he was more concerned with the
property that joins him rather than the property across the street.
Mr. Tanner continued that he was not in favor of this petition.
Mr. Paulette called for any other conments.
Hearing none, and being no further petitions, Mr. Paulette declared th
Chaimnfan
in’©: