604
Mr. Conrad stated that considering the problems that past Boards have
experienced dealing with biosolids and the fact that there is nothing we can do
about biosolids legally, he feels we would be better off to leave this problem
alone.
Mr. Armbrust feels we do need someone to monitor the spreading of biosolids so
we will know what is coming in, he does not feel that we need to hire anyone to
oversee this since we do get reports on this. We just need someone to review
the reports and maybe do some random checking, maybe on a volunteer basis.
He volunteered to do this.
Mr. Overstreet will research this and get back to the Board at a later date.
5. E-911 PSAP Equipment Purchase: Public Notice has been posted
concerning the purchase of equipment for the PSAP. Staff has
recommended that a turn-key E-911 system be procured through Verizon
on a sole source basis.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, that a turn-key E-911 system
be procured through Verizon on a sole source basis. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
6. Request for Musical/Entertainment Festival Permit: Mr. & Mrs.
Ken Swanson are requesting a permit to hold a music festival on
September 4th, on Route 630 in Evergreen. They have gotten permits for
similar festivals in the past.
Mrs. Ferguson requested that this be tabled until the August 2" meeting so she
can obtain more information prior to recommending approval.
7. Region 2000 Regional Commission Agreement: On June 7, 2004
the Board agreed to participate in the water study with the Town of
Appomattox. At that time there was some discussion concerning grant
funding to pay for the costs of this study. Grant funding may be available
through the one million dollars that Virgil Goode’s office has promised to
the Town and County and it has been recommended that we do not draw
on these funds until we decide if we want to form a Public Service
Authority. We have performed several studies concerning this issue and
all have been paid for by sources other than local tax dollars. Our cost of
this study is $25,000.00. If the Board wishes to continue with this study,
you will need to make a supplemental appropriation for this amount.
Mr. Carter asked each Board member to express their feelings on this issue: