of
Several Board members had questions ranging from how the job descriptions were established, if
the private sector was included and if the budget of the surrounding counties was taken into
consideration.
Ms. Zitzow explained that they had tried to focus on those positions where they felt we were most
likely to loose good people. The cost of replacing an employee is approximately 25% more to train
a new employee and get them up to speed.
Mr. Kendrick thanked Ms. Zitzow for her presentation and excused her.
Mr. Kendrick stated that it was necessary to enter into a closed session in accordance with §2.1-
344(A)-1 personnel matters.
At 6:20 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into a closed session in
accordance with §2.1-344(A)-1 to discuss a personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:43 P.M., Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
On a motion the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick called for actions from the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that based upon the Maximus Report, that the
Board accept the 95% pay scale and employee classification as described in the report starting on 9-
1-2001 with future adjustments being based on employee performance.