225
Ms. Freshwater stated that her program had grown in the ten years since she has been
here and up until now this program has been totally funded by the Department of
Criminal Justice Services.
Ms. Freshwater stated that the Department of Criminal Justice Services has told her the
budget must be cut by eight percent which ends up paying her salary and the County will
have to provide the rest of cost to cover expenses.
Ms. Freshwater explained that she would be asking DCJS to pay the salary and $1000 in
FICA which totals $20,460.
Ms. Freshwater explained that travel is needed for training and also to be able to network
with other advocates. Ms. Freshwater explained that the only training she attends is a
training that is provided by the Virginia Network Victims and Witnesses of Crime which
she is a member and she gets a reduction in price of registration. She also attends the
Grant Renewal Training which is required. Ms. Freshwater explained that if there
happens to be any local trainings scheduled for domestic violence she tries to carpool and
attend. Ms. Freshwater stated that if she is attending a workshop she tries to team up with
another County or someone to share expenses and make the workshops cost effective.
Ms. Freshwater explained that the total amount of funds requested from the County is
$1773.00 and the total amount requested by DCJS is $20,460 which makes her budget
total $22,233,
Ms. Freshwater expressed gratitude to the Board and previous Boards for the support they
have shown to her department.
Ms. Freshwater explained that just for this year the money for VOCA funds have been
reduced, she explained that money is there, it is just reduced for this year. Ms. Freshwater
stated that if the Board wanted further explanation of the reduced funds she would speak
with Mundy Patterson , Chief, and try to get a better explanation of the reduction of these
funds.
Mr. Conrad asked Ms. Freshwater what her case load per year was and Ms. Freshwater
explained that she had a case load of about 150 victims which equals to about 44 a
quarter. Ms. Freshwater explained that this program is provided as a choice to victims.
Mr. Craft called for a short recess at 7:05 p.m. and called the work session back to order
at 7:15 p.m.
Mr. Craft next welcomed Mr. Fred Underwood, Mr. Sonny Conner and Ms. Sabrina
Smith, Registrar. Mr. Underwood explained that Mr. Foxwell could not attend the
meeting tonight due to a death in the family.
Mr. Underwood stated that he would like to explain the increases that have been
submitted to the Board in the Electoral Board budget. Mr. Underwood explained that