Mr. Moore next presented a letter from Mrs. Belter, Treasurer,
requesting guidance on disbursing the Trigon Healthcare stock.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence
have Mrs. Belter deposit 10,543.5 shares of stock in a fund designated
Schools Health Insurance Fund and 10,543.5 shares in a fund designated
School Construction Renovation, Maintenance and Debt Service. Vote:
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence
aye.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
to
directed to contact the School Board and seek their input on which sale
option they would prefer.
Mr. Moore next explained that the information requested about the cost
of personal cards was provided on page 3. Mr. Moore continued that
each individual would take care of purchasing their own cards, if tht
desired to do so.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from Mr. Carroll for approval to
attend the Virginia Economic Developers Association conference.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Mr. Carr
to attend the Virginia Economic Developers Association Conference.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore next presented a request for a resolution supporting the
James River Coalition.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Moore explained it was time to renew the Memorandum of
©.
KK
Understanding with Virginia Cooperative Extension. Mr. Moore explained
there were no changes noted in the new Memorandum of Understanding.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into the
new Memorandum of Understanding with Virginia Cooperative Extension.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented a Cooperative Agreement for Dam Repair for
damage sustained during Hurricane Fran. Mr. Moore continued that no
additional County funds are required.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into the
agreement for Dam repair. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from Mrs. Pat Cowan, President,
Habitat for Humanity that fees be waived for building permits for
Hatitat houses constructed in the County.