651
Whereas Central Virginia Community Services is celebrating 30 years of providing these
services to area citizens,
Therefore, I, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors do hereby declare the 18"
day of April 1999, as Central Virginia Community Services Day urging all citizens to be
cognizant of the importance of the services provided, and to recognize and appreciate the
vital role plays in our areas
Done at Appomattox County this 5” day of April, in the year of our Lord nineteen
hundred and ninety nine.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then informed the Board of several upcoming events.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Governor was requesting volunteers to coordinate a
campaign in each locality for Operation Spruce-Up. Mr. Bosiger continued that a packet
of information was enclosed in the Board Book and if any member knew of an
organization that would be interested they could provide this information to the group.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Oakville Ruritan Club had requested someone attend their
May 1999 meeting to explain the Courthouse proposal.
After discussion, it was agreed that Mr. Moore and Mr. Carroll or Mrs. Ferguson would
attend this meeting to provide the most current information.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Regional Dinner was scheduled for April 29, 1999 at
6:30 P.M. at Jeanne’s Restaurant. Mr. Bosiger asked who planed to attend.
All members expressed that they planned to attend.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Wayne Phelps had requested permission to take the
cannon from the Courthouse lawn to the reenactment for display.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Mr.
Wayne Phelps to take the cannon from the Courthouse lawn and display it at the
reenactment site as long as it is covered by the proper insurance. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if any action was necessary from the Board concerning the dog
confinement period.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the confinement period was set by ordinance each year.