Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette
aye.
Mr. Torrence thanked Sheriff Richardson for his time and comments
concerning this matter.
Mr. Torrence next asked Mrs. Ferguson if she had any other items for
Board attention.
Mrs. Ferguson told the Board that Monte Mays had provided additional
information as to why he needed the deputy, from his office, attend the
VALECO meeting. Mr. Mays asked the Board to reconsider their previous
decision.
-
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay the deputy,
from the Commissioner of Revenue’s Office expenses to the VALECO
conference. Vote: Mr. Torrence, nay; Mrs. Beasley, nay; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence requested that some sort of recognition be given to the
landfill employees for the job they have been doing at the landfill.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was requested to write the landfill
employees recognizing them for their excellent rating on recycling and
present the draft letter at the October 1994 meeting for exceptance by
the Board.
Mr. Torrence next informed the Board that an executive session was
needed to discuss a legal matter.
At 3:08 P.M. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter
into executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Paulette, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 3:12 P.M. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Beasley seconded by Mr. Paulette the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedar
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of