193
Enhancement Act funding in the total amount of $60,000.00. Each site will require $1,000.00
from the locality in which it is located.
Mr. Moore then explained that anyone wishing to address comments to the Board concerning this
application should come forward, give their name and address and state their comments for the
record.
Mr. Moore called for comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore explained that since there were no comments it was necessary for the
Board to adopt a resolution to participate in this grant.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, in accordance with Commonwealth Transportation Board construction allocation
procedures, it is necessary that a request by resolution be received from the local government or
state agency in order that the Virginia Department of Transportation programa transportation
enhancement project in the county of Appomattox.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, request the Commonwealth Transportation Board to establish a project for the
improvement of sites 21 and 22 known as Lee’s Rearguard and the Battle of Appomattox Station,
respectively, along the Route of Lee’s Retreat portion of Virginia’s Civil War Trails.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby
agrees to pay a minimum 20 percent of the total cost for planning and design, right of way and
construction of this project, and that, if the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
subsequently elects to cancel this project the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby
agrees to reimburse the Virginia Department of Transportation for the total amount of costs
expended by the Department through the date the Department is notified of such cancellation.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Being no further, Mr. Moore declared the public hearing closed at 7:02 P.M.
WZ
RUSSELL H MOORE, CHAIRMAN a
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox Town
Council and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on January 18, 2000 in the
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present(Board of Supervisors):
Russell H. Moore - Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District