556
asked questions and felt that his questions were always answered whether he liked the answer or
not. Mr. Moore then thanked each Board member for their support.
Chairman Conrad called for any other person who wished to come and speak during this time
that had been set aside for public comment. Hearing no other comments, Chairman Conrad
moved into the Agenda for appearances. Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Donald Hart, President
of VACo who has come to introduce himself to the Board, and to also update the Board on
VACo activities.
Mr. Hart came forward and thanked the Board for the opportunity to speak and also for the
opportunity to be in the beautiful Town of Appomattox. Mr. Hart stated that he brought
greetings from Accomack County and he had been on the Board in Accomack County for 29
years and is still the baby on the Board. Mr. Hart stated that he was also bringing greeting from
VACo and he wanted the Board to know that Appomattox County is very important to the state
of Virginia. Mr. Hart stated that in this day and time it is so important for all counties to stick
together from the smallest of Highland, to the largest of Fairfax, especially when dealing with
Washington DC and Richmond. Mr. Hart stated that some of his goals this year, while president
of VACo, is to develop a close relationship with each county in the state and be assessable to
those counties. Mr. Hart stated that he feels your word is your bond and a handshake is a
contract. Mr. Hart stated that if Appomattox County should need him on a federal, state or local
level he will be there, and as long as he is president Appomattox County will not stand alone.
Mr. Hart continued by stating that all these unfunded mandates are wrong. Mr. Hart stated that
there were several unfunded mandates that VACo was successful in getting stopped. Mr. Hart
stated that no unfunded mandates came out of Richmond this year and that he is very proud of
that. Mr. Hart urged the Board to stay abreast of VACo benefits, services and offering and to
take advantage of these benefits, and to also become a part of the communication list. This will
give you updates on what is happening in other localities and states. Mr. Hart asked the Board to
please participate in the legislative committees and have someone to sit on these committees to
let them know how Appomattox County feels on issues. Mr. Hart urged the Board to have a
representative from the County to serve on the Rural Caucus. Mr. Hart thanked the Board for the
time they had allowed him to come and introduce himself and speak with the Board. Mr. Hart
called for questions that the Board may have.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Hart for taking the time to come and introduce himself and speak
to the Board.
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. Waite Rawls with the Museum of the Confederacy to come
and appear before the Board.
Mr. Rawls came forward and stated that he had several items that he would like to report to the
Board. Mr. Rawls stated that the Museum of Confederacy is still proceeding with plans and this
project continues to grow, and has now become approximately an eight million dollar project.
When completed, and they have spent approximately one half million on this project to date.
Mr. Rawls stated that they are working hard to become a part of the Community and by doing
this they have joined the Chamber of Commerce, and then were picked as the business of the
month. Mr. Rawls stated that they have made good progress, and the exhibit planners are terrific