489
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson if the Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District
investigated or looked into the biosolids runoff on recently applied land as part of their
ongoing testing.
Ms. Ferguson replied that they did not specifically go out and look at each and every
site, but it certainly is a part of what they do.
At 6:53 p.m. Mr. Carter recessed the meeting for the Public Hearing to be held at 7:00
p.m.
At 7:09 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting and called for
SUPERVISOR CONCERNS: (Item 19)
Mr. Conrad — He would first like to discuss the waterline. Both the Town Council and
the Board of Supervisors for the last couple of years have tried to work in connection
with each other to develop this waterline. He does not think there is any questions in
anyone’s mind that it was realistic. The future will mean public water for Appomattox
County someday. It is just a matter of when you will do this. The quicker you do this,
the quicker you will be able to cope and compete in the future. Unfortunately, he thinks
there are some emotions involved and some self-centered idealism that it has become
more subjective. He feels like what has been done has set us backwards, but on the
other hand he thinks, we as a Board would be remiss, if we were to turn at this point
and say, “We are just going to put this on the back burner”. We are still aware of the
fact that we still have Campbell County Public Utility Authority working on this issue to
bring a waterline from Rustburg to Concord and there is no reason in the world why we
can’t still become involved and maybe even work on this from a: point that we can still
consummate so sort of agreement that we may be ready when the time comes to hook
up. We can't look at these things in the short term, you have to look at both the short
term and the long term. If we are going to grow, we will have to be willing to succeed a
little bit and understand that there are going to be changes. To think otherwise, you
are only kidding yourself and you are not a governing body that has to make these
decisions. You are not representing the citizens that elected you as you should be. He
is sorry if anyone takes offense at this but so be it.
Secondly, he would like to recognize Chad Millner, who is no longer with the newspaper,
reporting for us. We own him a thanks for certainly doing a good job. He not only
covered the news fully and accurately, it was fair and balanced at all times. Chad has
been a real asset to the community. Thanks very much for a job well done.
Shawn Armbrust: Also thanked Chad. There is a new sub-division going up on
Hummingbird Lane and some of the residents would like to have the 35 mile per hour
sign moved beyond this sub-division. He would like to have Ms. Ferguson contact VDOT
regarding this issue. :
Willie Craft: Thanked Chad for a job well done.