923
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Austin and asked Mrs. Ferguson to read the
letter from Mrs. Freihaut.
Mrs. Ferguson read the following letter:
November 7, 1994
To Whom It May Concern:
First, I would like to apologize for not being able to make this
request in person. I recently received a promotion from my employer,
Social Security Administration. It is required that I attend a six
week class from October 17, until December 7, which is being held at
the Norfolk, Virginia District Office. Any time missed from the course
could be detrimental since they are covering a vast amount of
information in a short amount of time.
As far as my other family members: my mother-in-law, Delores Freihaut,
is staying in Lynchburg with friends until our double-wide trailer is
set up. My husband, Michael Freihaut, is required to stay at home in
the evenings with our four daughters in my absence.
Therefore, we are requesting a transfer of Parcel "A" of 2.11 acres for
Parcels "D" and "E" which consists of 1.23 acres and 0.88 acres
respectively. This would lengthen the back of our property 80 some
feet.
We are requesting this transfer of property to meet all legal county
requirements for the addition of a new home on our property. The land
we are offering to the county has state road frontage. It consists of
a creek and mixed timber. The property we are requesting in trade
consists of 2.11 acres of rocky, wooded hillside directly behind our
property which has no other access.
I would again like to apologize for my absence. I would like to take
this time to thank the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for their
time and considerations in this matter and would hope that this trade
would benefit the County of Appomattox as well as our family.
Enclosed you will find two copies of the preliminary survey.
Respectfully yours,
Carol Ann Freihaut
Mrs. Ferguson explained that this is one of the parcels included in the
public hearing for November 15, 1994.
Mr. Torrence next called Ms. Renee Maxey, CDI Director, to appear
before the Board.
Ms. Maxey began by thanking the Board for allowing her time to speak
with them concerning new regulations governing the CDI program.