Var
Historical Society could find a deputy that could help out.
Mr. Moore then asked what the wishes of the Board were concerning the Historical Society using
the Courthouse the four Saturdays in March?
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to be assured of the security prior to approval.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Phelps if he would check on the plans for security and report back to the
Board?
Mr. Phelps stated that he would get with Sheriff Staples and report back to the Board.
Mr. Kendrick stated that he would still like for the Judge to be informed and asked his opinion.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to talk with the Judge concerning this request.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone would like to put this in the form of a motion?
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not feel that a motion was necessary. He continued that they
certainly had his support, with the security.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Phelps.
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and said that he had some concerns but he did not feel that this
was the time since Mr. Hancock was not in the meeting and he could have some concerns and he
would like to put this off until Mr. Hancock joined the Board.
Mr. Moore stated that would be fine.
Mr. Kendrick addressed the Chair and stated that he did have a concern that when the Board had
a major action item that might come up, that it not be brought up under Supervisor Concerns but
be made a part of the agenda. Mr. Kendrick continued that his reason for this was to give
everyone adequate time to review that agenda item. Mr. Kendrick stated that his understanding
of Supervisor Concerns are items of a lessor nature and therefore, he would like to make a
proposal that the Board add to their bylaws that anything that requires major decision making be
added to the agenda rather than bring it up under Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Moore stated that he thought this was a good move and that he had no objection.
Mr. Carter stated that he agreed.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was trying to digest all that he heard. Mr. Carwile continued that he
missed part of the conversation. Mr. Carwile asked if they were dealing with major concerns that