176
4. Interest Rates and Principal Installments. The County
Administrator is hereby authorized and directed to accept the interest
rates on the Bonds established by the VPSA, provided that no such
interest rate shall be more than ten one-hundredths of one percent
(0.10%) over the annual interest rate to be paid by the VPSA for the
corresponding principal payment date of the bonds to be issued by the
VPSA (the "VPSA Bonds"), a portion of the proceeds of which will be
used to purchase the Bonds, and provided further, that the true
interest cost of the Bonds shall not exceed eight percent (8%) per
annum. The County Administrator is authorized and directed to accept
such other Interest Payment Dates and Principal Payment Dates as may be
established by the VPSA. The County Administrator is hereby authorized
and directed to accept the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds and
the amounts of principal of the Bonds coming due on each Principal
Payment Date (the "Principal Installments") established by the VPSA,
provided that such aggregate principal amount shall not exceed
$5,000,000 and the final maturity of the Bonds shall not be later than
approximately 21 years from their date. The execution and delivery of
the Bonds as described in paragraph 8 hereof shall conclusively
evidence such interest rates established by the VPSA and Interest
Payment Dates and the Principal Installments requested by the VPSA as
having been so accepted as authorized by this Resolution.
5. Form of the Bonds. For as long as the VPSA is the registered
owner of the Bonds, the Bonds shall be in the form of a single,
temporary typewritten bond substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A. On twenty (20) days written notice from the VPSA, the
County shall deliver, at its expense, Bonds in marketable form in
denominations of $5,000 and whole multiples thereof, as requested by
the VPSA, in exchange for the temporary typewritten Bond.
6. Payment; Paying Agent and Bond Registrar. The following
provisions shall apply to the Bonds:
(a) For as long as the VPSA is the registered owner of the Bonds,
all payments of principal of, premium if any, and interest on the Bonds
shall be made in immediately available funds to the VPSA at or before
11:00 a.m. on the applicable Interest Payment Date or Principal Payment
Date, or if such date is not a business day for Virginia banks or for
the Commonwealth of Virginia, then at or before 11:00 a.m. on the
business day next preceding such Interest Payment Date or Principal
Payment Date.
(b) All overdue payments of principal and, to the extent
permitted by law, interest shall bear interest at the applicable
interest rate or rates on the Bonds.
(Cc) Crestar Bank, Richmond, Virginia is designated as Bond
Registrar and Paying Agent for the Bonds.
7. No Redemption or Prepayment. The Principal Installments of
the Bonds are not subject to redemption or prepayment. Furthermore,
the Board covenants, on behalf of the County, not to refund or