260
Mr. Christie briefly updated the Falling River Watershed and stated it is complete for the
southern part of this county. Mr. Christie explained that copies of the report to the EPA
concerning this project can be found on the Region 2000 website if any of the Board
wished to review.
Mr. Christie explained that the Regional Disability Services Board had been looking at
developing a fund proposal for funds from Richmond and thanked Mr. John Spencer for
his participation on this Board and representing Appomattox County.
Mr. Christie stated that they are now getting ready for the Regional Landfill and stated
that on the May 19", meeting the Board will be asked to approve a resolution to join the
Authority. Mr. Christie also thanked Mr. Tanner for participation on the Local
Government Council.
Mr. Christie thanked Mr. Carter for his participation on this Board for the past several
years and explained that the Local Government Council does a lot of grant writing and a
lot of public administration, but also an important part of the Council is getting to know
your neighbors and fellow public officials on a one to one basis. Through this friendship,
the Local Government Council appreciates Mr. Carters’ service to this Board and
presented Mr. Carter with a region map that is signed by all Local Government Council
members and the Staff of Region 2000.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Christie and his staff for all that they do for the Region.
Mr. Christie then asked the Board if they had any questions for him, hearing none,
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Christie for coming and updating the Board on these
regional projects.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #4 Library Board Appointment.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had spoken with Ms. Cindy Walker and she is willing to serve
on the Library Board representing the Wreck Island District.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to appoint Ms. Cindy Walker to fill Ms. Cindy Guill’s
unexpired term on the Library Board and then reappoint her to a full four year term
beginning July 1°, 2008.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion and Mr. Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #5 — Position Description.
Chairman Craft questioned the weight capacity for this position as to if it is correct is
stating the person in this position should be able to lift 100lbs. This sounds like an
excessive amount. Chairman Craft also questioned the minimum salary.