604
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to make a supplemental
appropriation of $500.00 to 1209-5201 for postage. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $35,476.00 from
the school capital improvement fund for brickwork at the High School. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several livestock damage claims for approval.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve a $430.00 livestock
claim for William E. Mann and a $50.00 livestock claim for Christie Schmitt for animals
killed by stray dogs. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that he and Andy were planning to attend the Virginia
Economic Development Seminar on March 10, 1999. Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone else
wished to attend and also asked that the Board pay his and Andy’s expenses.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve for Mr. Bosiger and Mr.
Carroll to attend the Virginia Economic Development Seminar and pay their expenses,
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next brought the Board’s attention to the landfill report provided by Mr.
Carroll.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board if a short recess was in order to give Mr. Moore a few
minutes to join the Board?
By consensus a recess was called at 7:43 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 7:53 P.M.
Mr. Moore joined the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Lawson if he had formed an opinion on Mr. Bobby Moore’s
contention that he had vested rights on property located at Concord.
Mr. Lawson stated that he had thoroughly researched the matter and consulted with Mr.
Moore’s attorney. Mr. Lawson stated that it was his understanding from researching
information from the records that Mr. Scott Schewel had stated at the public hearing that
he had operated a pulpwood yard at this site from August of 1977 until June of 1990. Mr.
Lawson continued that Mr. Moore had stated that he had been leasing this property from
the railroad to store his trailers since December 1, 1994. Mr. Lawson continued that the
case that he had been studying says that the burden is on the landowner to show that his