276
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comments Period: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concem to the citizen.
There were no comments to be heard.
At 6:42 p.m. Mr. Conrad arrived.
Mr. Carter next called for ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-2)
1. Reassessment Proposals: Ms. Ferguson is requesting permission to advertise for
someone to do our reassessment as a Request for Proposal instead of sealed bids. She
feels we need to have the latitude to look at all aspects of the firm seeking to provide
reassessment services, not just the cost of services.
Mr. Overstreet explained that in seeking professional services the Board can electto use Request
for Proposal as compared to sealed bids, in orderto do competitive negotiations.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to advertise for someone to do the
reassessment as a Request for Proposal instead of sealed bids. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. CDBG Grant Application: Our CDBG grant application requires that we hold
several public hearings to receive comments on the proposed project. Ms. Ferguson has
suggested that the first public hearing be held on January 17, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. in the
Appomattox Town Office.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the date has been changed to February 6, 2006, same time and place.
When applying for a CDBG grant there are certain procedures that have to be followed in order
to be eligible for funding. Management meetings have been held and we are now ready to hold
the public hearings.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to hold the first
public hearing on the CDBG grant application on February 6, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. at the
Appomattox Town Office. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2A. Extend terms of the Planning Commission: As everyone is aware, the
Planning Commission terms that expired in 2005 were extended to December 31, 2005.
We have not had a very good response from our advertisement requesting applications
from citizens who wished to serve on Boards, and/or Commissions. We do have some
petitions that need to be taken care of at the January 17, 2006 meeting. After conferring
with Mr. Overstreet we would like to extend the terms of Al Sears, Steve Conner, Jerry
Hughes, and Calvin Tanner until January 31, 2006 which would give us an opportunity to
take care of the Planning Commission meeting for the middle of the month, plus see if
any more applications are received from interested citizens.