105
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on May 13, 1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order at 7:00 p.m. and stated
the purpose of the hearing was to receive public comment on the
proposed budget for FY97. Mr. Paulette then stated the procedure for
addressing comments to the Board and called for comments.
Mr. William McDearmon came forward and stated his address as Route 719
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. McDearmon stated he applauded the Board’s
decision to cut the School Board’s budget request. Mr. McDearmon
stated he would not like to see educational programs cut in order for
teachers to get a salary increase. Mr. McDearmon stated he was not in
favor of across the board percentage increases. Mr. McDearmon thanked
the Board for their time.
Mr. Melvin Herndon came forward and gave his address as Lynchburg,
Virginia. Mr. Herndon stated that he was representing the Appomattox
County Educational Association. Mr. Herndon continued that the
increase in schools budget request included funding for education,
renovations, underground tank removal, as well as salary increases.
Mr. Herndon encouraged the Board to fully fund the School Board’s FY97
budget request.
Ms. Jill Reynolds came forward next and gave her address as Route 1,
Appomattox, Virginia. Ms. Reynolds stated she was concerned with the
Board of Supervisors lack of concern for education in Appomattox
County. Ms. Reynolds informed the Board that education was a team
effort. Ms. Reynolds continued that personnel had to be paid
competitively if a quality education was to be provided.
Ms. Reynolds encouraged the Board to fully fund the School Board’s
request.
Ms. Ruth Williamson came forward and stated her address as Route 1102,
Pamplin City, Virginia. Ms. Williamson continued that she has lived in
the County for nine years. Ms. Williamson continued she teaches in
Prince Edward County because they pay more for teachers. Ms.
Williamson encouraged the Board to fully fund the School Boards funding
request in order to attract and keep good teachers.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments. Hearing none, Mr. Paulette
closed the public hearing at 7:12 p.m.
/)y)) /) P
Chairman