80
Gary Christie —- Region 2000 Regional Commission
Jeff Rogers — Region 2000 Regional Commission
Tom Fore — Amherst County Board of Supervisors
At 6:30 P.M. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation, after which
he asked those present to stand and Pledge Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter stated that this was an informational meeting regarding the options to the
Water Study and the creation of a Public Service Authority.
Mr. Carter then introduced Mr. Bill Gillespie, President of MRG Consulting, LLC, who is
working with the Region 2000 Regional Commission.
Mr. Gillespie introduced Gary Christie, Executive Director of Region 2000 Regional
Commission; Jeff Rogers, Engineer, who is basically putting together the options for the
water project; and Tom Fore, member of the Amherst Board of Supervisors, currently
serving on their Public Service Authority.
Mr. Jeff Rogers stated that the goal for the project was as follows:
"To enable the decision-making process for the selection of a preferred long-term
drinking water supply source.
Mr. Rogers also addressed the following alternatives:
Existing System — (do nothing alternative)
Concord Water Line Alternatives (A & B)
Lynchburg Water Line Alternative
James River Intake Alternative
Multi-purpose Reservoir Alternative
Mr. Rogers stated the reason for completing this project is - “To develop an action plan
that culminates in the formulation of strategies for construction of long range and
dependable source of water.” These strategies include:
Increase water source reliability
Provide for future demands for water
Facilitate long-term economic development
Mitigate future regulatory requirement costs
Security, source protection & new/revised WQ standards
Enhance drought management planning
Mitigate future water rate increases.
Mr. Rogers discussed the Overview that was presented to each member present. He
also discussed the summary of Key Points:
e The cost of water will increase significantly by 2050
Residential consumption will not increase significantly
Economic Development critical for controlling water rates
Economics of scale will mitigate expected cost increases
Significant portion of growth will occur outside Town of Appomattox limits
Cost to produce water will more than double by 2050