367
about. CSA stands for Comprehensive Services Act for at risk youths and families. It
was passed by the Virginia General Assembly in 1992. The General Assembly was
concerned that too much money was being spent on duplicated and fragmented services
for the children of the different counties. Two agencies giving a child the same service
or the child receiving just a piece of the services available. This act was passed to
ensure that the children received high quality, less restricted and unduplicated services.
They felt this would best be done if managed at the local level with agencies working
together. They took money from the Department of Juvenile Justice, the Department of
Social Services, Department of Education and Mental Health and combined them into
one pool of funds. They then charged the localities with managing and overseeing this
program as well as its money, without approving any new positions and very little
funding to do so. There are certain children that through law in the State of Virginia are
mandated to receive these services. (Code of Virginia - Section 2.2-5211). Two teams
work with this money, the Family Assessment and Planning Team, which is known as
FAPT and they make the plans for the children and the money that will be spent on
them. This team consists of people from the Supervisory level from the Juvenile and
Domestic Relations Court Service Unit, the School System, the Department of Social
Services, Mental Health and the Health Department and they have one community
parent representative. The Community and Policy Management Team, of which he is a
member, called the CPMT which approves that the plans submitted by FAPT, keeping in
mind the most efficient and most effective use of the funds provided. The CPMT
members of the heads of the previously mentioned agencies, plus the County
Administrator. These teams meet on a monthly basis or more frequently if needed and
FAPT has taken all day to carry on their business as they meet to consider the needs of
these high risk children. In addition to their regular full time jobs, from 1992 to 2003,
these team members carried the caseload themselves. They did the case management,
and the case utilization. In 2004, The Appomattox CPMT realized that this responsibility
was too labor some and time consuming for members to perform and take care of their
regular jobs. They contracted with Campbell County CSA to share their Coordinator and
Case Manager, on a part-time basis, at a cost of $12,000.00 per year. Caseloads have
increased tremendously in both Appomattox and Campbell Counties over the last few
years, causing Campbell County to not renew our contract this year.
In 2004, when we contracted with Campbell County, we served 14 families, spending
$101,000.00 in services. In 2005, we served double that number, 33 families, spending
$239,000.00. Already in 2006, we have 28 families and have spent $300,000.00, with a
yearly total expected to be well over $400,000.00. This is a tremendous responsibility
and we need a full-time CSA Coordinator/Case Manager, to see that this is done
correctly and in the best interest of the children, the county and the taxpayers. The
duties would include case management, visitation of the children and families,
coordination of services, utilization management- seeing that the money is spent
correctly and justifying that money with Richmond. This job would also include
requesting or “sometimes called begging” money to supplement our funding from the
Office of Comprehensive Services in Richmond. This person would also attend all
meetings of the FAPT and CPMT to insure they stay within the policy guidelines.
So far this year, the School System has 17 cases, Social Services, 2 cases and other
representatives have a total of 5 cases. The CSA Coordinator/Case Manager position