132
to surrounding areas of the Environmental Hazard Zoning Districts and
the possibility of amending and reenacting the County Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Jamerson presiding called the meeting to order at 11:00 A.M.
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mt. District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to waive the five
(5) day notice for a Special Meeting in accordwith Virginia Code
section 15.1-538. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The County Attorney, Thomas W. Lawson, was present and also agreed to
the waiver of notice.
All members of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
County Attorney signed a written waiver of the notice and Chairman
Jamerson directed the County Administrator to file the waiver in the
office of the County Administrator.
After review, discussion and consideration, Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, it is the finding of the Board of Supervisors that the
public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good
zoning practice require that the Board initiate
zoning ordinance text and map amendments pertaining to the
permitting of activities which involve or may involve
environmental hazards having detrimental effect to the
surrounding areas and for the purpose of amending and
reenacting the County Zoning Ordinance as so amended.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County:
1. That Article VIII, Section 811, Environmental Hazard
District FH, be repealed.
2. That Article V, Section 501 be amended by deleting FH
Environmental Hazard District from the zoning districts
allowed in the County.
3. That Article VII, Section 701.03, Non-conforming Uses
of Land, subsection 1 be amended to read in its
entirety as follows: