Mr. Bosiger then explained that VACO was recommending that the County adopt an
electric utility license tax ordinance. Mr. Bosiger explained that this tax would be
imposed by the State and if the localities did not have an ordinance inn place their share
of these funds would go to the State.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to advertise a public hearing in
order to adopt the electric utility license tax. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the VDOT work session on the Six-Year Plan would be
held on October 25, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. at the VDOT Residency Office in Appomattox.
Mr. Bosiger continued that the public hearing on the Six-Year Plan would be held on
December 6, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from the Virginia Chapter of the American Planning
Association for a resolution of support for their efforts.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, November 8" 1999 is the 50" Anniversary of WORLD TOWN OF
PLANNING DAY; and
WHEREAS, November 8" of each year has been celebrated as World Town Planning
Day in many countries since its inception in 1949; and
WHEREAS, The American Institute of Certified Planners (AICP) acting for the 11, 000
member of the planning profession in America, a component of the 30,000-member
American Planning Association, endorses World Town Planning Day as an opportunity
to highlight the contributions sound planning makes to the quality of our settlements and
environment and to celebrate American accomplishments in making collective decisions
concerning our cities and regions that bring quality and meaning to our lives; and
WHEREAS, the celebration of World Town Planning Day gives us the opportunity to
publicly recognize the participation and dedication of the members of the members of
planning commissions and other citizen planners who have contributed their time and
expertise to the improvement of the County; and
WHEREAS, We recognize the many valuable contributions made by professional
community and regional planners of the County of Appomattox and extend our heartfelt
thanks for the continued commitment to public service;
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT, November 8", 1999 is hereby
designated as
COMMUNITY AND REGIONAL PLANNING DAY