329
instruments related thereto in order to finance the acquisition and improvement of the
Altavista Group Home and to pay related costs and expenses, upon terms and conditions
as heretofore approved by the Board in its approving resolution with respect to the
Additional Loan.
2. Each duly authorized officer of the Locality is hereby authorized to execute and
deliver such additional instruments or to take such additional action as may be reasonably
necessary to effectuate the purposes and intent of this resolution and the issuance of the
Additional Loan by the Board. Under no circumstances, however, shall the payment of
debt service on the Additional Loan constitute a general obligation indebtedness or a
pledge of the full faith and credit or taxing power of any of the Member Jurisdictions.
3. This resolution shall take effect immediately.
CERTIFICATE
The undersigned Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia,
hereby certifies that the foregoing is a true, correct and complete copy of a resolution
adopted by a majority of the members of the Board of Supervisors present and voting at a
meeting duly called and held on August 18, 2008, and that such resolution has not been
repealed, revoked, rescinded or amended, but is in full force and effect on the date hereof.
A summary of the members present or absent at such meeting, and the recorded vote with
respect to the foregoing resolution, is set forth below:
| ; VOTING ee
| MEMBER NAME | PRESENT | ABSENT YES _'NO_ | ABSTAINING
WilliamH. Craft, Chairman x ad ® ee
Thomas H. Conrad, Vice x | x
| Chairman ; :
| SamuelE. Carter x x
_Russell H. Moore x x re
Gary W. Tanner x tk x i mi -
WITNESS my signature and the seal of Appomattox County, Virginia, this 18th day of
August, 2008
DESCRIPTION OF THE LOAN
qd) Original Loan Commencement Date: June 8, 2006
Loan Maturity Date: July 1, 2021
(2) Names and addresses of Loan Participants:
Borrower Bank
Central Virginia Community Services Board Bank of America, N.A.
2241 Langhorne Road Commercial Banking
Lynchburg, Virginia 24501 VA2-300-18-02