094
135.15 to 7301-5414 from the Special Library Fund
86.34 to 7301-5415 for the Summer Reading Program
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for payment of bills from the Law Library Fund.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $399.90 from the Law
Library Fund for the month of September 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for a resolution of support from the Conservation
Land Coalition supporting Virginia Land Conservation Foundation and the need for a
dedicated source of state funding for land conservation.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was asked to look into
this further and report back to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Social Services that the County participate in
the tax-deferred purchase of prior service that Virginia Retirement System is now
offering.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to see how
much work was involved in providing this benefit and report back to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the new rates for employee health insurance were enclosed for
the Board’s review. Mr. Bosiger continued that the Board would need to formally agree
to stay with the School Board health insurance carrier for the next year. Mr. Bosiger also
asked the Board if they wished to continue to pay the employee’s premium? Mr. Bosiger
explained that if the Board wished to continue to pay the employees premium they would
need to appropriate an additional $29,040.00 from the Trigon Employee Health Care
Proceeds.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the County
continue coverage for health insurance with the School Board and appropriate
$21,795.00 from the Trigon Employee Health Care Proceeds to pay the employees part
of the insurance premium. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a letter from the Electoral Board with the results of an
accessibility survey that they had been asked to complete by the State Board of Elections.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was asked to request a
copy of the completed surveys from the Appomattox County Electoral Board.