306
Mr. Hancock stated that he had received approximately 25 telephone calls in the past two days,
which he appreciated. He hates to make a hasty decision. He likes to have all his information up
front and at this time he is in favor of funding the school budget, but he has a problem with the
courthouse and the new school. He has a problem with the increase of $.25 in tax rate. He would
like to see some cosmetics done to the Courthouse, or put it off. There is no way we can do the
courthouse and school at the same time. We need to do one project and let the revenue build up and
then do the others.
There was a general discussion and clarification on previously made remarks.
Mr. Moore preceeded to make his comments. He agrees with a lot that has been said tonight. He
would like to correct some statements about what the previous boards had done wrong, and that they
had failed. He went back to the last assessment. They had tunnel vision and had to take money out
of reserves and should have raised taxes and he feels the people would have accepted it. Everything
that was done, was done for the benefit of the taxpayer. We are not here to create a lot of funds to
be used in the future and the taxpayers do not want us to accumulate a lot of extra funds. We need
to get back in the BLACK, we cannot continue to stay in the RED. He does not like to increase taxes
but we are going to have to do it. After years of no tax increase, we are going to have to get it all at
one time. Everyone is concerned. We cannot separate those who can afford to pay taxes from those
who cannot. We need this $.25 tax increase.
Mr. Moore asked for additional comments.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter to accept the school budget at $15,045,794.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; and Mr. Carwile,
nay.
Discussion for setting the date for the public hearing for the budget.
A Public Hearing for the Budget was set for May 11, 2000 at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County
Courthouse.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter to set the tax rate for FY2001 at $.80 per $100.
Mr. Moore stated a motion had been made and seconded. Any discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated he could not support a tax rate increase of $.25 on the taxpayer of this County.
He is sorry. He would be more in favor of a $.10 increase in the tax rate.
Mr. Hancock stated he could not support the $.25 tax rate increase.
Mr. Moore stated he did not want to support an increase in taxes but he did not see any other way
to get out of the red and into the black.
Mr. Carter stated he did not want to increase taxes but in order for the County to continue to operate