684
Assessors were paid at a rate of $70/day. Do we wish to use this same rate?
Mr. Carwile feels the Board of Equalization will spend an equal amount of time and be under more
demanding circumstances in their capacity, therefore, they should receive an equal rate of
compensation if not more than the Board of Assessors.
The remaining members of the Board feel the same.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr Moore, the rate of pay for the Board of Equalization
will be set a $70/day. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 7:08 p.m. Mr. Carter stated it was necessary for the Board to enter into a closed session in
accordance with Section 2.2-3711.A.1 of the Code of Virginia to discuss a personnel matter.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board entered into a closed session under
Section 2.2-3711.A-1 - Personnel Matters. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 8:12 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board returned to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certified motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711.A.1 Of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any motions to be presented as a result of the closed session.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the Board offer Mr. Andy Carroll, our
County Administrator, a 3.5% pay increase in accordance to the performance evaluation he has
received and what was budgeted for this purpose.
Mr. Carwile stated he is taking the stand that because of the economy of the country not just the
county,” feel that we have got to be tight this year with our budget and with that view in mind I will