545
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she had prepared corrections for Montoro
and Associates. The Board should have a final copy by the February
1995 meeting.
Mr. Torrence asked if the other Supervisors had any problems with the
draft letter for the Actions Conmittee.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had no problem with thanking the committee,
but he felt that one letter written to the Chairman was all that would
be necessary.
Mr. Torrence stated he felt individual members should be sent these
letters.
Mr. Torrence made a motion that a letter be sent to the Actions
Committee, using the list of members presented to us by the Chairman o
the Committee, thanking them for all their work.
The motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to write a letter to
the Chairman of the Actions Committee thanking the Committee for their
work on the Athletic Complex and asking the Chairman to see that all
members be made aware of this. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence suggested that Mrs. Ferguson compose another letter to thr
Actions Committee since the original draft would not be appropriate.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the draf
letter to Mrs. Ferguson, County Administrator, commending her for a jo
well done. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next brought to the Board’s attention a letter from Mrs.
Karen Phelps in reference to erecting a fence behind dumpsters at the
Oakville School site.
Mr. Moore explained that the wire fence has been extended down past thi
dumpsters. Mr. Moore also stated that he felt planting two rows of
white pines would help alleviate the problem by creating a shield from
site as well as a noise barrier.
Mr. Moore also requested that a light be installed at the Oakville sit
and a short protective fence be placed at the ends of the dump area to
avoid someone falling.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to provide one (1) dusk to dawn light at each of the ten (10)
super sites. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next reminded Mrs. Ferguson to instruct the Solid Waste
Administrator to install fence for protection at dump area, to plant
oOfons a©.©.