274
agricultural research and extension services to the agricultural
community in Southern Virginia since 1972; and
WHEREAS, during that time the property for the Center has been
leased from the U. S. Department of the Army at its Fort Picket
facility; and
WHEREAS, Virginia Tech has an opportunity to acquire title to the
land it currently occupies, through the U. S. Department of Education,
if the Center continues operations for thirty years; and;
WHEREAS, Virginia Tech has has invested more than TWO MILLION and
NO?100 ($2,000,000.00) DOLLARS in the property for improvements in
support of agricultural research for the region; and
WHEREAS, continued research both in tobacco and alternative crops,
as well as initiation of a livestock forage and management program, is
vital to the economic health of Southern Virginia; and
WHEREAS, Virginia Tech has expressed its intent to apply for a
transfer of title to it of the ONE THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED THIRTY (1,130)
acres it currently leases, plus four (4) acres on which a house is
located which could be used for graduate student housing, through the
Department of Education public benefit allowance program;
WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the conveyance of the
property to Virginia Tech would benefit agri-business throughout
Southern Virginia and therefore would have a more widespread benefit to
Southern Virginia, and to the entire Commonwealth of Virginia, than
would any other transfer of the property;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: The Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County, mindful of the importance of the agricultural
industry to the County, does hereby express its encouragement to
Virginia Tech in its pursuit of this public benefit conveyance.
FURTHER RESOLVED: that a certified copy of this resolution shall
be provided to representatives, officials and employees of every
department of agency which will be involved in deciding whether such
conveyance should be made to Virginia Tech, including, although not
exclusively, the U. S. Department of the Army, the U. S. Department of
Education, and the Governor of Virginia, as evidence of the Board’s
formal request that the property sought by Virginia Tech be conveyed
unto it.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that proposals for engineering services at the
landfill have been received and asked the Board’s pleasure in
interviewing these applicants.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Torrence and Mr.
Carwile were appointed to interview applicants, along with County staff