249
discussion the Board requested Mrs. Ferguson ask Mr. Dennis Gragg,
Executive Director of the Central Virginia Piedmont District
Commission, to appear before the Board at the September meeting to
discuss his recommendation.
Mrs. Ferguson next brought up for discussion the matter of erecting No
Trespassing signs at the Community Center. After discussion Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to erect "No Trespassing}
After Hours" signs at the Community Center. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next presented to the Board a petition from residents on|
Lee Street concerning the large pecan tree on County property. The
petition reads as follows:
August 9, 1993
Dear County Board of Supervisors:
We the undersigned would rather leave the large pecan tree on
County property behind Lee Street standing and not cut down. ‘The tree
affords privacy and shade.
Thank you,
Property Owners on Lee Street
Signed by: Steve and Laura Lawson - 111 Lee Street
Merle Lawson - 113 Lee Street
Fred and Mildred Moore - 117 Lee Street
Edith Williams - 119 Lee Street
After discussion Mr. Torrence agreed to Recind his earlier motion to
cut the pecan tree down. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to cut the pecan tree located behind the School Board Office
back. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board next discussed the County real estate reassessment. The
Board requested Mrs. Ferguson ask Mr. Mays, Commissioner of Revenue to
come before the Board in September to go over details of the upcoming
reassessment.
Mr. Jamerson next presented minutes for approval. Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the minutes of the regular
meeting of June 14, 1993 as corrected; the minutes of the June 7 & 8,
1993 Public Hearings and the minutes of May 10, 1993, June 1, 1993,
June 7, 1993, June 8, 1993 and June 21, 1993 Special Meetings and
Budget Work Sessions as_ presented. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile gave a report on the activities of the Community Center
Board. Explained that the Community Center Board is considering
applying for a grant to provide additional recreational activities at)