295
school program and offerings. They are excited about the concept of a workforce
training center.
Ms. Magda Liska, P. O. Box 37, Appomattox, VA: Ms. Liska is speaking on behalf
of AWAG of which she is President. AWAG is a non-profit organization that formed in
2000. In looking at the Community Development Block Grant, they were wondering if it
could in turn solve one of their basic needs, which is, they do not have a building to
serve as the center of their operation and they are frustrated by the fact that there are
many buildings that could be restored, given proper funding. They feel that a lot of the
work they do is connected to the poverty in the community. There are thousands of
animals that are caught, housed and euthanatized each year at the expense of the
County. They feel the need for a resource center, a library on animal training and care
and humane education. They receive hundreds of calls to pick up animals, as well as
the Animal Control Warden, who has more calls than he can handle. AWAG has almost
reached their goal of $160,000 to help with the care and transporting of animals to a
clinic. They would like to apply for funding for a building to suit their needs.
Ms. Jackie Drinkard, 201 Paint Road, Pamplin, Va: Ms. Drinkard is the President
of the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce. The Chamber supports the concept of the
workforce development center. She has been working with Mr. Christie and Mr. Smith
for a while, and feels all the areas involved in the Carver-Price project are vital to our
community. Her number one goal is to help the businesses in the area and the chamber
members to benefit most from this concept. Most of the businesses she has spoken
with are in full support of this workforce development center.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak at this time.
Hearing none, at 6:20 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
oenuel ¢. Cartes
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, February 6, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator