47h
damage. VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented the landfill bond request from Mr.
Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley
made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appropriate $49,973.58 from
the landfill bond account for the month of August, 1994. VOTE: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented petition #94-225 of Virginia Meter Service
and explained that the Planning Commission recommended approval. Mr.
Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve petition
#94-225 of Virginia Meter Service for a Conditional Use Permit to allow
existing building to be used for office for Meter Repair, Sales and
Service. Property is zoned B-1 and is located on Route 460 between
Route 646 and Route 674. VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson brought the matter of Library Board appointments form the
July 5, 1994 meeting. After discussion, the appoints were held until
the September 1994 meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson next asked the Board for an appointment to the S.T.E.P.S
Board of Directors. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile
to appoint Mr. Bobby Ferguson to the S.T.E.P.S. Board of Directors for
a three (3) year term commencing July 1994. VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Chief Deputy Phelps that
Sheriff’s Department Retirees be allowed to purchase their service
revolvers for $1.00.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was requested to research how other
Departments handle this matter and bring back to the September 1994
meeting for review.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Department of Environmental
Quality for comments on the proposed Division Three State Police
Headquarters Building. The Board by consensus, had no problems with
this project.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Alcade & Fay for a
resolution of support for the National Highway System. Mrs. Bealsey
made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to adopt the following
resolution:
DESIGNATION OF A NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM
WHEREAS, the United States House of Representatives has passed
legislation, H.R. 4385, to approve a new National Highway System of
about 159,000 miles, and