620
will have any substantial impact on the tax base of the area. They buy hay because
they have horses. The price of fertilizer and fuel keep going up. Every additional
expense makes it tougher for the farmer. Most of the farmers he knows, work at a
public job, they farm because they love farming. He is not aware of any subsidiaries
that help the farmers. Prices of land will continue to increase, they will not go down.
Please vote this in.
Bob McClenney, 4368 Forest Chapel Road, Pamplin, VA: In following the sales of
agricultural and forest land and it is obvious that most of the land that is sold is sold to
investors and developers, not farmers, he has to agree with Mr. Mays that these rural
lands, at the rate they are going up and the assessment will really put a hurting on the
rural landowners. Much of the development that is taking place is single-wides, double-
wides and small cheap houses that will not have a large tax base and will need a lot
more support from the county. He recommends that we adopt the land use program for
agricultural/forest land and set the rate where we will have the option to apply for this
tax reduction.
Ms. Sarah Carter, Piney Mountain District, Appomattox, VA: She appreciates
the opportunity to speak to the Board and her neighbors about the subject. She sure
hopes that because she lives in the Piney Mountain District, and her Supervisors is
probably not going to be able to vote on this issue, the other Board members will take
into consideration the concerns of his constituents. Her family will not benefit from this.
She has some strong feeling about this, she has been a professional planner in a high
growth locality for the last twelve years. She has worked with this program and has
seen what it has done on the ground. According to a recent newspaper article, this will
not assist in growth management. This is both true and not true. This will not stop
growth in Appomattox County or any other locality. People who want to sell their
property will find a buyer and there will be developers who will buy that property and
sub-divide it and sell lots. This program will not stop this. However, what you will gain
is that those people who want to hold onto their property, who may not be able to do so
if they have to pay the increased taxes, will be able to do so. The property next to her
is in beef cattle and does not produce a lot of money, plus the owner does not even live
there. It does not cost the County anything for this property and they are collecting
taxes. She cannot see him keeping these cattle and this 250 acres, once the price of
taxes get to the max for him. People who have family land want to keep it, how will they
be able to afford it at the rate taxes are increasing. She is very concerned that while
this is a growth management issue from the point of view that it will stop growth, that
we will force growth to happen as we watch people being forced to sell their land
because they cannot afford the taxes year after year, along with the cost of maintaining
the land. Once farm land is lost, it is gone forever.
Ms. Kay Bondurant, 4878 River Ridge Road, Appomattox, VA: She does not
know if this is the answer to our tax problems. She does understand that the Governor
of the State of Virginia is the one who dictates what we can do, as far as taxes are
concerned. She wholehearted agrees with Ms. Carter, and the growth in the county.
We will have to build schools, and it will come. What we have to do is find a way that is
fair in taxing everyone in the County, not just land owners.