664
have. Mr. Jordan said that he felt the opposition had been misled. Mr. Jordan continued
that he did not feel that what Mr. Moore was doing would be a problem for anyone. He
asked the Board to grant Mr. Moore’s request.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Thomas Booth came forward and gave his address as Route 800, Concord, Virginia.
Mr. Booth began that he did not want this facility in his neighborhood. Mr. Booth asked
the Board to please look at the pictures carefully. Mr. Booth stated in closing that if this
was what Mr. Moore was going to do on this property then he was concerned.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Wayne Phelps came forward and stated that he was a businessman in Appomattox
County. Mr. Phelps continued that he had been studying this subject for awhile. Mr.
Phelps continued that the one thing that we could not do in this County was let the retired
people run the small businesses. Mr. Phelps turned and addressed the audience and stated
that if you want to control your neighbors you have to be ready to buy. Mr. Phelps stated
that he had some problems with this himself. Mr. Phelps again stated that you couldn’t
let retired people run this County. Mr. Phelps continued that he was a small businessman
and that he had run into this same problem. He continued that if you keep putting up
with this then they would shut down everything that we have. Mr. Phelps stated that he
suggests to the Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors that Mr. Moore be
granted a Conditional Use Permit to park his trailers. Mr. Phelps stated that he felt this
was the only fair thing to do. Mr. Phelps stated that when you were talking about
agriculture property Holly Farms could move in on this property and buy this land.
Mr. Carter addressed Mr. Phelps and asked him to address his comments to the Board
and the Planning Commission instead of the audience.
Mr. Phelps stated that he was addressing both at one time. He continued that then what
were you going to have a turkey farm? Mr. Phelps said in closing that he felt that a
conditional use for trailers and trailers only would be the way to go.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-374 of Walter W. Davenport to rezone property
from R-1 to A-1. Property is tax map no. 88-6-J and is located on Route 727 between
Route 644 and Route 604.
Mr. Carter called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Davenport came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 487, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Davenport began that he was originally from Cumberland County and that