255
After discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate up to$50,000.00, as needed, to help Pamplin Town Council meet their cash flow need with the TEA 21grant process, and give the County Administrator the authority to manage this as necessary. VOTE:Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Mitchell and called Mrs. Gloria Richardson to appear beforethe Board.
Mrs. Richardson stated she had requested the Board to allow an exception to the subdivisionordinance to allow her to cut off one acre from a six acre parcel to give to her son.
Mr. Carter stated he felt that the action the Board of Supervisors took in 1996, in allowing anexception when the Richardson purchased this property, could be repeated in this situation for the
same reasons.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to over-rule the agents decision and approvethe division of a parcel of land from Kenneth and Gloria Richardson, to their son without meetingthe requirements of the sub-division ordinance for the following reasons:
1). Family division (son)
2). Not in conflict with the general meaning and purpose of the ordinance, and3): It’s located in a rural section of the County.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
aye.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mrs. Richardson and called Mr. Fred Jones to appear before theBoard.
Mr. Jones began that his reason for coming before the Board was to ask that the stipulation imposedon his petition #99-406 by the Planning Commission be removed. Mr. Jones stated he did not feelthis was fair and asked the Board to approve this petition.
After some discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve petition #99-406 of Fred H. Jones to rezone property from A-1 to B-1 with conditional use for warehouses.Property is Tax Map #64-A-95,97 & 98 and is located on Route 24 between Route 656 and the 460by-pass, with the stipulation that Mr. Jones plant one row of pines as a vegetative barrier to helpmuffle noises from his operation. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Jones.
Mr. Kendrick addressed the Chair and asked ifhe would be out of order ifhe made a proposal at this