253
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation after which everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There was one item to be added: 17A - Job Description for Grant Writer
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern
to the citizen.
No one wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 - 2)
1. Calendar for 2006: The 2006 Meeting Calendar has been prepared for your
approval. Included are joint meetings with the Town Council and the School
Board. Also two (2) Regional Dinners have been placed on the calendar.
Mr. Carter stated that there may be only one Regional Dinner for the next calendar year.
There was one change to be made in the schedule — Organizational Meeting changed
from Monday, January 9, 2006 to Tuesday, January 3, 1006. If a Board meeting is
canceled due to inclement weather, the meeting will be held on the following Monday,
unless a holiday, in which case the meeting would be held on the following Tuesday.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the Board’s Meeting
calendar for 2006 with the change from Monday, January 9 to Tuesday, January 3 as
noted. VOTE: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes - 2
absent)
2. Use of County Seal: The American Legion has asked permission to place the
County Seal on one of the monuments in the Wall of Honor.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to allow the American Legion the use
of the County Seal one of the monuments in the Wall of Honor. VOTE: Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes — 2 absent)
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3 — 7)
3. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND TRANSFERS:
4. Courthouse Maintenance: Please transfer by consent and appropriate
$3,114.99 to the Courthouse Maintenance Line in the General Properties budget
to purchase a metal detector for the Courthouse.