685
important for them to have use of the front wing because without it, they will not have
enough room to complete the museum they have in mind. This museum will be of great
important to the County.
At 6:58 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess in order to conduct the Joint Public Hearing
with the Appomattox County Planning Commission.
At 7:13 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the regular session of the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter called for the next item on the Agenda:
Electoral Board: The members of the Electoral Board have requested a time on the
agenda to present you with a contract of new voting machines. The Electoral Board has
been working for months to find the machine that will best serve the needs of
Appomattox County and have finally selected the machine they feel is right for the
County.
Mr. Fred Underwood stated that the jurisdictions need to agree to the fact that they will
be used in that jurisdiction. Federal money is reserved for these machines and is
available at least until January 2006. They looked at various machines and have
decided the WinVOTE machine best fits Appomattox County's needs. This machine is
available for the Board to view at the Registrar's Office.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the contract to
purchase the WinVOTE voting machines by the Electoral Board. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Members of the Community Park Committee: Request for Proposals have been
sent out and bids received for the construction of the tee-ball fields, soccer and baseball
parking lots. Two bids were received: Pearson Construction Inc. - $193,721.00 and D.
S. Nash Construction Co. - $215,000.00.
Ms. Anne Dixon and Mr. Gary Gilliam were present and Ms. Dixon passed out a print-out
of the donations received and the expenditure sheets. Everything that has been built at
the Community Park has been paid for by cash.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the bid of Pearson
Construction, Inc. in the amount of $193,271.00 for the construction of the tee-ball
fields, soccer and baseball parking lots. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
E-911 Emergency Response Call Center Project: Proposal has been received from
Wiley & Wilson for architectural services for the E-911 Call Center. Only one proposal
was received. The Board also received status information of the E-911 project as well
as a time line and cost associated with the Schematic Phase of the Project. Time line
will have to be adjusted due to the Board meeting only once during the month of
December, 2004.