295
Mr. Jamerson presented a request from VFW Post 9855 to waive the fee
for use of the Community Center. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Mrs. Beasley to stay with the present policy. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
The next item on the agenda for consideration was the exemption of
D.A.V.’s, P.O.W.’s and M.I.A.’s of certain county fees.
Mr. Carwile addressed this issue and stated that there are possibly one
(1) or two (2) families in the county who have family members who are
M.I.A.’s "Reference to the D.A.V.’s and P.O.W.’s and M.I.A.’s that I
brought to the Board several months ago, I felt like the County was
long overdue in recognizing these veterans in our County and it seems
like that Aileen hasn’t been able to get an exact count, that was
before I received the information tonight, I would like to ask the
Board to support me, for record in a modest way, in recognizing these
veterans that qualify and display, on their license plates D.A.V. or
P.O.W. and to give the mother or father of a M.I.A. veteran a free
Appomattox County decal.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mr. Carwile was making his statements in the form
of a motion. Mr. Carwile indicated that he was. Mr. Torrence seconded
the motion.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile amended his motion to D.A.V.’s and
P.O.W.’s only. Mr. Torrence seconded the amended motion. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented a joint grant application with the counties of
Amelia, Buckingham, Cumberland, Dinwiddie, Nottoway and Prince Edward
and the City of Petersburg to advertise promoting the historic and
natural resources along the Route of Lee’s Retreat. After discussion
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to participate in
the grant applications with matching funds of $2,000.00. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next presented a request from Mayor Spiggle that the
County pass a resolution to celebrate Halloween on Saturday, October
30, 1993. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the
Board adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes
that Halloween falls on Sunday, October 31, 1993, and
WHEREAS, in order to serve the public interest and ensure public
safety and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has taken into consideration what is
in the best interest of the school children in the County,
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox