641
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that he would like to know the status of the situation with Mr.
Bobby Moore. Mr. Bosiger continued that he had received a call from a neighbor of Mr.
Moore’s and that they said that Mr. Moore was not moving the trailers and that he was
storing chicken litter on the property.
Mr. Lawson answered that he had spoken with Mr. Moore’s attorney and told him that
they could leave the trailers on the property until Monday night, March 15, 1999 when
the public hearing would be held on his rezoning request.
Mr. Moore explained that Mr. Moore had withdrawn his request Monday night at the
urging of the Planning Commission.
Mr. Lawson wanted to know if the Board wanted him to contact Mr. Moore’s attorney
and have him tell Mr. Moore to move everything until this matter could be settled?
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Lawson would
contact Mr. Moore’s attorney and instruct Mr. Moore to move the trailers off the property
within three days.
Mr. Bosiger called for any other business.
Mr. Torrence stated that he hoped the Board would make a decision on the Courthouse at
the April meeting and consider some options for the museum and some consideration be
given to landscaping for Courtland field.
Mr. Moore asked what would be wrong with the museum being moved to the Visitor’s
Center? Mr. Moore stated that he felt that was where the museum should be.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like each Board member to respond as to the comments
that they are receiving reference the Courthouse.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would start off that the comments he received were for new.
He continued that he would say that the ones that he was getting this from were the
members of the Historical Society.
Mr. Torrence stated that he spoke with various business people that had signed Mr.
Phelps’ petitions that told him to scratch their names because they did not understand the
facts when they signed the petition. Mr. Torrence stated that he had not had but one
person to say they wanted to build new and that person was with the Historic Society.
Mr. Bosiger stated that 99% of the people who spoke with him wanted to renovate and
keep the cost as low as possible.