536
Agreement and the Ground Lease, which is to be acknowledged and consented to by the
County;
e. a Limited Offering Memorandum for the offering and sale of the Bonds;
f. Specimen Bonds; and
g. A Bond Assignment Agreement between Davenport and SunTrust Bank.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the County
of Appomattox, Virginia:
. All costs and expenses in connection with the refunding of the Outstanding Bonds, the
undertaking of the acquisition, construction, equipping and furnishing of the Project and the
issuance of the Bonds including the Authority’s expenses, the fees and expenses of the
County, and the fees and expenses of Bond Counsel and Davenport and other fees and
expenses related thereto, for the sale of the Bonds, shall be paid from the proceeds there from
or other funds of the County. If for any reason the Bonds are not issued, it is understood that
all such expenses shall be paid by the County and that the Authority shall have no
responsibility therefore.
. The Board of Supervisors hereby instructs Davenport and Bond Counsel to take all such
action as necessary or appropriate to conclude the purchase of the Bonds by Davenport.
. The Board of Supervisors hereby instructs the Bond Counsel to take all such action as
necessary or appropriate to conclude the financing with Davenport as set forth in the Bond
Purchase Agreement by the issuance of the Bonds of the Authority.
. The following plan for financing the costs of the refunding of the Outstanding Bonds and the
costs of the Project is approved. The Authority shall use the proceeds from the issuance of
the 2009A Bond to finance on behalf of the County, the refunding of the Outstanding Bonds
and shall use the proceeds from the issuance of the 2009B Bond to finance on behalf of the
County, the acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Project, to lease the
Leased Property from the County for a lease term of approximately 30 years and to lease the
Leased Property to the County for a lease term not less than the term of the 2009B Bond at a
rent sufficient to pay when due the interest and principal on the Bonds. The obligation of the
Authority to pay principal and interest on the Bonds will be limited to rent payments received
from the County under the Lease Agreement. The obligation of the County to pay rent under
the Lease Agreement will be subject to the Board of Supervisors of the County making
annual appropriations for such purpose. The Board of Supervisors on behalf of the County
has adopted this resolution as its moral obligation to the repayment of the Bonds. The Bonds
will be secured by an assignment of rents to the bondholder as the holder thereof. If the
Board of Supervisors exercises its right not to appropriate money for rent payments, the
bondholder may terminate the Lease Agreement or otherwise exclude the County from
possession of the Project, subject to judicial authority. The issuance of the Bonds on the
terms set forth in the Bond Purchase Agreement is hereby approved.