232
Mr. Moore then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer, to appear before the
Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by explaining that she only had a couple of small items that needed the
Boards attention. Ms. Lindsay explained that the first item was in the Boards Additional Items
for Consideration, and that it was a resolution assuring VDOT that the necessary right-of-way has
been obtained, and the Board guarantees all right-of-way necessary for the construction and
maintenance operation for the industrial access bond road project.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the Industrial Development
Authority of Appomattox County are working to develop the Appomattox County Industrial
Park, and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has entered into an agreement with the Virginia
Department of Transportation to provide road upgrades and access by means of the Industrial
Access Bonded Road project and
WHEREAS, all the necessary right-of-ways have been obtained by either the Industrial
Development Authority or the Board of Supervisors.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
do hereby guarantee all right-of ways necessary for the construction, maintenance, and operation
of the industrial access bonded road project as set forth in Project # 0751-006-206, N501 and
plats of said right-of-ways are filed in the Clerk’s Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox
County , Virginia, in Plat Cabinet 1, Slide 31H and Plat Cabinet __, Slide
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Ms. Lindsay then informed the Board that the downtown enhancement project has started. Ms.
Lindsay explained that the funds for this project do not come from the County’s allocation. Ms.
Lindsay informed the Board that the traffic pattern on Main Street would be one-way from now
on.
Ms. Lindsay then reminded the Board of the preallocation hearing scheduled for March 29, 2000
and explained that it would be held at the Ramada Inn on the Expressway.
Ms. Lindsay then explained that she had checked on the problem at the Super 8 Motel and they
have found that the problem is not on VDOT right-of-way and she is not sure if Super 8 will
move the rose bush or not but they have said that they will.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone had concerns for Ms. Lindsay?
Hearing none, Mr. Moore thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Hugh Dolan to come before the Board.