281
5- That the County and Town jointly pursue additional grant funds.
6- Leave out bullet number six from the above mentioned letter.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels that this is what our proposal should consist of.
Mr. Paul Harvey, Town Mayor Elect, stated that if the Board could come back with a
concrete proposal the Town may be able to get a vote of 4-2 before July 1",
Mr. Carter questioned if the Board did a Memorandum of Understanding, would it be
binding.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would not want it done any other way.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he understood the Boards desire to get this done as soon as
possible but the Board is talking about pages and pages of agreement documents which
would take time. Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board could take a consensus and
everyone could vote on it, but by the time the agreement is done it would have to be
presented to the new Council.
There was lengthy discussion addressing the revenue flow. If the County gets the
revenue who will bill our customers? If water goes through the master meter it will
continue to be billed to the Town.
Mr. Craft questioned Ms. Ferguson as to whether she understands what the Board is
proposing for her to draft in letter form, and then have some Board members review
before the Town meeting on Tuesday night.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she has a clear understanding of most, but wanted to know if
Mr. Overstreet understands the statements needing to be made on the out of Town
customer water rates.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he was not sure if the Board wanted to address this at this stage
and if you did, you may want to state that the Board is sensitive to the fact that there is a
discremency in these rates and it needs to be considered in the agreement.
Chairman Craft called for further water line discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that the letter has to be given in time to be put on the Town’s agenda for
their Tuesday night meeting.
Mr. Earl Dickerson suggested that the Board present the letter to the Town at their
meeting.
Chairman Craft stated that Mr. Carter would be going to the Town Council meeting
representing the Board on Tuesday night.