103
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Carwile was
appointed to serve on the audit selection committee.
Mr. Paulette next asked Mr. Brian Wishneff to appear before the Board
and present his draft economic development document to the Board.
Mr. Wishneff began by explaining the reason he was hired was to look at
the possibilities, cost, etc. of developing an industrial development
site. Mr. Wishneff continued by giving a lengthy briefing on his
findings.
After Mr. Wishneff’s presentation, Mr. Paulette called for an executive
session to discuss site specific information gathered by Mr. Wishneff.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 9:45 p.m. seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter
into executive session. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 11:30 p.m., Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following
resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that if anyone had questions or comments after
reviewing Mr. Wishneff’s draft document, to have Mrs. Ferguson contact
Mr. Wishneff.
At 11:25 p.m., being nothing further, Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to recess until 9:00 p.m. May 11, 1996 at the
Community Center. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, eye
Libisapoe
hair