84
Circuit Court.
Mr. Carter called for comments. Hearing none, he read the next proposed ordinance.
Chapter 147 Taxation Article XVIII ยง65 Assessment of Jail Processing Fee: Impose fee of
twenty-five ($25.00) upon any individual admitted to the Appomattox County Jail following
conviction.
Mr. Carter called for comments. Hearing none, he read the last proposed ordinance.
Chapter 162 Vehicles and Traffic Article I ยง5: Increase fine to fifty dollars ($50.00) for
conviction of parking in restricted areas.
Mr. Carter called for comments.
Mr. John Wilson, Church Street, Appomattox, VA came forward. What is the definition of
restricted areas? Does this include No Parking zones? Also who would enforce the ordinance?
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Carter declared the Public Hearing closed at 6:44 p.m.
Mr. Carter stated the need for a closed session in accordance with ยง2.2-3711.A.7 of the Code of
Virginia to discuss legal matters concerning Courthouse litigation and contract with Country
Haven Estates.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session to discuss legal
matters, namely, Courthouse Litigation and Contract with Country Haven Estates in accordance
with ยง2.2-3711.A.7 of the Code ofVirginia.
Mr. Ron Brown and Mr. Marvin Hamlette, members of the press, stated their objection on the
record to entering closed sessions for discussion of Courthouse litigation.
At 6:45 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion for the Board to enter into closed session.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
At 8:24 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following Certifying Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711.A.7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a legal matter.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the