548
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the County
purchase, for future County use, 1.86 acres of property located on
Court Street, in the Town of Appomattox, across from the Memorial
United Methodist Church, adjacent to the School Board Administration
Office, for $100,000.00 payable over a four (4) year term, with an
interest rate of 6%, with the first payment being made January 15,
1995, with supplement payments being made on January 15, of the
following years. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adjourn until
January 9, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the Jury Room of the Courthouse. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye. /)
rmanChai
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on January 9, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present:
Mr. Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District