arch
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
November 16, 1998 at 8:16 P.M. following the public hearing, in the Courthouse,
Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District(Planning Commission Meeting)
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order and explained the first item for discussion was
the Town/County Sewer Agreement.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carroll to present any new information for the Board’s review.
Mr. Carroll explained that the committee was continuing to review the various options
but at this point it appeared the best option was going to be to purchase the needed
capacity from the Town of Appomattox. Mr. Carroll explained that he hoped to have
information for the Board to review by December 3, 1998. Mr. Carroll continued that the
Town needed a definite response from the County by their meeting on December 14,
1998.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Carroll for his update and turned to the next item on the agenda,
the recreation complex. Mr. Bosiger explained that the Board may wish to have Mrs.
Dixon meet with the Sports Complex Committee to have them proceed with fund raising
efforts for the new complex.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for Mrs. Dixon to meet
with the Sports Complex Committee and have them begin their fund raising efforts.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Bible Baptist Church would like to use the Courtland
Field for their live nativity scene on December 6, 1998.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow Bible
Baptist Church to use the Courtland Field on December 6, 1998 for their live nativity
scene as long as they carried the proper insurance. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several supplemental appropriation requests.