020
to be submitted in September and selection of recipients is
scheduled for November. Mrs. Nix further explained she had
talked to a bank account the possibility of a loan to be used
as interim financing and had received favorable response.
A general discussion followed. Mayor Spiggle questioned who
would be responsible for maintenance, the need to change
direction at this late stage, and the status of other current
occupants at the Depot. Mrs. Nix stressed the importance of
developing the tourism industry. Mr. Jamerson noted this
project had been discussed and planned for twenty (20) years
and until recently little had been accomplished. He also
questioned the wisdom of changing directions at this late
date. Further, Mr. Jamerson stated his support of the
Chamber in asking for Grant money and of the Chamber’s fund
raising activities.
Mr. Carwile also stated his support of the Chamber’s and
Town’s effort to promote tourism.
After continued discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to support the Chamber’s efforts to
obtain Grant money for the further development of the
Downtown area of Appomattox Town and/or to promote tourism in
Appomattox.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 8:50 P.M. seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to adjourn.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley; aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye./{
The regularly scheduled monthly meetingof the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting
Room, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, August
10, 1992 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
p.m. The invocation was given by Mr. Torrence.
Minutes for the meetings of June 29, 1992 and July 13, 1992
and the Public Hearing of July 7, 1992 were presented for