324
been sent his letter from the Economic Development Authority notifying him that he has
been appointed to the EDA.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board would need to make an appointment to Planning
Commission from Falling River District.
The Annual Plan of Work for the Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District for
Fiscal Year 2009 was submitted for information.
Monthly Department Reports was submitted by the following departments:
e Building Official
© Comprehensive Services Act
e Parks, Recreation and Tourism
Having no further discussion on the informational items Chairman Craft called for
Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Tanner provided the Board with information from County Connections regarding the
Virginia Board of Towing and Recovery Operators under Section 46.2-2826 of the Code.
Virginia Board of Towing Recovery Operators is required to establish regulations to
Class A and Class B Operators who provide public safety towing and recovery services.
Mr. Tanner stated that smaller Class B towing operators are concerned if the new safety
tules are too strict they will be placed at significant competitive disadvantage compared
to the larger Class A operators.
Mr. Tanner stated that since residents in rural areas often rely on the smaller operators for
towing services many local governments have a stake in this issue. Mr. Tanner also
stated that being a volunteer he has a stake in this because if local operators do not
qualify, volunteers will have longer hours in traffic waiting for a larger operator and then
you are going to loose volunteers because you will be wasting their time.
Mr. Carter stated that the General Assembly has blocked the effective date until 2010.
Mr. Tanner stated that during the legislative session state police testified that if these new
regulations go into effect, 70% of the towing operators will not be qualified to perform
towing upon the request of local law enforcement agencies.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would be getting more information on this issue and bringing it
back to Board.
Mr. Carter stated that in applying biosolids he feels it is prudent for the County to find
ways to let not only the neighbors know which we currently do, but in letting citizens
know within the County and also potential citizens to the County know the properties that
have received biosolids.