426
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $2000.00 to the
Special Needs Account for Social Services. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore next asked Mr. Carroll to review the two items that he had for Board
approval.
Mr. Carroll explained that our tire processing operating permit required a 9000-gallon
tank be installed to contain run-off from the shredding operation. Mr. Carroll continued
that this had not been done and that we were being sited for this violation during each
inspection by D.E.Q. Mr. Carroll explained the various options open to the Board and
requested guidance on how to proceed with this matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to install a 9000-gallon tank at the
tire processing operation to catch run-off from the shredder. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carroll next explained that he had received a bid for performing storm event, NPDES
and Landfill Leachate Monitoring at the Landfill and wished to discuss this with the
Board.
Mr. Carroll then provided information to the Board concerning these services.
Mr. Carroll answered questions of the Board members.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to hire REI Consultants Inc. to
perform Storm Event, NPDES and Landfill Leachate Monitoring. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
adjourn at 9:07 P.M., until June 15, 1998 after the zoning public hearing. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
g Dax Mf (yo wy ~
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox
County Planning Commission, and the Appomattox County Board of Zoning Appeals
was held on June 15, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: (Board of Supervisors):
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District