208
the School Board for architectural fees relating to the design of a new elementary school for
January and February 2000. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that the Board needed to transfer $40,320.65 from the IDA bond to the
general fund to replace the fire truck payment that was to be paid from the bond fund. Mr. Carter
made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $40,320.65 from the IDA bond fund to
the general fund for the fire truck payment. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that the Law Library was requesting the payment of bills in the amount of
$1,283.01. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $1,283.01 for the
law library bills. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that $25,125.00 should be transferred from the Trigon Employee
Healthcare Fund to pay employee premiums for the remainder of FY2000. Mr. Kendrick made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to transfer $25,125.00 from the Trigon Employee Healthcare
Fund to pay for employees health care premium costs for the remainder of FY 2000. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that information was contained in the board book regarding Governor
Gilmore’s Operation Spruce Up and that Board members should pass this along to any interested
groups in the community. Mr. Carter requested that Mr. Carroll send a copy to the Citizens
Forum as they had expressed an interest in this at its last meeting.
Mr. Moore next asked the Board if it had any questions concerning the letter that Mr. Carroll had
sent Delegate Watkins M. Abbitt, Jr. regarding the County’s concern with pending landfill
legislation. The Board stated that they thought the letter properly addressed the Board’s concerns
on the matter.
Mr. Moore then stated that the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department was requesting that the Board
appropriate $30,000 for the renovation of the old fire house into a community center. Mr.
Kendrick explained that he had spoken with the Pamplin Volunteers and that he felt that the
Board should make the appropriation based on the fact that the County used the building for
voting and that the group had already begun the work. Mr. Kendrick stated that he was not
necessarily asking for a vote tonight, but that he wanted the Board to at least consider the request.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Kendrick what was Pamplin going to use the train station for? Mr. Moore
also stated that he was under the impression that the train station was being renovated into a
community center and that the County had already given the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department
$40,000 this year for the new fire station and he was not aware the Board was going to be asked
for this additional money.
Mr. Kendrick stated that the renovation of the old fire house was to be used primarily by the fire
department and other groups to hold meetings as well as voting. Mr. Carwile stated that it would