308
WHEREAS, the Code of Virginia requires that a Notice of Abandonment be posted in
three (3) locations along the affected road at least 30 days prior t the Resolution ob the
Board abandoning this road; and,
WHEREAS, the Code of Virginia also requires that a Notice ofAbandonment be
published in the newspaper of local circulation at least two (2) times 30 days prior to the
Resolution of the Board abandoning a road; and
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby note receipt of said Petition of Abandonment and agrees to
schedule consideration of said Petition for April 3, 2006, after proper public notification
according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, including notification of the
Commonwealth Transportation Board.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Cost Allocation Plan Audit Proposal: Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates, the
County Auditor’s, have submitted a proposal for preparing the County’s central
services Cost Allocation Plan. The County Attorney has been contacted
concerning this and he feels that the Board should consider this a sole source
proposal and amend our contract with Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates to
include the Cost Allocation Plan.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to deem
this as a sole source proposal and amend our contract with Robinson, Farmer, Cox
Associates to include the preparation of the Cost Allocation Plan. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
3. Proposal for Engineering Services: Hayes, Seay, Mattern and Mattern has
provided a proposal for continued engineering services for the construction
phase of the landfill gas extraction system. The County Attorney has been
contacted and he may want to comment on this proposal.
Mr. Overstreet stated he would like to address a couple of items. There were a few
things in the contract he had talked to Ms. Ferguson about. 1) the multiple factor for
some of the additional work of 1.1 and they have agreed to 1.0, so we did not have to
pay any mark-up; 2) There was also a provision concerning the jurisdiction, if there is
some type of suit, and they wanted Roanoke and the Federal Court in Roanoke. They
have agreed to Federal Court in Lynchburg and Appomattox as the jurisdiction. He is
still having discussions concerning items #7 on page 17, which is the Allocation of Risks.
He is not too keen on the way this was written. It limits some of their liability and he
may be willing to agree to this but he does not like some of the wording. He has spoken
to Mr. Payne with HSMM today and he is getting in touch with their attorney. Actually,
Mr. Overstreet feels he needs to talk with their attorney about this. His suggestion to
the Board is to approve the Contract, subject to his review and approval as this is really
a legal matter in regard to the risks and liabilities.