625
proposed FY96 Budget. Mr. Paulette then explained the procedure for
addressing the Board.
Mr. Paulette explained that a synopsis of the proposed budget was
published in the Appomattox Times Virginian on May 3 & May 10, 1995 and
that copies of a more detailed version have been available for review
at the County Administrator’s Office.
Mr. Paulette then asked if anyone wished to comment on the proposed
FY96 Budget.
Mr. Gordon Staples came forward and gave his address as Evergreen. Mr.
Staples stated that he just wanted the Board of Supervisors to know
that he realizes how difficult their job was and he appreciated all
their dedication.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Staples and asked for other comments.
Hearing none, the public hearing was Sy at ba035P.M.
Mos tewht LD
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on May 22, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board Conference Room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District (late)
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and stated the main
purpose of the meeting was to review information on participation in
the proposed Blue Ridge Regional Jail. Mr. Moore continued by saying
this session was to prepare Board members to make an informed decision
at the June 1995 meeting.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he would like to open by quoting Sir.
Thomas Payne who said, "I may not agree with everything you say, but I
will defend your right to say it". Mr. Carwile continued by saying he
hoped the members of the Board could get the answers to their questions
so they could leave the meeting better informed. Mr. Carwile stated
that he hoped enough information would be provided so that the Board