224
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
DESIGNATE ROUTE 47 AS SCENIC BYWAY
WHEREAS, Section 33.1-62 of the Code of Virginia authorizes the Commonwealth
Transportation Board to designate any highway as a “Virginia byway,” and
WHEREAS, Section 33.1-63 of the Code of Virginia defines a “Virginia byway” as a road having
aesthetic or cultural value, leading to or within areas of historical, natural, or recreational
significance, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has established the following criteria for
roads to be designated as Virginia byways:
1. The route provides important scenic values and experiences.
2. There is a diversity of experiences, as in transition from landscape scene to another.
3. The route links together or provides access to scenic, historic, recreational, cultural,
natural, and archeological elements.
4. The route bypasses major roads or provides opportunity to leave high speed routes for
variety and leisure in motoring.
5. The route allows for additional features that will enhance the motorist’s experience and
improve safety.
6. Landscape control or management along the route is feasible.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors believes that the road proposed herein
of designation as a Virginia byway meet the criteria, and
WHEREAS, it is the sense of the Board that such designation should not limit roadway
Maintenance or improvements by the Virginia Department of Transportation.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
requests that the Commonwealth Transportation Board designate the following state road as a
Virginia byway.
Route 47 from the Prince Edward County Line into Appomattox County ending in Pamplin, Va
on Route 460.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3-13)
3. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Work Session of August 22,
2005; and Regular Meeting of September 6, 2005.
4. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
5. Building Department: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $56.00
to the Building Official’s budget for reimbursement received from a contractor for
the purchase of a code book.