621
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION SUPPORTING FOUNDERS OF AMERICA COMMUNITIES PROGRAM
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the important role that the Commonwealth
of Virginia has played in the founding of the United States, and
Whereas, the Board understands the importance of preserving our rich historical heritage while at the same time
promoting this heritage so that future generations gain appreciation of the struggles of our ancestors, and
Whereas, tourism is an important part of the economy of the Commonwealth of Virginia and Appomattox
County, and
Whereas, the County of Caroline has taken the important initiative to coordinate efforts for the creation of a
promising new tourism program that has the potential to increase tourism and historical preservation throughout
the Commonwealth.
Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors endorses the concept of
creating a Founders of America Communities Program and
Be It Further Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors encourages the Virginia General
Assembly and the Corporation for Virginia Tourism to seriously consider and begin development of the Founders
of Americas Communities Program as a means of promoting tourism and the important role that Virginia played
in the formation of our nation.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, absent; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda (Items 8-14) for approval:
8. Approval of Bills for October 1, 2001: Approval of Bills as presented.
Board Action:
9. Evergreen Ruritan Club Request: The Evergreen Ruritan Club is requesting that the building
permit fees be waived for their addition project. The Board has approved such waivers in the
past.
10. _ Reassessment: The reassessment is nearing completion and Tri-County Appraisers is preparing
to mail out notices and hold meetings with citizens as required to review the values assigned to
property. It will be necessary to hire additional part-time clerical help to assist in proofing the
assessment cards and getting this information entered into the computer system. Mr. Carlson
estimates needing help for approximately 3 to 5 weeks. The Board has budgeted this expense and