467
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda and asked if anyone has anything
they wish to add to tonight’s agenda.
Mr. Carter stated he would like to address Courthouse Change Orders and this will be
added as Item 6 under Administrative Items.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comments:
This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are
of importance or concern to the citizen. Mr. Carter also read the policy adopted by the
Board of Supervisors on September 16, 2002 establishing this portion of the agenda.
(Board Book #20, pages 153-154)
Mr. Carter called the first speaker, Mr. John Mitchell Arrington who resides in the
Stonewall District on Route 750. Mr. Arrington stated he wished to address the rifle
issue. He has been around guns all his life and is trained in the use of high powered
equipment. He is licensed to carry a concealed weapon and continues to take gun
classes. He like guns and believes every citizens should have the right to own and bear
arms. If we ever lose that, we are in trouble. However, he is strongly opposed to the
use of rifles for hunting in Appomattox County. There are three reasons for his
opposition: 1) population density — in his vicinity alone, the residential population has
grown tremendously, not to mention the vehicular traffic; 2) ballistic characteristics of
rifles as opposed to shotguns - the maximum range of a #8 shot in shotgun shells has
a range of 690 feet and the most aggressive, #00 Buckshot 1800 feet. On the other
hand, rifles have a range that exceeds 2 miles. The 30-06 rifle projectile will travel
17,000 feet. He is not as worried about hunting accidents, but rather stray bullets; 3)
the behavior of hunters in the County - On Thanksgiving Day some hunter drove down
the middle of Route 750 with loaded guns - hunting. All this property is posted, so
where were they hunting? This is illegal. Should we also approve the sale of fireworks,
liquor by the drink, topless bars, legal prostitution and other things, just because some
other county does. You need to be very careful about looking at what people want and
the impact these wants have on the county. Let’s keep Appomattox County safe and
not have the use of rifles for hunting purposes.
Ms. Ellen Jamerson of Route 727, Appomattox, Va. was the next to address the Board.
She, too, is opposed to the use of high powered rifles for hunting in the County. Why
have you, as Supervisors, chosen to make this a matter of discussion, especially so early
in your term of office when there are so many more pressing issues that need your
attention. She doesn’t remember anyone campaigning openly on this issue. Long range
rifles are more hazardous in flat, hilly terrain than in mountainous areas and previously
most areas east of the Blue Ridge Mountains banned these rifles. The demographics of
these counties has not changed to make this type of hunting safer, it is quite the
opposite with denser population and more cleared land. If rifle hunting has recently
been allowed it is because their governing bodies have made unwise decisions and the
citizens did not organize to protect their rights against those of the hunters. She feels
that the majority of the hunters in Appomattox County are safe hunters. After the 1998
regulation requiring hunters to wear blaze orange, the number of accidents has
decreased tremendously. She does not have any trouble with adults but she does have