494
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley t
appoint Mrs. Carolyn Lawson to serve on the S.T.E.P.S. Board of
Directors. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Next, Mrs. Ferguson presented letters from the Central Virginia Area
Agency on Aging for appointments to the Advisory Council.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to reappoint Mr. V
O. Mims to serve another 3 year term on the Central Virginia Area
Agency on Aging Advisory Council. The term will be from October 1,
1994 to September 30, 1997. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appoint Mr. Bob
Fenimore to the unexpired term of Mr. John McLean on the Central
Virginia Area Agency Advisory Council. The term expires September 30,
1996. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a letter from Ms. Jeanene M. Allen complaining
about the present County decal policy.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, asked Mrs. Ferguson to write
Ms. Allen and send her a copy of the County Code Section 162-16 which
explains the policy.
Mrs. Ferguson presented an application for a permit from Cross Country
Hunt Club to hold turkey shoots.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve Cross
Country Hunt Clubs permit to hold turkey shoots from September 10 -
November 26, 1994, and waive the bond requirement fee. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye
Mrs. Ferguson also presented an application from Stonewall Vineyards,
Inc. for a permit to hold their annual "Jazz on the Lawn".
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the
permit for Stonewall Vineyards, Inc. to hold their annual "Jazz on the
Lawn" and waive the bond requirement fee. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the next item for consideration which was the
renewal of Central District Extension Office lease.
After review, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to
renew the lease with Central District Extension Office for a term of
one year beginning November 1, 1994. Vote: Mr. Moore aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
The Board of Supervisors next reviewed a request from the honorable
Gary A. Condit to adopt a resolution supporting "no money, no mandates
and a resolution of support for discharge petition number 25.