346
Mr. Moore then explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 -
legal issues and Code Section 2.1344(A)1 - personnel matter.
At 9:25 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 10:55 p.m. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2,1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only
such executive matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore called for actions from the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to hire Mrs. Phyllis Smith in a temporary
capacity to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Ms. Amy Poole, at a rate of $10.00 per hour,
four (4) days per week, 8 hours per day. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Ms. Alice Rochefeller as Assistant
Landfill Supervisor at a salary of $18,000 per year with a satisfactory performance evaluation within
one (1) year. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Sands, Anderson, Marks and Miller
as Interim County Attorneys. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.