096
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:15 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for action from the executive session.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize the County Attorney to
sign a consent degree on behalf of the County with Mr. Charles Bub. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business at 9:17 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carter to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
lacSk Coase
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHATRMAN
A special called meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
September 13, 1999 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District