514
Hearing none, Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
W. E. Baldwin, of Rt. 2, Box 728, stated as long as Mr. Goodman buys the property he has no
objections.
Mrs. Baldwin, of Rt. 2, Box 728, stated she has not objection as long as Mr. Goodman buys the
property.
Mr. Carter then called for the next petition to be read.
01-465 - Thomas R. Nolen: Re-zone property from A-1 to R-1 per §170-8 of the Appomattox
County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 613 between Route 703 and Route 661, Tax
Map #49(A)53A and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Thomas Nolen of Route 5, Box 380, Appomattox stated he wished to subdivide this property
into building lots for residential dwellings with the R-1 designation.
There was no one wishing to speak in favor of this petition, so Mr. Carter asked for comments
against said petition.
Evans Thomas, of Route 4, Box 724, Appomattox, stated he had a practical problem as well as a
philosophical problem with this re-zoning. The practical problem is it is basically in my back-yard.
It is far down the Police Tower Road but it is still A-1 zoning around it. If this is approved you have
R-1 part of the way down the road, then A-1 part of the way and then R-1 again. The philosophical
problem is that it doesn’t constitute a consistent plan on the part of the County or on the part of this
Board. He objects because it is “spot zoning”. This is not consistent with the comprehensive plan
of the County.
Wayne Phelps, who gave his address as P. O. Box 386, Appomattox, stated he was against this
petition. He owns property surrounding this property and is against cutting anything up into one (1)
acre lots. He feels other land owners around this property feel the same as he does. He is against this
petition.
Hearing no other comments on this petition, Mr. Carter asked Mr. Stidham to read the final petition.
01-466 - Terry and Margaret Clark: Conditional Use Permit to place second dwelling on lot per
§170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 605 between
Route 683 and Route 664, Tax Map #9(A)8A, and is zoned A-1.
Ms. Margaret Clark of Route 4, Box 405, Appomattox came forward and stated she felt the Board
and Planning Commission had all the information they needed to act on this petition.
Ms. Del Bryant, stated she was Mrs. Clark’s daughter and she wished to be near her parents, as they
are getting older and she wanted to be near them to help if necessary.