915
would have no input, no vote and that he would abstain from everything related to this
issue.
Mr. Carwile continued that this was truly a conflict of interest.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Carter asked if Mrs. Jones currently had a computer.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she did not.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to hold this matter until
budget discussions.
Mr. Bosiger then presented information from Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Schools
concerning the next phase of roof repairs at the High School and the Ag shop.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to invite
Dr. Krug and the architect to the February 1, 1999 meeting to explain the repairs and go
over the cost related to these repairs.
Mr. Bosiger also explained that Dr. Krug had invited any member of the Board that
wished to attend the Curry Leadership Forum to please let him know by February 1, 1999
and he would make arrangements.
Mr. Torrence explained that he would like to attend this with Dr. Krug.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Tommy Lawson, County Attorney to appear before the
Board and explain his concerns with the recently adopted policy on animal bites.
Mr. Lawson came forward and explained that he had requested a time on the agenda to
discuss a policy change for the Animal Warden that involved picking up dogs that had
bitten people. Mr. Lawson continued that the policy in question was that when a dog had
bitten someone the Animal Control Officer would pick that dog up and hold it at the
pound for the 10 day confinement period. Mr. Lawson explained that in trying to
implement that policy they had found that it does not work in every situation. Mr.
Lawson stated that he had spoken with the Animal Control Officer and Gary Gilliam the
agent for the Health Department and after much discussion and review it was clear that
this policy was not going to work. Mr. Lawson continued that after researching the
ordinance and the Code of Virginia he felt that the previous policy should be rescinded
and that the Animal Control Officer should continue to follow the guidelines set forth in
the Code of Virginia.