225
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present: Mrs. Aileen T. Ferguson, Interim County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, reconvened the meeting and called upon Mr
Jeff Marks, Animal Warden, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Marks began by giving the Board information involving adoption of
the Board that he had requested the Appomattox County Humane Societ
return the keys to the shelter which are in their possession to him
Mr. Marks intends to operate the shelter and adopt the animals himself.
f
animals at the Animal Shelter. Mr. Marks continued by explaining t
|
Mr. Marks requested the Board issue him a handgun for use in the
performance of his duties. After some discussion, the Board direct
Mr. Marks to research this further and to report back to the Board ar
July 12th at the Regular Board meeting.
Mr. Marks next addressed the issue of "Drop Boxes" on the outside ca
the shelter. The Humane Society has a key to these boxes at th
present time. After discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded h
Mr. Torrence to have the Humane Society return the key to the "dro
boxes" to Mr. Marks. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
| an OeOea ee
Being no further business for Mr. Marks, Mr. Jamerson thanked anc
excused him.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up signature authority for checks for someone
to replace Gordon L. Rice. Mrs. Belter, Treasurer, requests offica
notification of appointment for her records. Mr. Carwile made a motior
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Aileen T. Ferguson to sign checks
replacing Gordon L. Rice. This was to be effective retroactive to June
fi, bLoO3s Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Sheriff Richardson to purchase
two (2) chairs for the dispatch room. Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the purchase of two (2) chairs fa
the dispatch room at a cost of $378.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye: and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson brought to the Board’s attention that no money had beer
appropriated in the Community Center FY94 budget to pay personnel t
open and close the Building after regular hours. Mr. Torrence made jz
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $2,000.00 to the
Community Center FY94 budget to pay personnel to open and close the
building after hours. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye: and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson asked the Board to set a date for the Public Hearing for
the Transportation Enhancement Program grant. Mr. Carwile made i
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to schedule a public hearing for July
12, 1993 at 6:45 P.M. in the Board of Supervisors room for the purpose
P
1
aFS<< —-) LS eeWwWWJNNNT