170
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Also Present:
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors,
presiding, called the hearing to order at: 7:30 P.M. Mr. Jamerson
stated the proposed Ordinance was to increase the consumer utility tax
on telephones and electricity from ten (10) percent to 20 percent of
the first fifteen dollars of the monthly bill for residential consumers
and ten (10) percent to 20 percent of the first one hundred dollars of
the monthly bill for commercial consumers. Also, it is purposed to
levy a tax on cable television of 20% of the first $15.00 of the
monthly bill for residential customers and 20 percent of the first
$1000.00 monthly bill for commercial customers.
Mr. Jamerson next explained the procedure to be followed and ask to
hear from anyone caring to comment.
Mr. Claude Moore rose from the audience, identified himself, and stated
he was a small business owner and that the proposed increased utility
tax would cost him nearly $500.00 per year. He felt this was an unfair
burden and he objected to the tax. Further Mr. Moore asked the Board
to seek other revenue sources that did not so burden small businesses
and landowners.
Mr. Richard Wilson spoke next. He noted he and his wife pay $200.00
per month for electricity in his totally electric home and has done so
for ten (10) years. Mr. Wilson also noted he had just recently
obtained cable T.V. service and reckonecl he could do without a
telephone if he had to. Further Mr. Wilson noted the County needed
more industries for jobs because youth of the County had no future.
Mr. Wilson concluded by stating he thought the average income in
Appomattox was about $10,000.00 per year and not everyone is rich.
Nancy Shellett spoke next stating the taxes on her home and business
were high enough and objected to an increase.
Bill Barnes spoke next. He said he worked for GTE and it seemed every
year taxes increase one way or another and asked the Board to find ways
to cut expenses. Mr. Barnes noted old people living on fixed incomes
could only afford cable T.V. for entertainment. Mr. Barnes asked how
much the Sheriff’s department has grown in the past five (5) years.
Beck Hudson spoke next and said she would rather see the sales tax
increased if necessary because she thoughit it was the fairest way to
raise tax money.