278
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels there needs to be some commitment by the Town. He
feels that there are a lot more citizens in the County that will never be able to benefit
from this water line that will be bearing responsibility.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board is aware of the importance of this water line. If the
Town does not agree to go along with the contingencies that have been drawn up by the
Board, then where does this Board stand? What is the next step for the County if the
Town does not agree to this water line?
Mr. Carter stated that the County is in a position that they will have to move forward with
the water line even if the Town will not, even if it means the County will have to pay at
100%.
Chairman Craft read a letter from W.S. Slagle clarifying the comments in the October 26,
2007 letter written by the EDA to the Board concerning the proposed waterline.
Mr. Conrad questioned if the Utility Committee as mentioned would be the Public
Service Authority.
Mr. Carter stated that the utility committee was composed by Town Council.
Mr. Carter stated that he firmly believes that a Public Service Authority will be needed,
but feels it is out of the question at this time.
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels the Board should not react to the letter from the Town
Council and come up with a plan tonight and move forward.
Mr. Carter stated that if the County pays the 100% for the water line the Town can put
forth the Stagg Grant money.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he feels it is an unworkable situation with one local
government owning something and the other with the obligation of maintaining it. Mr.
Overstreet stated that he has worked with some situations like this in the past and when
maintenance money needs to go to other places within the town the money is going to
their Town owned project first then to a County owned project.
Mr. Overstreet also stated that governing bodies are jealous of their prerogatives and it is
pretty common for Public Service Authorities to be funded by local governments beyond
the revenues coming in and in extraordinary circumstances you do not want to close the
door on this.
Mr. Carter stated that the County is not in the water business and does not want to be in
the water business and the Town has the resources and what it takes to operate a water
line and in order to get this through the Board will need to completely omit the Public
Service Authority at this time.