477
17. Information and Referral Center: Quarterly report for the Information and
Referral Center of Central Virginia Problem/Need Inquiries for Appomattox
County
18. School Board Financial Report: Appomattox County Public School’s financial
report for the month of March.
19. Supervisor Concerns: Mr. Carter asked if anyone had anything to discuss
during this period.
Mr. Conrad stated he had a couple of things he wished to discuss. Mr. Bill Allen Burke
has asked to have some lights placed on the Library building to provide light for the
Watkins Abbitt Park. The Library sits below the Park level and he questions just how
effective this arrangement would be. Maybe these lights could be placed on poles.
Mr. Conrad’s next concern regards the Rescue Squad. Business are reluctant to let
employees leave during working hours to answer calls. There has been some talk about
having paid rescue personnel during the day time hours.
Mr. Carter mentioned that this subject will be discussed at a meeting of the Appomattox
Town Council and the Rescue Squad Members on February 19". The Board will receive
feedback from this meeting.
Mr. Craft stated he had contacted Barry Watkins, the Maintenance Supervisor and
toured most of the County's buildings. 99% of these buildings are in need of painting,
with the School Administration building being in terrible shape. The Social Services
Office is in the worse shape. They need doors replaced, windows replaced and painted,
new tiles in the restrooms, new carpet and some door facing replaced.
Mr. Spencer suggested that the Board may wish to address what offices will be moving
once the new courthouse is completed before starting any major renovations projects.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board may want to revisit the proposals for repairs received
some time ago.
Mr. Carter said he wished to comment on the idea Mr. Guild presented at a recent
meeting to have the Re-enactment placed as a rider on the County's insurance policy.
He asked Mr. Spencer to check on this and report back to the Board.
Mr. Carter also asked that Mr. Guild’s request for supplemental funds for the re-
enactment be placed on the agenda for the next meeting.
Mr. Carter next stated that a Closed Session was necessary in accordance with §2.2 —
3711. A 1, of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing personnel matters: 1)
discussion of prospective candidates for employment as County Administrator as well as
Building Official; 2) assignments/ performance of employees.
At 8:30 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to enter into closed
session in accordance with §2.2 — 3711. A 1, of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of