086
Minutes for the joint meeting and public hearing of October
22, 1992 and for the regularly scheduled monthly meeting of
October 19, 1992 were presented for approval, copies having
been transmitted to members of the Board prior to the
meeting.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley it was
resolved to dispense with the reading of the minutes. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any questions, comments,
and/or corrections to any of the minutes. Mr. Carwile noted
the Right-of-Way fence at Mrs. May’s home terminated east of
her property and not west of her property as the minutes
reflect. Hearing no other comments, Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the minutes of the
Public Hearing of October 22, 1992 and those of the regularly
scheduled meeting of October 19, 1992 as corrected. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson then called Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Resident
Engineer Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms. Lindsey
presented the updated Functional Classification map for
Appomattox County and explained its purpose and significance.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt
the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Intermodal Surface Transportation
Efficiency Act (ISTEA) of 1991, Section 1006,
required that the Virginia Department of
Transportation (VDOT) functionally reclassify the
roads and streets in the Commonwealth, by December
31, 1992, based on their current and anticipated
functional usage; and,
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has
previously functionally classified the state
highways in accordance with the guidelines
presented in the"Highway Functional Classification
Manual" (Volume 26, Appendix 12, Highway Planning
Program Manual); and,
WHEREAS, The Virginia Department of Transportation has
updated the functional classification in accordance
with the "Highway Functional Classification Manual"
(Revised, March 1989) and aforementioned ISTEA of
1991,
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED THAT Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors concurs with the "1995 Highway
Functional Classification" for Appomattox County as
updated by the Virginia Department of
Transportation.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,