39]
Chestnut Mountain Drive - Beginning at the intersection of Pine Crest Lane and running
to the Campbell County Line for a distance of 1.09 miles.
(50/50) Estimated Cost - $200,000
6" Street - Beginning at its intersection with Route 750 and running
0.09 miles to a dead end.
(50/50) Estimated Cost — $15,000
Ash Lane - Beginning at the intersection of Route 750 and running
0.15 miles to a dead end.
(50/50) Estimated Cost - $23,000
Pine Crest Lane - Beginning at the intersection of Chestnut Mountain Drive
and running 0.31 mile to a dead end.
(50/50) Estimated Cost - $60,000
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
The next item for consideration was the appointment of a County Attorney. Mr. Carroll has
suggested that the County hire the firm of Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller to serve as the County
Attorney.
There was some discussion as to the expertise and cost of the service.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to hire the firm of Sands, Anderson, Marks
& Miller to serve as the Appomattox County Attorney. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The General Assembly has passed legislation that promotes deregulation of the electric companies.
This legislation requires that the Board change the way it collects its utility tax on electric bills.
By consensus the Board will hold a public hearing on October 16, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. to receive
comments on the deregulation of the electric taxes.
The next item is the Library regarding fees collected. At the August 21, 2000 meeting the Board
decided to place monies collected by the Library in the general fund. Ms. Gibbs is requesting that
the Board reconsider this decision. When the Library expenses were being considered in preparation
for the budget, these monies were taken into consideration and budget expenses were modified
accordingly.
There was lengthy discussion regarding library policy and supplemental appropriations.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to revert back to the former policy regarding
these monies until the next Budget process. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; and Mr. Carter, nay.
Recently we had a zoning case which did not fit within the normal appeal process of the Planning
Commission for Conditional Use or BZA-Variance. Mr. Carroll suggested we contact the County
Attorney to determine if there should be a special exception clause placed in the Zoning Code to