On September 17, 2007 a public hearing was held to amend and readopt the
Appomattox County Land Application of Biosolids Ordinance. No comments
115
were received.
Planning Commission recommended approval.
Recommendation: Staff recommends adopting the revision to the County
Code Chapter 140, Article 6 — Notice and Requirements for Land Application
of Biosolids to be effective immediately.
Mr. Overstreet made a brief comment that we inadvertently put in text “beginning July
1, 2007” and actually should be “October 1, 2007”.
authorization came through with the State Code which we did not take action until
tonight. This correction is in Section F.a.
After a short discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the
following resolution:
AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AND READOPT THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY LAND APPLICATION OF
BIOSOLIDS ORDINANCE BY REVISING CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ORDINANCE TEXT AS
BE IT HEREBY ORDAINED, that the Appomattox County Land Application of Biosolids Ordinance is
DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS
hereby amended and readopted by revising certain provisions of the Ordinance text as described as follows:
Amend Chapter 140, Article 6 Notice & Requirements for Land Application of Biosolids
Add Text:
F. Storage of Sewage Sludge
a The applicant shall store the sewage sludge pursuant to all applicable County, State, and
Federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations. No person shall apply to the State Health
Commissioner or the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality for a permit,
variance, or a permit modification authorizing such storage without first complying with
all requirements adopted pursuant to §32.1-164.5 et seq. and §62.1-44.19:3 et seq., Code
of Virginia, (1950), as amended and such other applicable County, State, and Federal
statutes, ordinances, and regulations as may be adopted from time to time. In particular,
beginning October 1, 2007, no application for a permit or variance to authorize the
storage of sewage sludge in the County shall be complete unless it contains a certification
from the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County that the site for storage of sewage
sludge is consistent with all applicable local ordinances. The Board of Supervisors shall
confirm or deny consistency within thirty (30) days of receiving a request for
certification. If the Board of Supervisors does not so respond, the site shall be deemed
consistent.
Pursuant to the authority of §32.1-164.5 A.1 of the Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended
(Cum. Supp. 2007) and pursuant to the findings set forth in Article 1 of this ordinance,
the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County shall, as part of Chapter 170 — Zoning,
designate and reasonably restrict the storage of sewage sludge in Appomattox County.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision of law, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County shall require a conditional use permit be obtained to begin the storage of sewage
sludge. Storage of sewage sludge may be permitted as a conditional use in an
Agricultural District (A-1), subject to the requirements of §32.1-164.5 et seq. and §62.1-
44.19:3 et seq., Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended and other such applicable County,
State, and Federal statutes, ordinances, and regulations as may be adopted from time to
time.
A conditional use permit shall not be required to begin the storage of sewage sludge on
property in an A-1 zoning district as long as such sewage sludge is being stored (a) solely
for land application on the farm on which the storage facility is located and (b) for a
period no longer than forty-five (45) days.
The July date was when the