388
On Monday, May 22, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Public Hearing on the Proposed FY2007 Budget at the Appomattox County
Community Center located on Park Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRSENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation. Mr. Carter
welcomed everyone present and asked anyone who wished to speak to please approach
the microphone and state their name and address for the record.
Mr. Bobby Waddell, Falling River District, representing the School Board: Mr.
Waddell first thanked the Board for allowing everyone the chance to express their
concerns and thoughts on the proposed budget. Mr. Waddell stated that according to
the Standards & Poors Report put out on a website by the Federal Education Board,
comparing schools in every state, the observation was that when Appomattox Schools
are compared to the State as a whole, our students reading and math efficiency was
well below the average cost per student. This demonstrates the commitment and
dedication of our teachers and school personnel. More and more demands are placed
on school each year as well as on the County Government each year. Funding is
important for the schools to provide such services as the Gifted Program, Alternative
Education, Music, Art, etc.
Mr. Waddell thanked the Board for working with them in providing our students with the
best education possible.
Dr. Walter Krug, School Superintendent: Dr. Krug stated he, too appreciated the
Board working with the School Board on various issues and realizes that the Board is in
a very difficult position. He wanted to mention that when the Board receives the final
school budget there may be a different dollar figure than first anticipated. This is due to
the fact that they have received grants, that do not require local match, probably in
excess of $200,000.00. These monies will be included in the school budget that you will
receive, but the funding the County provides will not change. The total amount of the
budget will be larger than previously established — no new local funding is required. Dr.
Krug thanked the Board and stated he hoped they could continue to work together.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak.
At 6:20 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)