699
Mrs. Renee Martin came forward and gave her address as Route 1, Spout Spring,
Virginia. Mrs. Martin began by thanking the Board of Supervisors for looking at the
schools problems. Mrs. Martin continued that a new school was definitely needed. Mrs.
Martin explained that she had compiled a list of concerns with the present school but Mr.
Smith had listed all of her concerns in his presentation.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Brett Thompson came forward and gave his address as Route 5 Box 252,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Thompson began that he was pleased with the idea of the
new school. He continued that the proposed site was definitely in a beautiful area. Mr.
Thompson stated that it was important for a community to have a good school system.
Mr. Thompson continued that he was concerned with what would be done with the
present building if a new school were relocated elsewhere. Mr. Thompson, in
conclusion, stated that he was however concerned with the increased traffic that the
school would place on Route 691.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Susan Shutt came forward and gave her address as Route 5, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mrs. Shutt began that she was the President of the PTO for next year and that she had
great concerns with the present school. Mrs. Shutt continued that the location of the
parent drop-off was a major concern because children going to and from the playground
area had to cross the parking lot. Mrs. Shutt stated that the present school was extremely
hot and that the office was not located in a central area. Mrs. Shutt thanked the Board for
considering new school construction versus renovation.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Gary Gilliam came forward and gave his address as Route 5, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Gilliam began by asking if a site layout had been done on the Wilbun Site?
Mr. Gilliam was assured that a site layout had been performed on the Wilbun site.
Mr. Gilliam continued that he encouraged the Board to build new although he was
concerned with school bus patterns and the water and sewer to the Bryant site.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Renee Hoffman came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 370,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Hoffman began that she agreed with Mr. Smith on all of the
problems that were noted with the present school. Mrs. Hoffman thanked the committee
and the members of the various Boards for approaching this project in an enlightened
manner. Mrs. Hoffman stated that she could see no reason to renovate the present school.
Mrs. Hoffman continued that she had no problem with taxes being raised as long as she
received value for her money. In conclusion, Mrs. Hoffman stated that perhaps various