198
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock that the minutes be approved as amended.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next asked if there were any questions concerning the bills. Mr. Carter stated that he
had several questions that he would pass along to Mr. Carroll for review. Mr. Carwile also stated
that he had one question and asked that Mr. Carroll look into it and give him an answer. Mr.
Moore asked if there were any other questions concerning the bills. Mr. Carter then made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the bills be approved as submitted with the understanding
that Mr. Carroll would respond to the Board’s questions. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then asked Sandra Lindsay to appear before the Board. Ms. Lindsay stated that the
Primary Road Allocation Hearing would be held on March 29, 2000 at the Lynchburg Ramada
Inn & Conference Center. Ms. Lindsay stated that the pre-allotted time for Appomattox County
to express concerns regarding desired improvements to the primary road system was from 9:30 -
10:30 A.M. Ms. Lindsay stated that she did not know if the Board had any specific requests
regarding the primary road system, but this would be the appropriate forum to state any concerns
on this area.
Ms. Lindsay then stated that she had checked with the maintenance supervisor concerning Mr.
Moore’s complaint about gravel in peoples tires in the Bent Creek area. Ms. Lindsay stated that
the only thing she could do would be to check with the quarry, but that the patching on any hard
surface roads was not causing the problem. Ms. Lindsay further stated that the Board may wish
to contact the Sheriff's Department regarding trucks that may be losing gravel from their loads.
Ms. Lindsay stated that the law required trucks to cover loads of gravel and to have their loads
secure.
Ms. Lindsay also stated that she would like to inform the Board that Mike Crawford had received
a promotion to Assistant Resident Engineer for Chatham and as a result the new Maintenance
Manager for both Appomattox and Campbell County was now Donald Harvey.
Ms. Lindsay stated that she had nothing further for the Board. Mr. Moore asked if any members
had any other questions for Ms. Lindsay. No members had any questions. Mr. Carroll asked Ms.
Lindsay to please explain the letter regarding an appropriation of funds for Country Haven
Estates. Ms. Lindsay stated that Country Haven Estates had asked for a road to be constructed
under the 50/50 program. This program meant that the group would provide half the cost of the
construction and the other half would come from County highway construction funds that reside
with VDOT. Country Haven had been required to provide the costs for half of the constructions
costs based upon engineering estimates. The project had now been completed and had been
some $38,000 under the initial estimates, therefore the $19,328.02 was being returned to County
Haven Estates via the County. Ms. Lindsay stated that this was the procedure when projects of
this nature were constructed under budget.
Ms. Lindsay stated that the Board may want to see if Country Haven Estates was planning to
apply for another project. Mr. Carwile stated that he believed that Country Haven Estates did