26f
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to encumber $42,110
for two (2) police cars and $26,094.00 for paving from FY97 funds.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$18,000.00 from Courthouse Maintenance for the month of July, 1997.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked the other members of the Board to increase
mileage reimbursement for County employees to 27 cents per mile.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to increase mileag
reimbursement as of July 1, 1997 to $0.27 per mile. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked if anyone wished to take a trip to Canada to view a
composting operation in action.
After discussion it was agreed to schedule a trip to Canada to review
the Composting operation.
Mr. Bosiger mentioned the article in the Times-Virginian recognizing
Mrs. Marston, Principal at the Elementary School for her achievements
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Janice Marston, Principal of Appomattox Elementary School ha
been named Virginia’s 1997 Distinguished Principal by the National
Association of Elementary School Principals; and
WHEREAS, Janice Marston, who has been principal at Appomattox
Elementary School for eleven (11) years has shown outstanding
leadership abilities; and
WHEREAS, Janice Marston has shown a commitment to excellence and a
devotion to her co-workers, parents and students;
BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors commends
Mrs. Janice Marston on this outstanding achievement.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moor
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then explained that an executive session was necessary.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 7:43 p.m. to discuss the condition, acquisition
7