570
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Caldwell — Clerk — Planning Commission
Mr. Bosiger called the public hearing to order at 7:00 P.M. stated the purpose of the
hearing was to receive public comment on several zoning petitions. Mr. Bosiger then
explained the procedure for addressing comments to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning Commission, to read the first
petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-357 of Bass & Milton Construction Co. for a
conditional use permit to construct four 2-bedroom apartments on Tax Map Parcel No.
64A6-A-36 located on Lee-Grant Avenue between Route 635 and Dogwood Street.
Property is zoned R-2.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Ken Milton came froward and gave his address as P. O. Box 396, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Milton continued that he was the party requesting the conditional use
permit and that he planned for these units to be kept neat and he hoped to occupy them
with long term renters. Mr. Milton asked that his request be granted.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Audrey Wright came forward and gave her address as 116 Lee-Grant Avenue. Mrs.
Wright stated that she was aware of the need for additional rental property in the County
but she felt that there were too many rental units on Lee-Grant Avenue already. Mrs.
Wright explained that there were well over 200 rental units already available in this area,
which included Dogwood Wood Apartments with over 48 units, many houses that were
available for rental, as well as Lombardy Apartments. Mrs. Wright explained that there
was already an excessive amount of traffic on Lee-Grant Avenue and felt that these
buildings could be placed in another area in order that they did not add to the instability
of the area.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-358 of Lloyd S. Cobbs, Jr. for a special exception
to allow AM Radio Station and construct antenna on Tax Map Parcel No. 64A5(A)191
located on Harrell Street between Oakleigh Avenue and Church Street. Property is zoned
B-1.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.