190
eement of the other
. May 21, 1993.
A public hearing to consider Appomattox County’s proposed 1994 Fisca
Year’s (July 1, 1993 to June 30, 1994) budget was held May 13, 1993 j
the courtroom of the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
The Hearing, having been duly advertised, was called to order at 7:34
P.M. by Vice Chairman Dennis Torrence.
Present:
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Absent:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Also present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Torrence began the hearing by reminding the audience a synopsis of
the proposed budget was published in Appomattox Times and Appomattox
Times Virginian April 28 & May 5, 1993 and that copies of a mors
detailed version had been handed out to those in attendance.
Mr. Torrence continued by explaining the purpose of the hearing and th
procedure to be followed assuring the audience anyone Wishing t
address the issue would have an opportunity to speak and be heard by
the Board of Supervisors tonight before final decisions had been made.
)—(D
Having said this, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the first speaker).
Mrs. Lucille Fillingame residing on Route 618 asked to speak a?
identified herself as the representative of the bus drivers on
Salary Committee established by the School Board. Mrs. Filling
reviewed the Committee’s work and stated she was concerned no advan
degree salary supplement should be awarded School Administrators sin
advanced degrees were and have been for some time a requirement of
position. Mrs. Fillingame also felt pay raises for administrators
should be limited to a 2% increase in FY94 and that there was no ne
for an additional administrative position within the School Board’
staff.
tPA Nh
wv ?Ve
Mrs. Wanda Conner, Route 2 Box 514, spoke next representing
Appomattox County Education Association. Mrs. Conner read
following statement:
VY