Zia
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executivemeeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordancewith the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires acertification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executivemeeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then called on Mrs. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT, Resident Engineer, to appear beforethe Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by explaining that the Board had a copy of a resolution in their book thatshe wished to explain. Ms. Lindsay continued that about a year ago she mentioned to theBoard that she had received a copy of a request that had been made by Norfolk SouthernRailroad for a crossing in Appomattox County be closed. Ms. Lindsay explained that thiswas the eastern crossing located on Route 674 which was improved several years ago byadding gates and flashing lights. Mrs. Lindsay continued that a year or so ago the Boarddiscussed this matter and decided not to close this crossing and she informed the Department
of Transportation of the Board’s wishes. Ms. Lindsay continued that she received a letterback from the Department of Transportation stating that they would not pursue this issue butthey wanted a resolution from the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to adopt the following resolution seconded by Mr. Carter:
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County has become aware of NorfolkSouthern Corporation’s potential interest in having a portion of Rout 674 closed at its eastgrade crossing, DOT 467-996A, of the company’s rail line in the Spout Spring area ofAppomattox County,
WHEREAS, the closure of railroad grade crossings located on the State Secondary RoadSystem are subject to the approval of the Commonwealth Transportation Board pursuant toSection 33.1-145.1 of the Code of Virginia, as amended,
WHEREAS, this grade crossing is protected with flashing lights and gates and hashistorically and continues to provide a safe crossing point of the Norfolk and SouthernRailroad,