287
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda:
2. Contract to Audit Accounts: The Board has received a proposed
contract from Robinson, Farmer, Cox to audit the accounts for the
County for FY03. The contract is for $13,750 which reflects no
increase over the FY02 audit preparation.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to contract with
Robinson, Farmer, Cox to audit the County’s accounts for FY03. VOTE:
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(4 aye votes & 1 absent).
3. Landfill Loader Repairs: The loader at the landfill has blown its
engine and is also in need of repairs to its transmission. These
damages will require extensive repairs or replacement. The
landfill must have a loader and is currently renting a loader to
handle the disposal work.
Mr. Carroll pointed out that the 963 Loader at the landfill is over 10 years
old and has over 9,000 hours on it. The maintenance done by the landfill
crew has helped it do a good job. A lot of the hours of use were done in
the first seven years with the last three years having been less strenuous
due to the balefill system. Several price quotes have been obtained to
either replace new or to replace the components of the engine and
transmission. A new 963 will be over $200,000 and we would have to do
a procurement bid. Staff is recommending that the Board go with a re-
manufactured engine which has all new parts and rework the transmission.
That cost would be $54,500. The turnaround time for this option would be
much quicker than going through the procurement process. These funds
were not budgeted, as we never know when an engine or transmission will
go out. The rental on the loader now being used is $1,300 or $1,400 per
week. We have to have a loader because right now we are fluff-filling the
topo marks to make sure we maximize the disposal in the cell.
Mr. Carwile had a couple of questions, which Ms. Rockefeller provided
the answers.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to recondition the
motor and transmission for the 963 Loader at the Landfill. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent).
4. Landfill Fee Waiver Request: Our Lady of Peace Catholic
Church is requesting Landfill Fee be waived for roofing debris.
The Board has waived this fee for other churches and non-profit
organizations in the past.