458
At 7:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the Public Hearing and read the following statementregarding the purpose of the hearing:
The intent of this ordinance is to establish formal procedures and criteria for naming roads as partof the county’s Enhanced 9-1-1 Program. The ordinance consists of two separate road namingProcesses, one to initially name the county’s roads and another for the ongoing naming andrenaming of roads. In order to initially name roads quickly and efficiently, the followingrestrictions are established by this ordinance:
1, A moratorium is placed on all requests to name or re-name roads outside of the processestablished by this ordinance. Once names have been initially approved, the moratoriumshall be lifted.
2. All public roads and private roads with 3 or more occupied building shall be named.
3: Where feasible, road names already in place in the Towns of Appomattox and Pamplinwill be preserved, as well as streets named by developers or neighborhood committees inthe County.
4. Roads crossing into the County from adjacent jurisdictions will retain the name given bythat jurisdiction, where feasible.
S: Names with historic or geographic value will be preferred as they are descriptive of thetoads and the community through which they pass. Personal or family names will be
avoided to prevent conflicts that can result in harmful delays to the implementation of E-911 by the state mandated deadline of July 1, 2003.
At this time, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will receive comments from thepublic regarding this proposed ordinance. Please note that this public hearing is not theappropriate forum for the suggestion of road names. Forums for these suggestions will beestablished once the road naming ordinance is formally adopted.
Mr. Kendrick asked for anyone wishing to speak to please come forward and give their name andaddress.
Mr. Evans Thomas, of Route 4, Box 227, Appomattox, Va came forward. He has a questionregarding Section 133-3, paragraph E, which are the guidelines for naming and renaming roads.The names we give to these roads describe not only the history or historical places, people,
monuments, but it describes as well, the historic significance of people and/or landmarks. I findthat two of the paragraphs in Section E could use some modification as you go through this priorto approval. The first is sub-paragraph 3, Use one and two syllable names. This will eliminate alot of names, like Rosebower or Martin Luther King. The other one is sub-section 6, avoid theuse of personal or family names, except in the case of local historical figures. Clearly historicalfigures are very important in Appomattox. Just look around this room. I would ask that youamend these two sub-sections to read discourage the use rather than avoid the use of family