932
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Monica Martin came forward and gave her address as 177 Station Lane, Concord,
Virginia. Mrs. Martin began by saying that they all thought a lot of Mr. Bobby Moore.
Mrs. Martin continued that she had a five-month-old and that she had health concerns.
Mrs. Martin continued that another concern that she had was that the road they live on is
very narrow and when she walked her child she did not feel safe with the big trucks
coming in and out. Mrs. Martin continued that she owned a historical landmark, the old
Concord train station and the stationmaster’s home. Mrs. Martin continued that some day
they may want to restore this to its original state and that if the property across from it
was zoned M-1 it may have some effect on their efforts.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. McBride if he would like to have Mr. Moore’s supporters stand
since Mr. Bryant had asked the opposition to stand.
Mr. McBride stated that he would.
Mr. Bill Bickel came forward and gave his address as 106 Acorn Drive, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Bickel began that he was very upset at the statement that Mr. Bryant had
made concerning the Concord Fire Department. Mr. Bickel stated that he felt that Mr.
Bryant was out of line with his comments concerning Mr. Moore’s attachment to the fire
department.
Mr. Bosiger interrupted Mr. Bickel and explained that this could not become a personal
issue and that the Board was only able to address the facts related to the rezoning request.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Caldwell to read the letters that he had received into the
record.
November 14, 1998
Bill:
I am writing to you on behalf of Bobby E. Moore of Concord, Virginia. I’ve known
Bobby for at least 40 years. He is an outstanding citizen of our community, ready to help
anyway he can when called upon individuals or community organizations. He is a long
time member and hard worker of the Concord Volunteer Fire Department, giving much
of his time and talents to help make it what it is.
Bobby would like to have the property he purchased from the Norfolk and Southern
Railroad re-zoned from agricultural to manufacturing. This property is located where the
old wood yard was some years ago.
I would like for the Board to honor Bobby’s request and re-zone the property for
manufacturing. I feel that Bobby will conduct his business on that property as a good
neighbor. He knows he will have to comply with EPA.