098
chemicals added and no real treatment process. The waste product sets
for 90 days and he applies this to the soil twice a year. Mr.
Dickerson then asked Mr. Mike Smithers to comment on the permitting
process and the Health Department’s feelings on what he saw.
Mr. Smithers stated that the volume applied barely wet the soil and
that the local Health Officials in that area seemed pleased with the
operation. Mr. Smithers continued that there was not a lot of testing
required although there were lots of buffer area required between the
fields that had the applied product and other areas.
Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Smithers then answered questions from the members
of the Board. After discussion, Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Dickerson and
Mr. Smithers for the information provided.
Mr. Paulette then called Dot Davidson to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Davidson told the Board that she was coming to them with a request
for a dumpster to be located in Sleepy Hollow Mobile Home Park, to
serve the Appomattox Literacy Intervention Program. Mrs. Davidson
explained that Carolyn Jo Bondurant and Alfred Jones were running this
program in Sleepy Hollow and Dogwood Apartments with great success.
Mrs. Davidson finished by saying she would appreciate any assistance
the Board could give in this regard.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mrs. Davidson and called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would check into activities at a
dwelling on Route 26 to see if zoning requirements were being met.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to check on the abandoned automobile
ordinance to see if it was still being enforced.
Mr. Torrence also expressed concern over an abandoned tire pile located
at Able Tire at Concord.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she understood from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, that D.E.Q. had been notified of this situation.
Mr. Paulette notified the other Board members that Mr. John Caldwell
would be resigning as Economic Development Director and from the Region
2000 Board effective June 30, 1996. Mr. Paulette asked the Board to be
thinking about a replacement.
Mr. Paulette informed the Board that in order to transfer the Pamplin
School Property to the Town of Pamplin a public hearing would have to
be held.
By consensus, the Board set June 3, 1996 at 6:30 p.m. to hold this
hearing.
Mr. Paulette then notified the other Board members that three
applications had been received for the position of Animal Warden.