202
door by allowing high powered rifles to be used in hunting ground hogs. Mr. Parrish again stated
that rifles were used around the edges of the County anyway.
Mr. Peter Demers stated that he lived at Route 2 Box 710, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Demers
continued that there were a lot of respectful hunters in Appomattox County. Mr. Demers stated
that he hunted around Evergreen and they respected the landowners. Mr. Demers stated that he
was in favor of hunting with high powered rifles in the County.
At. 5:57 P.M. Mr. Moore declared the public hearing closed.
Mr. Parrish spoke and said that he had heard a lot of comments on raising children in
Appomattox County opposed to rifle use and he just questioned how the people in Prince
Edward, Charlotte and Campbell raised their children.
Mr. B. G. Richardson spoke and gave his address as Pamplin. Mr. Richardson stated that he was
a landowner and taxpayer in Appomattox County and he felt that he should be able to shoot what
he wanted to on his property. Mr. Richardson continued that he paid a lot of taxes and he felt the
Board should give this consideration.
Mrs. Jamerson stated that she would like to make a point of order that people were instructed to
come to the microphone to speak and that she had complied and that now others were being
allowed to speak from their seats.
Mr. Moore answered that the fact was that time was running out and in an effort to let everyone
speak he had allowed them to speak from their seats.
Lt
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on March 20, 2000
at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Russell H . Moore - Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Darrel Puckett - County Attorney