102
Each driver shall receive educational materials that explain the
requirements of federal law and regulations together with a copy of the
division’s policy and procedures for meeting these requirements.
Each driver shall sign a statement certifying that he/she has received
a copy of the above materials and the division shall maintain this
signed copy.
The division shall notify employees as required by federal law.
Consequences if testing indicated drug or alcohol misuse
If the testing confirms prohibited concentration levels or the presence
of a controlled substance, the employee shall be removed immediately
from safety-sensitive functions in accordance with the federal
regulations. All drivers shall be advised of resources available and
before a driver is re-instated, if at all, the driver shall undergo an
evaluation by a substance abuse professional, comply with any required
rehabilitation and undergo a return-to-duty test with negative urine
sample.
Record retention
The division shall maintain records in compliance with the federal
regulations in a secure location with controlled access. With the
driver’s consent, the division may obtain any of the information
concerning drug and alcohol testing from the driver’s previous
employer. A driver shall be entitled upon written request to obtain
copies of any records pertaining to the driver’s use of alcohol or
controlled substances including information pertaining to alcohol or
drug tests.
Records shall be made available to a subsequent employer upon receipt
of a written request from a driver only as expressly authorized by the
terms of the drivers request.
Test Procedure
The division shall administer controlled substance tests in accordance
with federal laws governing test procedure and testing sites. The
division shall take steps to insure proper training and testing
procedures are provided.
Legal Ref. Omnibus Transportation Employee Testing Act of 1991, U.S.
Code Title 49, Section 2717, Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R.),Title 49, Parts 40, 382, 391(H), 295.
Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, Section 22.1-178
Adopted: May 6, 1996
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained the audit proposals have been submitted and a
Board member needed to be appointed to the selection committee.