421
Mr. Tanner stated that he had looked at the plans submitted by Mr. Snead and feels he has done a
good job and he feels that the Board needs to take some time and review to make a good
decision.
Mr. Carter stated that the Youth Association is looking to construct a building that would be
sufficient to hold a World Series type competition, which could be a project that the community
could gain from. Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Kruschwitz had designed the field for this purpose.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Kruschwitz has looked at the plans and is comfortable with them.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Recreation Committee would like to have a building that will be
reasonable and serviceable and meet the needs of the community, but not going overboard when
you are asking citizens to donate towards this.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she needs guidance from the Board in what manner she should act.
Mr. Craft stated that he feels that the Youth Association visited other sites in communities that
have more money available.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she did not mind contacting the Youth Association to see what their
concems are other than the height of the building and she will then get back with the Board on
their concerns.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this until the next meeting.
Chairman Conrad stated that the next items for discussion are Administrative Item #2A — Well
drilling of other government entities and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that from the first water line committee meeting it was announced that the
Town has more than an adequate supply of water by Mr. Williams. Mr. Carter stated that now
the Town wants to go out and drill for wells in a couple of areas of the County and he feels that it
is contradictory to what has been announced in these joint committee meetings. Mr. Carter
stated that he feels the County needs to come up with a policy on other government agencies
wanting to come into the Counties boundaries and drill for wells when it has been said that they
have an adequate water supply.
Mr. Conrad stated that he agrees with Mr. Carter and this Board has been in favor for a long
while to support this water line and if we agree to allow this drilling we are just prolonging the
waterline.
Mr. Craft stated that he has concern of letting someone go next to a subdivision and drill wells
which in turn will then cause that subdivisions wells to start going dry.
Mr. Overstreet stated that there are some statues on Towns expanding their water lines and
facilities in the County and he will check into this.