602
There are lots of alternatives this program addresses that are all geared to
reducing and controlling local inmate population. The judges would like to have
the full arsenal available to them everywhere they sit and have the same options
available to them in Appomattox County that they have elsewhere. He is
requesting a resolution authorizing Piedmont Court Services to serve the courts
in Appomattox County. There maybe an expense of slightly less than $1,600.00
the first year. They recently instituted an offender fee that can be charged.
There is an agreed division of responsibility amongst the Judges, ASAP, the
program which serves Appomattox and Piedmont Court Services. This should
result in a net increase in referrals.
Mr. Armbrust and Mr. Conrad had questions regarding the program now in place
in the county and those proposed by Mr. Ennis.
Mr. Darryl Puckett, Commonwealth Attorney, stated that when he was
approached with this plan, he had some questions and concerns. Judge Blanton
does not use either of these programs because they deal mostly with felony
cases and those would be under the direct supervision of Probation and Parole.
These judges like to know what type of services are available to them and know
what counties are using which programs. The offender is responsible for the
cost of all counseling services, not the county. They are looking for more
community services for juvenile offenders. Also, we do have limited jail space
and often we have to pay to have prisoners placed in other counties jails. He
feels this is a good program. There is a real problem with the Juvenile &
Domestic Courts. There is no shoplifters alternative program. Community
Service is available. The good thing about this combined program is the ability
to transfer supervision to another locality.
Ms. Allen, with ASAP, stated that they have a Memorandum of Understanding
with Appomattox County and she will abide by this agreement.
Mr. Ennis stated that all DUI cases will go to the VASAP. Only certain offenses
can go to Piedmont Court Services. They cannot accept supervision of speeding
offenses. It has to be an offense which carried a jail sentence. Should this
resolution be adopted, two appointees will be needed to serve on this Board.
After some discussion and a question and answer period the Board by consensus
delayed action on this issue until the August 2, 2004 meeting.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Ennis, Ms. Maxey, Ms. Allen and Mr. Puckett.
Mr. Carter next stated that Ms. Magda Liska and Ms. Dianne Miller of
AWAG have requested to meet with the Board seeking endorsement of a low
cost clinic for spay and neutering dogs and cats in our area.