363
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented petitionRZ08004 of R.C. Stephens to rezone property to use for
residential purposes. The property is located on Phoebe Pond Road (Route 669) (TM# 72-1-
A&B) in the Stonewall District. The property is zoned R-1, Residential. The proposed zoning is
R-2, Residential. The Planning Commission recommended approval.
Chairman Craft called for discussion of the Board.
Mr. Carter asks if there was any opposition during the Planning Commission meeting.
Mr. Roark explained that there was no opposition at the meeting and stated that this request is
very similar to previous rezoning that has occurred in that area and Mr. Stephens plans will be in
harmony with the rest of neighborhood.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve RZ08004 of RC Stephens
For reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, to rezone
2.74 acres on Phoebe Pond Road as submitted. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item#3 — Public Hearing on Zoning Amendments and
called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad asked Mr. Roark if a review of the changes before the public hearing. Mr. Roark
stated that he would review for the Board and also there was a change that had been added since
last month’s Planning Commission meeting. This change would be taking the Planned Unit
Development, which is mentioned in our ordinance, where the zoning classifications are listed.
Technically at the present time this is not a zone so the changes will be making an amendment to
create this as a zone.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to schedule a Public Hearing on October 20, 2008 to receive
comments on the proposed ordinance amendments. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item#4 — Voting Credentials for the VACo
Annual Business Meeting and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to appoint Mr. Conrad as a delegate to the VACo Annual meeting.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.