490
At 6:00 P.M. on March 19, 2001, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regular
monthly meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,
Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: _ Jerry Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile -Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administration
John K. Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick called Ms. Sandra Lindsay - Virginia Department of Transportation to address the
Board. Mr. Don Austin came forward and stated the reason they were here was regarding the
Revenue Sharing Application.
Mr. Carroll stated the Board had a letter requesting $125,000 from the State Revenue Sharing
Program requiring a dollar for dollar match. The projects are: 1) construction of 0.62 mile of
Chestnut Mountain Road in Country Haven Estates with an estimated cost of $96,000. We are
requesting $50,000 and Country Haven Estates would provide the balance; 2) the E-911 street
signage. We are estimating $150,000 total cost for the secondary road signs and the private signs
on the secondary and primary roads. Primary road signs would come out of VDOT Primary Road
Funds. This is probably an inflated figure. This is just a request and we are not obligated to this until
we actually put up our money.
Mr. Austin explained that the money the Country Haven Association puts up will be the match for
this project and the County would not have to match this.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the submittal of the Revenue Sharing
Application for $50,000 for Country Haven Estates and $90,000 for the E911 signage. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Austin asked if there were any road concerns at this time.
Mr. Carter wanted to thank VDOT for the speed limit signs on Route 719.
Mr. Moore stated his appreciation for the clean up work on Route 26.
Mr. Kendrick excused and dismissed Mr. Austin.
Mr. Kendrick next called Ms. Sharon Harrup with S.T.E.P.S to addressed the Board.