377
Chairman Craft next presented Informational Items and called for discussion.
Hearing no comments on the Information Items Chairman Craft called for Supervisors
Concerns.
In the discussion of vandalism of political signs during Supervisor Concerns the
following statements were made:
Mr. Tanner stated: “that I denounce and condemn the folks with the racial slurs and
vandalism of signs whether political or anywhere and I fully support the Sheriff's office
and hope and pray that they can bring them to justice”.
Mr. Carter stated: “I hope the Sheriff’s Department will be able to catch the guilty party”.
Mr. Conrad stated: “I certainly agree with the previous comments on the marking up of
the signs and this should not be tolerated. As long as this is a free country people have
the right to run for president or any other office, if you don’t believe in a person
philosophy, just don’t vote for them, but to go out and desecrate stuff in protest is
certainly unacceptable by any standard”.
Chairman Craft stated: “I agree with everything that has been said andI think it is
deplorable and not what we need in today’s world. If anyone should have any
information concerning this please call the Sheriff's office”.
Mr. Carter commended Ms. Ferguson on the provided landfill article.
Mr. Carter stated that this article is a great report and is self explanatory. He feels that it
answers a lot of unanswered questions that citizens may have.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that T.J. Knight is responsible for doing this article and similar
articles will be in the paper each week. T.J. is going to try to get the articles to her prior
to printing, and she will get the article to all Board members so they will have an
opportunity to review before the paper comes out and can be prepared for any questions
from citizens if there should be any.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she feels Ms. Knight has done a great job on this article and she
will make sure she is given the Board’s praises.
Chairman Craft presented the upcoming meetings.
Next, Mr. Spencer invited the Board to attend an EDA discussion with Economic
Development Allies on October 27" from 5pm — 8pm. Mr. Spencer stated that this would
not be a presentation but a discussion of economy and how it relates to the State and
County.