64
Mr. Carter commented that one of the things he thought about this past week, was the
introduction of Wal-Mart which will have a domino effect on our lives one way or
another. One positive way is that we will grow. It should increase our tax base, but
also create more garbage, so with this, we would be looking at actively pursuing ways
and means to try to keep our landfill open and we know how much it costs to open up a
cell. With the regional concept, it seems to be (1) it is better monetarily to move in that
area and (2) he thinks it will really benefit the whole Region 2000. With that and with
what everyone else has said, it makes good sense to him also.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armburst, to join with the Regional Solid
Waste Authority and have our trash hauled out of the County. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson said that her next move would be to write the Solid Waste Authority
explaining that the Board is interested in participation in the Regional Solid Waste
Authority and ask for guidance as to what our next step should be.
Mr. Conrad requested that we ask them for a response as quickly as possible.
Mr. Carter asked if the Board wished to move forward with closing the sites that were
recommended by Ms. Rockefeller.
Mr. Craft read the following statement on manned sites: “I have been for manning
these sites for a long time, as I have seen how well they work in other counties.
However, under the plan submitted, I cannot support it. It short changes a lot of
citizens in my district as well as a good many in Tom’s district. If we close the Hixburg
site (Route 618), I am confident it would be more convenient for a lot of the people to
use the Route 620 site. I have visited all the sites and I feel the Route 620 location is a
better suited site than at least one other site where space is limited and I think the other
location is a hazardous location as far as vehicles entering and leaving the site.”
“We already have spent a lot of money in the Route 620 site and if we close it down this
will have to be returned back to normal.”
“t have talked with the owner's father on the Route 620 site and he is willing to provide
more land and enter into a long term lease as much as 20 to 25 years. We did not get
into cost. But his last statement was ‘get the papers ready’. I think the rent on this
property would be something we could live with.”
“T again would like to state this would not be treating the people in this area fairly. This
would also put a lot more traffic on the landfill road which is not in the best of shape.”
“It is not the taxpayers of this areas fault that the county does not own any
land that can be used.”