200
Dorinda Grasty
Absent: Stacy Garrett — Wreck Island District
Chairman Craft called the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors meeting to order
and Chairman Williams called the Schoo] Board to order.
Mr. Williams greeted the Board and the public and then turned the meeting over to Dr.
Boone, Superintendent.
Dr. Boone started with the theme for this years budget which is Relationships Matter. Dr.
Boone began with reflecting on some successes from the past few years. Dr. Boone
stated that all Appomattox schools are accredited and have been for four years and have
adequate yearly progress as defined by NCLB. Appomattox Elementary School was
awarded the Distinguished National Title I School for Virginia. Appomattox was one of
twenty two schools in the Commonwealth that met all SOL’s and NCLB requirements
out of 134 school divisions. The Elementary School recently received the Governor’s
Excellent in Achievement Award 2008. Appomattox County Primary School received
the Virginia Index of Performance Excellent Award 2008.
Dr. Boone stated that these successes were achieved by hard work and a dedicated staff.
Dr. Boone also contributes small class size, early intervention programs, curriculum
alignment work, professional development and an on going assessment of student
achievement along with instructional technology for the achieved goals as well.
Dr. Boone next presented the goals for FY09. Dr. Boone stated that he would like to pay
extra attention to programs and services for students that are at- risk and alternative
education, Dr. Boone also would like to see competitive salaries and benefits, Dr. Boone
stated that federal and state program and staffing requirements, support services,
equipment and facilities, public and community relations are in the FY09 goals.
Dr. Boone next presented the FY09 challenges which are leveling student enrollment,
state funds targeted to specific areas and no state funds for teacher raises and how the
economy has affected the expenditures.
Dr. Boone explained the budget is based on a projected enrollment of 2,252.4 students.
There has been a change in the composite index to .2438 which means you have to put in
less money.
The primary areas of emphasis are salaries, at-risk student, dual-enrollment and on-line
opportunities, CIP, vehicles and communications and software. The main goal being to
be able to attract and retain highly qualified personnel.
Dr. Boone explained that some goals for the at-risk students are to reduce drop out rates
and increase student membership, creating a new alternative education for secondary