142
that regardless, nothing warranted public comment as severe as Mr. Carwile made. Mr.
Carter then asked Mr. Carwile to substantiate his comments or withdraw his comments.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Carter and Mr. Torrence and stated that he had prepared a
written response and that he was making his response on his own timetable not on Mr.
Torrence’s. Mr. Carwile continued that at no time did he accuse Mr. Carter or anyone
else of any wrongdoing. Mr. Carwile continued that he had simply voiced concerns that
the community at large had expressed in voicing those concerns. Mr. Carwile stated that
he acted both in good faith and in his representative capacity as a County Supervisor for
the Wreck Island District. Mr. Carwile stated that he owed no apology for fulfilling his
fiduciary duties to his constituents and that he had nothing more to say on the matter.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to reply to Mr. Carwile’s comments. Mr. Carter
stated that according to the November 10" issue of the Times-Virginian it says,
“Carwile’s allegations involved statements he made on October 18", the same day the
Board voted to purchase 60+ acres to build a new elementary school. Carwile voted for
the purchase of Courtland’s 60+ acres he said because Torrence and Supervisor Sammy
Carter covered-up certain details pertaining to this tract of land.” Mr. Carter then asked
Mr. Carwile if the Times-Virginian print was wrong or was what Mr. Carwile just said in
error?
Mr. Carwile stated that he had responded and that he had given his respond and he had
nothing more to say on the matter.
Mr. Carter again asked if the newspaper article was false?
Mr. Carwile stated that he would again tell Mr. Carter that he had read his respond and
had told Mr. Carter that he would have nothing more to say on the matter.
Mr. Carter stated that he was sorry to hear Mr. Carwile say that because he felt the Board
needed to be in unity and had to work together and regardless of what had just been said
we had to continue to go forward. Mr. Carter continued that he felt that an avenue had
been opened up that only Mr. Carwile could close.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt the Board should take a position, as the governing body of
Appomattox County, that the County Board of Supervisors does not have any reason to
believe that there was any wrongdoing by the Elementary School Site Selection
Committee.
Mr. Bosiger called for discussion on his suggestion.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would just like to read a paragraph from a letter written by
Earl Dickerson. Mr. Torrence read, “It appeared to us that others thought information
had not been presented that would have a bearing on the decision as to which site the
County should purchase. We did not withhold any information regarding any aspects of
the development process for any of the sites under consideration. We are very