636
be able to still live at home. They are not a residential facility. They offer services. She
would request that the Board consider putting them in the budget for 2008.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Edwards for coming.
Mr. Carter then called Billy Perrow to discuss the School Budget.
Mr. Perrow stated the staff that is at the top of their salary range will receive a 1%
increase in salary.
Mr. Craft asked about the percentage of salary increase for teachers. He understood it
was to be 1% and then he read in the newspaper it was a 2%.
Ms. Ferguson asked Mr. Perrow to clarify how their salary range works.
Mr. Perrow explained that each group of employees has a salary scale. They are all
developed and followed year after year. All of the scales were developed when they had
a salary study done several years ago. Each one receives an increase each year to the
next step in the range. This is called a “step raise”. Each step is about 2% for non-
classified employees; aides — teachers are based on a dollar value between steps.
Mr. Craft is concerned somewhat that teachers receive a 6%. Six percent of $40,000 is
a whole lot more than 2% or 3% on $15,000, for bus drivers, custodians, or
maintenance people. Without these employees, you would not need teachers.
Mr. Perrow stated that the teachers are the most important of these employees because
they are responsible for teaching our children. When the salary study was done, the
aides were identified as the most under-paid employees and for three (3) years they
received a 15% salary increase to bring them up within a balance with the other
employees. Since that time, in the last two (2) years, once again their salaries were
adjusted because a lot of them were put on a salary whereby they would not lose salary
but they were not put on the top level and get a 100% increase. Most of these
employees were move up the scale according to years of service.
The aides now have a three (3) step scale, depending on the years of experience.
Mr. Conrad asked if the aides had any type of incentive to further their education and
increase their salary.
Mr. Perrow stated there is a “specific” test that an aide can take and if you pass, you
qualify for increased pay. It is based on the level of ability. They do not necessarily
have to attend any type of school.
Mr. Conrad asked the rate of increase mandated by the State.
Answer was 3% starting in December, which equates to less than 3% starting in
September, where most of the teachers begin their new contracts. The State schedule
is the most complicated mess you ever have to deal with. The salary incentive that the