320
Wireless Grant 52,687.80
Courthouse Security 56,932.05
Hearing no discussion on the Consent Agenda Mr. Moore made a motion to approve the Consent
Agenda as submitted. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Moore’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a
roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the County has finished the year with a fund balance of 3.1 million
dollars plus the other designated fund balances which is pretty much where the County has been
staying for the past several years.
Chairman Craft next presented the Information Items.
Mr. Carter stated that he could not see where they were stating they were depositing these
biosolids. Ms. Ferguson stated the list is of tracts and is not necessarily by the owners name, but
listed in the name of who actually applied.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in this agreement with Prince Edward County, Appomattox County is
going to provide them with Erosion and Sediment Control services during the time their
specialist is out on maternity leave. Ms. Ferguson stated that it is the hope that we can continue
helping out even after their specialist returns and then the Erosion and Sediment position would
be funded by three counties.
Chairman Craft next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Tanner stated that he thinks the new audio system is a vast improvement.
Mr. Carter stated that Central Virginia Land Conservancy will be at the Community Center on
August 11". Mr. Carter stated that he wanted to know if persons who have applied for land use
can also apply for this and if so, would the tax payers be getting hit double with land use and
conservation easements.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in conservation easements you actually are getting a break on your
income taxes for federal and state.
Mr. Conrad stated that when you go into a conservation easement your land is tied up and could
not be used for anything other than farm use.
Mr. Craft stated that he had not spoken with anyone in favor of a conservation easement.
Chairman Craft presented the upcoming meetings and then called for other discussion, with no
further discussion; Mr. Carter made a motion to adjourn the meeting at 6:55 p.m. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjourned at 6:55 p.m.