684
Mr. Bosiger explained that petition 99-373 of Bobby Moore had been withdrawn as of
late this afternoon. Mr. Bosiger read a letter from Robert W. Carter, Jr., attorney for Mr.
Moore requesting that Mr. Moore be allowed to withdraw his petition. Mr. Bosiger asked
that since the petition had been withdrawn was the present use of the property in
conformance with the zoning ordinance?
Mr. Carter stated that it was not.
Mr. Bosiger stated that from what he understands the property was presently being used
to process chicken litter. Mr. Bosiger continued that the chicken litter was being brought
in, stored, turned and then hauled out and that this was creating an odor that was
offensive to the neighbors. Mr. Bosiger stated that secondly it was being used to store a
mobile home. Mr. Bosiger asked if this were allowed in A-1.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that mobile homes were allowed in A-1 with the proper permits
being issued.
Mr. Carter read a section from the zoning ordinance pertaining to the storage of the
chicken litter.
Mr. Torrence stated that he was concerned that this was getting to be a problem with Mr.
Moore petitioning the planning commission and then withdrawing his petition just to
petition again.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt that Mr. Moore’s request if granted would be spot zoning.
Mr. Carwile stated that we needed to go to the Comprehensive Plan and check to see
what the plan is for this area and he feels that Mr. Bosiger is right in saying that it would
be spot zoning to change this area to M-1.
Mr. Torrence said that he felt that there should be a rule that you could not apply for the
same thing but once in order to cut down on unrest in the community.
Mr. Lawson referred to a letter that he had written to Mr. Moore on March 23" in regards
to the trailers on the property and the chicken litter being stored on the property.
Mr. Carwile asked if he could ask if there were a length of time that the chicken litter
could be left on the property before it had to be moved?
Mr. Bosiger answered that according to the ordinance it could not be stored at all.
Mr. Carwile asked if there had been any complaints from the citizens in the area with
reference to this particular issue?
Mr. Bosiger and Mr. Carter stated that there had been complaints concerning the chicken
litter as late as today.