546
several rows of white pines at the Oakville site for barrier and also
install one (1) dusk to dawn light at each super site.
Mr. Paulette reminded Mrs. Ferguson to write Mrs. Phelps and explain
Board action concerning her request.
The next item on the agenda was a request for a resolution of support
for proposed legislation which would enable authorities to contract
with other authorities so that all Virginia localities can maximize the
alternatives to meet public service needs.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile tq
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County,
Virginia hereby requests that Section 15.1-124(e) of the Virginia Water
and Sewer Authorities Act, Chapter 28, Title 15.1 of the Code of
Virginia of 1950, as amended, which reads as follows:
(e) The Term "political subdivision" shall mean a county or
municipality and any institution or commission of the
Commonwealth of Virginia
shall be amended to read as follows:
(e) The term "political subdivision" shall mean a county,
authority or municipality and any institution or commission
of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next informed the Board that the Annual VACo/VML
Legislative Day is February 9, 1995 and the cost would be $30.00 per
person. Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to attend.
After discussion, it was agreed that all Board of Supervisors members
and the County Administrator would attend the 1995 VACo/VML Legislative
Day.
Mr. Paulette asked Mrs. Ferguson to explained the Emergency Services
Director appointment.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the Emergency Services Plan calls for the
Chairman of the Board of Supervisors to serve as Director of Emergency
Services for the County.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Mr.
Paulette as Emergency Services Director for 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.