619
recommended by Dominion Voice and Data. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (Items 8 — 12)
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented for payment.
FUND TRANSFERS:
9. Courthouse Construction Project: Please transfer $3,935.00 from the
Courthouse Bond to cover expenses to extend conduits for telephone services. This
expenditure was previously approved.
10. CSA Fund: Please transfer and appropriate as a supplemental appropriation
$1,250.00 to pay for CSA Coordination for the month of June, 2004. Due to changes
in personnel in Campbell County, they failed to submit this bill in June.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
11. Electoral Board: Please appropriate a supplemental appropriation in the amount of
$277.00 to cover increases and benefits associated with salary increase given by
State Electoral Board after the FY2005 budget was approved.
12. Sheriff’s Department: Please appropriate a supplemental appropriation in the
amount of $4,508.00 for housing inmates at the Blue Ridge Regional Jail.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any questions regarding the Consent Agenda. Hearing none, he
called for a motion to approve said agenda.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
13. Request for Speed Limit Change: VDOT has responded to our request to lower
the speed limit on portions of US 460.
14, Inspection Report on Landfill Baler: No violations were found during the last
inspection made on the Baler Building at the Landfill.
15. Special Commissioner’s Land Sale: Ms. Belter has provided a list of parcels that
will be sold for delinquent real estate taxes.
16. E911 Progress Report: Timmons Group has submitted a report on the status of
the E911 addressing.
17. Trend Alert from Bill Gillespie: Information concerning the Herman Trend Alert.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns: No one had any specific concerns to discuss at
this time.
Mr. Carter then reminded the Board of it’s upcoming meetings:
Regular Meeting
Monday, August 16, 2004
6:30 p.m.
Appomattox Town Office
At 7:23 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)