688
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was any business from the executive session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the County take an option on
the Bryant tract located on Route 691 for approximately 33 acres at $7,000.00 per acre.
The option would be in the amount of $500.00 and for a term of ninety days with the
County Administrator having the authority to sign the option. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that there was a request for the use of the Courtland Field for a
wedding reception on December 4, 1999.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow the Courtland Field be
used for a wedding reception on December 4, 1999 with the proper insurance in place.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn
at 10:42 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. ‘
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAWRMAN
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox
Town Council, the Appomattox County Planning Commission and the Appomattox
County Board of Zoning Appeals was held on May 17, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Samuel E. Carter — Vice-Chairman — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Present (Town Council):
Ronnie Spiggle
Dick Bass