597
Mr. Moses continued with further comments and closed by saying that he
feels that the County should not participate in the Regional Jail.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Moses and called Messers. James Ashby and
Walter Taylor to appear before the Board.
Mr. Ashby presented the Board with a handout (on file in April 1995
Board File) and explained that they were interested in starting a
business in the County. Mr. Ashby gave a brief explanation of the
nature of his proposed business, which is to pickup garbage door to
door. Mr. Ashby is requesting that he be allowed to use the container
sites throughout the County, as well as not be charged the $100.00
commercial hauler fee.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette told Messers. Ashby and Taylor that the
Board would consider this request and directed Mrs. Ferguson to check
with the County Attorney concerning legal issues involved with this
request.
Mr. Paulette next asked for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Carwile began by asking Mrs. Ferguson if she had received any
information concerning public participation in Board meetings.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she would continue to research this matter.
Mr. Carwile next asked the Board members to instruct Mrs. Ferguson to
begin researching E911 for Appomattox County.
The Board by consensus, asked Mrs. Ferguson to proceed with gathering
information on E911.
Mr. Carwile asked if any further information was available on the
property adjacent to the ball park.
Mrs. Ferguson stated there was no new information on this matter.
Mr. Carwile next asked that Mrs. Ferguson contact the School Board and
request budget and expenditure figures for teachers salaries and
benefits, for the last two (2) years.
€Mr. Carwile then asked that the BOARDROOM sign on the Clerk’s Office be
removed and possibly relocated to the present room being used for Boar
meetings.
Qs
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if she knew who placed the recycling
dumpster on the property located behind STOP-IN. He continued that
someone had placed a dumpster on property without the permission of the
owner.
Mrs. Ferguson stated she would look into this and see what needed to he
done.