242
Mr. Paulette presented a request for a resolution declaring April as
Child Abuse Prevention Month.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
CHILD ABUSE PREVENTIONMONTH
WHEREAS, Numerous individuals and organizations across Virginia work
daily to end the cycle of child abuse and neglect and work to provide
families the assistance they need; and
WHEREAS, the incidence of child abuse and neglect affects a reported
3.1 million children in the United States annually; and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia is committed to supporting our
families through programs that help prevent child abuse and neglect; and)
WHEREAS, all children should have the opportunity to benefit from a
strong family that provides valuable support and caring for its members
that last a lifetime; and
WHEREAS, our society must resolve to preserve, protect and promote the
time-honored ideal of a stable family in order to strengthen the moral,
social and economic underpinnings of the Commonwealth, we must work to
ensure that all children receive a proper upbringing from parents and
adults who make them feel safe, happy and loved;
NOW, THEREFORE, I, Philip Paulette, Chairman, Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors, do hereby proclaim April 1997 as CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION
MONTH in the COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, and I call this observance to the
attention of all our concerned citizens.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette informed the other Board members that Mr. Lawson had
recommended some changes to the cable TV Franchise Agreement and they
were enclosed for the Board’s review.
Mrs. Ferguson asked if the Board wished to look into leveling the
playing fields at the Primary School.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that
Mrs. Ferguson would set up a meeting with Coach Kane, Ann Lawson, Steve
Lawson and see what needed to be done to fix several playing fields.
Mr. Paulette next asked that the Board act on petition number 97-311 of
United States Cellular so they can proceed with their tower.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the
Planning Commission recommendation and approve petition 97-311 of
United States Cellular for a conditional use permit to allow 190 ft
tower on property located on Route 741 between Route 24 (Campbell
County) and dead end. Property is zoned A-1 and is Tax Map Parcel