648
ABSENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 Mr. Craft called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to give the
invocation followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Craft called for the first item on the agenda:_SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
Ms. Ferguson stated there were several items to be added to the agenda:
INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: Monthly Report — Economic Development
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATON: Sheriff's Department Asset Forfeiture Account
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: CVCC Phase 2 Design Proposal
Next Mr. Craft called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
There were no comments at this time.
Emmitt and Deborah Knight: This matter has been held over from the April 2, 2007
meeting in order that Mr. Conrad could be present since the property is located in his
district. Mr. and Mrs. Knight will meet with the Board to answer any questions you may
have concerning their request. Mr. & Mrs. Knight are requesting to give their daughter a
2 acre tract for the purpose of building a house. However, this tract does not have any
road frontage.
Mr. Conrad asked if Mr. or Mrs. Knight had anything they wished to say.
Mrs. Knight asked what alternative was available to them.
Mr. Conrad stated that from the enclosures presented we are talking about a 25 acre
tract and you know the regulations governing that. Also, we are looking at a 50 acre
tract which you are indicating to us is not relevant to anything else.
Ms. Knight talked about the stipulation that allows parents to give their children property
and that it should be done.
Mr. Conrad stated that the zoning regulations were set up to certainly help the county to
control growth, etc., His only concern is that when you adopt regulations he can see a
problem in that when we change these regulations that everyone else will expect the
same thing. The Board can grant waivers.