291
Dr. Thomas answered that he did not feel that this was what the Boar
really wanted to do.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he had some information that he would like
put on the table for the Board to consider, prior to further discussid
Mr. Jamerson told Dr. Thomas and Dr. Poe that he did not feel that ti
Board would make a decision at this meeting but hoped that a
possibilities would be discussed.
Mr. Jamerson presented the Board members with a handout and address¢s
the Board saying that he had given a lot of thought, since this iss
had come up, as to what the County could afford to fund. Mr. Jamers
then directed the other Board members to the handout. (Handout is
file in the Board file for November, 1993.)
After reviewing his projections with the other Board members, Mr.
Jamerson explained that he had met with the County Administrata
Treasurer, Commissioner of Revenue, Clerk to Circuit Court and tt
Commonwealth Attorney to review his figures. The Commissioner
Revenue indicated that the tax revenue projections could be a litt
low but were safe to work with.
After explanation, Mr. Jamerson proposed putting a ceiling on tl
amount to be spent for jail renovation at $300,000.00 Mr. Jamers
figured a debt service payment of $25,791.00 per year on a twenty year
loan at 6% interest.
Mr. Carwile discussed with the Board that he felt by using the new
established capital improvements account and considering the twice
year tax collection, the County could pay for this addition in one
year. Mr. Carwile feels that the jail should be priority number gone
(1). Mr. Carwile feels that citizens would make private donations |to
help with this project.
Mr. Jamerson said that he has seen past Boards spend the surplus ar
then have to borrow to cover operating expenses. He continued
saying that he is not in favor of proceeding in this direction.
Discussion followed concerning needed space in the jail and tt
direction to take to pay for this project.
Mr. Jamerson next shared with the Board his proposal for the Midd
School project. Mr. Jamerson said that his first proposal wou
involve athletics and renovation to the arts building.
Mr. Jamerson explained that the ACTIONS group had approached the Schod
Board in October of 1992 with a plan for a new athletic facility th
would cost approximately 1 million and seventeen thousand dollars.
that time the group felt they could raise 30% of the cost from priva
funds. Mr. Jamerson feels that at least 25% of these private funds 4
still available. With this in mind, Mr. Jamerson proposes authorizi
the School Board to borrow $1,000.000.00 to be used to complete t
second floor in the arts building and to build the athletic complex.
8aSs Ro
ue
on.
on
ne
of
le
ne
on.
ly
a
nd
py
ne
le
ld