402
Mr. Bosiger then presented a revision to the request from the Chamber of Commerce for
their After Hours event. Mr. Bosiger then explained that when the Chamber had
requested the use of the Courtland field they had stated there would be no alcohol. Since
that time they have decided they will be serving alcohol and wanted to see if the Board
would still allow the use of the Courtland field.
After discussion, it was agreed to wait until Mr. Moore could join the meeting before
taking action on this request.
Mr. Bosiger then stated the Board of Supervisors would take a 10-minute recess at 7:58
P.M. to wait on Mr. Moore to finish in the Planning Commission meeting.
At 8:07 P.M. Mr. Bosiger called the meeting back to order.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Monte Mays to appear before the Board.
Mr. Mays came forward and stated that his reason for coming before the Board was to
explain some changes that had come about since he spoke with the Board in December.
Mr. Mays continued that he had approached the Board about the percentage to use for
valuation of personal property and had explained that the State wished all assessments to
be 100 % of the value. Mr. Mays continued by providing facts pertaining to situations
that have occurred due to the Board decision to go to 100% value.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
rescind previous action taken increasing the value of personal property to 100% and
return to 50% of retail value. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Mays and called on Mr. Dennis Gragg, and Mr.
Ted Barnhart, Emanuel Tire of Virginia, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the reason for Mr. Gragg and Mr. Barnhart coming before the
Board was that Mr. Norman Emanuel was not satisfied with the permitted hours of
operation approved by the Board for Emanuel Tire Operation.
Mr. Carter stated that he had several questions concerning the letter from Mr. Emanuel.
Mr. Barnhart attempted to address Mr. Carter’s questions.
A lengthy discussion followed concerning the operational problems between Emanuel
Tire of Virginia and the landfill.
Mr. Barnhart explained that essentially they were coming to the Board to ask for a
divorce and for the Board’s cooperation during the period of time that it would take to get
the proper permits in place to move the tire processing operation.