618
It was the consensus of the Board not to acknowledge this request at this time.
7. Camera System for Circuit Court Clerk’s Office: We have received a proposal for a
camera system for the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office. The cost of this proposed change will
be $8,911.30.
Mr. Spencer informed the Board that Ms. Williams has made this request as a means of safe-
guarding materials in the Clerk’s Office. The cost from Master’s Engineering totaled $13,880 and
Gary Harvey of Craddock-Cunningham said there were a couple of items that could be deleted.
Since there would be a digital recorder in the security office, this has eliminated the need for
another one. Also, a VGA monitor can be obtained elsewhere, bringing the cost down to
$8,911.30.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the request for a camera system
for the Circuit Court Clerk's Office at a cost of $8,911.30. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7A. New Jerusalem Baptist Church: The Rev. Dr. Calvin L. Gray and the organizers of
the Southside Christian Conference would like a letter of support for their annual
conference to be held September 25, 2004. The Board Members were also invited to
attend this conference.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to write a letter of support to the New
Jerusalem Baptist Church for the Southside Christian Conference to be held on September 25,
2004. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7B. Seeding/Mulching of Recreation Fields: The bids have been received for the
seeding/mulching of the recreation fields at the Appomattox Community Park. There
were three (3) bids received: John Harris — $10,950.00 (anti collusion attached)
Kevin O’Brien $17,175.00 (anti collusion attached)
Fred Caldwell $19,209.00 (anti collusion attached)
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to award the
contract for seeding/mulching of recreation fields to the lowest bidder: John Harris for a bid of
$10,950.00. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
y fon Court House Long Distance Telephone Service: Mr. Spencer explained that today
he had received information from Dominion Voice and Data who are providing the
telephone system for the new courthouse and the complex. Basically, they advised us
that the County will have to change long distance carriers. We currently have EXCEL.
The new system will necessitate a change. There are three (3) companies that Verizon
works with in this area: Sprint, AT&T and MCI. The state contract through Virginia
Information and Technology Agency is held by MCI and has been for several years. Mr.
Spencer is asking to have the long distance carrier switched to MCI under the state
contract. This would only affect the new courthouse and the courthouse complex. We
may find it desirable to change all of the long distance to this in the future.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approve contracting
with MCI as the long distance carrier for the new courthouse and the courthouse complex as