149
executed lease shall remain on file in the Office of the County
Administrator and is referred to here for further details. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to reconsider the request from the
Town of Appomattox to reimburse the Town 1/4 the cost of refurbishing a
fire truck owned by the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department. After
reviewing prior commitments and discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay the Town of Appomattox $11,175.16 as
the County share for refurbishing and retrofitting the 1972 Chevrolet
Pumper fire truck owned by the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department.
The money is to be appropriated from unappropriated surplus. Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board of a recent meeting with he, Mr.
Rice, Mrs. Carolyn Lawson, and Dr. Thomas: to review the possibility of
seeking and administering a grant for the Summer Youth Employment
program. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to apply for funding and enter an agreement with Central Piedmont
Private Industry Council for the Summer Youth Employment program.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to review several proposed FY94
budget requests from various Department Heads.
Mr. Carwile asked for an was granted recognition. Mr. Carwile invited
the Board to unite and agree on some funclamental objectives as the
Board begins its FY94 budgeting process:
1. stabilize County taxes
2. be cost conscience
3. be fiscally conservative with County collected tax money
4. strive for higher performance levels and not be content with
the status quo.
Mr. Carwile noted the Board was barely able to pull through FY92 and so
far in FY93 without having to borrow money for operating expenses. He
also pointed out the County’s financial position was somewhat improved
compared to this time last year, but felt: the Board needed to be more
demanding of itself while striving for continuing improvement.
Mr. Carwile concluded by stating the Board will probably have to again
"step on some toes, ruffle a few feathers, and not approve everything
being asked for"; and felt a united Boarcl could do even better than
last year.
Line item budget requests were considerecl and discussed at length. No
action was taken, however, because time limited consideration of all
requests.