068
Mr. Paulette then presented a line item transfer request to move funds
from Board of Assessors to the Board of Equalization.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve a line item
transfer of $3,283.00 from 1210 to 1211. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained the deadline for applications for Maintenance
Assistant has passed. Mr. Paulette asked if the Board wished to set a
date for interviews.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board instructed Mrs. Ferguson!
for her and Mr. Martin to interview applicants and recommend an
applicant for Board approval.
Mr. Paulette suggested April 13, 1996 from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon as
the date and time for the joint session with the Board of Supervisors
and Town Council.
Hearing no opposition, this date and time was confirmed.
Being no further business, at 10:00 p.m., Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to recess until March 11, 1996 at 7:00 p.m.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore’
aye and Mr. Torrence, aye. \, df /
Chairfran
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on March 11, 1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order, stated the purpose of
the hearing was to receive comments on the proposed real property tax
rate and stated the procedure for addressing comments to the Board.
Mr. Paulette then called for comments.
Mr. John Gascoyne came forward and stated his address as Route 3, Box
284, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Gascoyne stated he felt the 1995 reassessment
ludicrous. Mr. Gascoyne continued by saying the national rate of