330
Mr. Jamerson called Monte Mays, Commissioner of Revenue to appear
before the Board to discuss the bid proposals for the general
reassessment. Three bids were received. They are as follows:
Old Dominion Appraisal Company $71,000.00
Blue Ridge Appraisal Company 87,500.00
Pearson Appraisal Company 74,197.00
After discussion concerning the merits of the individual companies M
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the low bid
Old Dominion Appraisal Company of $71,000 for the general reassessment.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mn.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
RotoD-
EIMr. Mays next discussed two (2) proposals for a new telephone systt
for his office. The proposals are as follows:
Appomattox Telephone Service $1,972.00
BB&T CC., Inc. 2,300.40
After discussion Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
accept Appomattox Telephone Services bid of $1,972.00. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; an
Mr. Torrence, aye.
a
Mr. Jamerson brought before the board that it had been brought to hi
attention that an appointment that was made by the Board of Superviso)
on the 13th of December to the Board of Assessors constitues a confli
of interest. Since Mr. R. W. "Bobby" Mitchell is a member of
Appomattox Town Council it would be a conflict of interest for him
serve on the Board of Assessors. After discussion and by consensus
the Board of Supervisors it was agreed that Mr. Jamerson and
Beasley would find a representative from the Southside Magisteri
District and give the name to Mrs. Ferguson for notification.
re mhOoOOtnN
Mr. Jamerson next presented a request from Carolyn Lawson for
resolution of support for the Office on Youth. Mr. Carwile made
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the following resolution:
@ 9
RESOLUTION
SUPPORT OF OFFICE ON YOUTH
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County Office on Youth has served
citizens of Appomattox County since its inception in 1990; and
WHEREAS, the Office on Youth annually serves hundreds of 1
children, youth and their families through programs in areas
substance abuse prevention, improving parenting skills, cult
enrichment, increased recreational activities, teen pr
prevention, meeting daycare needs and youth employment; and
SPEaWHEREAS, the Office on Youth annually provides dozens of yo
serving agencies with technical assistance in program develo
grant writing, collaboration, seminars and training opportunities
provides leadership in the implementation of the Comprehensive Services
Act for At-Risk Youth and Families; and
a