334
Dr. Poe said that he just wanted to confirm that no decision had hes
made to postpone the project nor no financial information present
that would alter the present plans.
Mr. Torrence stated that he understood from the beginning that wi
moving the sixth grade to the middle school something was going to ha
to be done now.
Dr. Poe said that this was true.
Mr. Torrence continued by saying that if the School Board could build
new school for 3 1/4 million dollars that would be great. Finances
the deciding factor in new construction versus renovation. M
Torrence continued by saying that the County’s indebtness was not gol
to drastically change over the next ten (10) years.
Mr. Moore stated that after considering the County debt service the!
is no way that we could fund a new school. He continued by saying thé
the school was not the only need in the County and the Board had
consider all needs.
Mr. Nash asked if we renovated the Middle School did this mean th;
there would be no tax increase for the County?
Mr. Moore stated that if things continue the way they are going ri¢
now there would be no increase in the tax rate.
Mr. Jamerson confirmed that the dollar figure proposed would require
increase in the tax rate. Mr. Jamerson continued by stating that wh
you have a reassessment, taxes will increase and that is why the 1
date was attached to the motion. Mr. Jamerson also commented on M
Carwile’s statement that since nothing would be done before 1996 why
in a hurry. Mr. Jamerson stated that funds were being made availa).
now to renovate for classrooms in the existing arts building and f
the athletic facility.
Dr. Thomas asked the Board for clarification on the funding for Scho
projects. He said that he understood that one million dollars w
approved for the summer of 1994 and 3 1/4 million for the summer
1996.
Mr. Jamerson stated that the motion actually stated that there would
no debt service on the 3 1/4 million dollars until July 1996 but thi
the School Board could proceed with plans, etc.
Dr. Thomas also questioned the Board of Supervisors as to where Ut
money would be coming from.
Mr. Jamerson stated that the School Board had better sources to obta
loans than the Board of Supervisors and he would hope that they wow
proceed with their loan application.
a5
ve
is
re
at
to
at
ht
no
en
96
le
or
ol
as
of
ld