372
Chairman Craft called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and called on
Mr. Tanner to deliver the invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Chairman Craft called for the setting of the agenda. Chairman Craft stated that he would
like to discuss the defacing of the political signs during Supervisors Concerns.
Chairman Craft called for public comment, hearing no comments, Chairman Craft
presented Administrative Item #1 ~ Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program. Chairman
Craft explained that the Board needed to replace Mr. Robert Carter with term effective
immediately. Chairman Craft stated that Ms. Ferguson has stated that since no
applications have been received from the public to fill this vacancy, she would be willing
to serve in this capacity for the present time.
Chairman Craft asked Board members if anyone had a problem with Ms. Ferguson
serving on this committee. Hearing no comment from the Board, Chairman Craft made a
motion to appoint Ms. Aileen Ferguson, County Administrator to serve on the Piedmont
Alcohol Safety Board. Mr. Carter seconded Chairman Craft’s motion. Chairman Craft
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #2 — Regional Greenway Alliance and
explained that Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council is requesting that the
Board appoint two representatives from the county to serve on the Greenway Alliance,
with one term beginning now and ending December 2010, and the other for a one year
term beginning now and ending December 2009,
The Board next discussed the applications for appointment to the Greenway Alliance
representing Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter made a motion to appoint Mr. Terry H. Brennen for a two year term with term
ending December 2010 and Mr. Gerald Mosley for a one year term ending December
2009. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for discussion,
hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — Endorsement Resolution for VDOT
Grant and explained that this matter had been tabled at the previous meeting. He then
called for discussion.
Mr. Johnnie Roark, Planner addressed the Board to explain this request in further detail.
Mr. Roark explained that this Resolution of Support does not buy you into this. He
explained that we are not bound until we are under contract. Mr. Roark stated that worse
case scenario a payment of $125,000 would be needed, and that would be if we do not
receive help from anyone. Mr. Roark stated that they would be soliciting for in kind
donations from local businesses, land donations, easements, which can all be counted