330
Planning Commission. Mr. Slagle is requesting that this ordinance be advertised for public hearing.
Mr. Carter asked a question regarding item 3 under Section B. relating to objectionable noise andsmell as to what constitutes objectionable. Mr. Slagle answered this is a difficult question becausewhat is objectionable to one may not be objectionable to another.
The IDA is looking for low water users, and will allow the Town to drill two (2) wells on the site.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Slagle.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Brian Knopp of the Lynchburg Regional Chamber of Commercewould not be attending tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Moore called for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Carter asked if June 19" was still the date set to adopt the Budget. Need to set up dates for worksessions prior to this date.
Mr. Kendrick stated he had intended to speak later on in the meeting but felt now was a good timeto do so. He has had time to go over the debt retirement and the impact it has on taxes at variousamounts for the Elementary School and quite honestly he is quite concerned because the tax increasewe have just imposed with the .25 cents is in many ways catastrophic on some folks and the idea ofbeing able to build an elementary school without having a substantial tax increase or trying to findsome alternative method of financing, that would allow us to continue on with the program and atthe same time keep these taxes in a range that is affordable by the public. I was going to bring upthat we should have some joint meetings with the School Board and lay out exactly what ourfinancial situation is. Right now, having looked at what could happen next year, and the fact thatwe are looking at 30% addition to the tax base itself, leaving the tax rate at .80 cents as it is rightnow, would generate approximately 1.3 million dollars. If you did a$11 million school it would costyou in debt payments $8 ($800,000) hundred thousand. If we were fortunate enough to phase in therenovation and pay $1.5 million, it would cost us $128,000.00. The bottom line to this is that if youadded inflation on at 3.5% you would add another $252,000 per year and basically you would have
$117,000 left out of the assessment for further growth or whatever we might have. It puts us inavery tight situation when we look at building an $11 million school. I would like to have some worksessions to sit down and look at these numbers, validate the numbers, have joint discussion with theSchool Board so we ourselves can come to a conclusion that is advantageous for the community.Right now I am very troubled with this and feel we need to start having these sessions right away.Mr. Kendrick apologized for having to increase the taxes by .25 cents but once you see the numbers,things will begin to make sense.
Mr. Moore agrees with Mr. Kendrick He cannot see how the citizens can handle the impact of allof this.
Mr. Carwile also agrees with Mr. Kendrick and is glad he bought it out like he did.