491
Ms. Harrup first thanked the Board for their contribution to her organization this year. She stated
they had relocated into a 73,000 square foot building in April. They have not had a formal ribbon
cutting because they are very frugal with their funds. They will be celebrating their 75"
Anniversary later this year and they will roll these into one event and everyone will be invited.
Ms. Harrup gave brief summary of what STEPS is all about. They are very proud to say that
Appomattox has reduced their welfare roll due to the efforts of the staff at STEPS. She is submitting
a letter of request for funding for the upcoming fiscal year and she has broken out where their
funding comes from because she feels it is important for the Board to see that they are trying to earn
their own way as well as coming to the various counties that they service for contributions. Last year
68% of their entire operating budget and their revenue source was generated from production related
activities. She feels they are making vast progress.
Ms. Harrup stated that of the individuals they served last year, five (5) citizens of Appomattox were
served. They operate a van that comes to Appomattox County to pick up individuals that are in need
of their services and eight (8) people from Social Services also received services last year. They also
work closely with the school system with special education students. Ms. Harrup invited everyone
to come by their manufacturing facility. They are located in the old Craddock-Terry factory. Every
individual who comes to their facility receives a pay check. The Farmville operation paid $530,000
in wages last year. 75% of their direct labor is provided by persons with disabilities.
Their biggest constraint at this time is Transportation.
After a brief question and answer period, Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Ms. Harrup.
Mr. Kendrick then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter stated he has talked with Mr. Carroll earlier today regarding a situation but Mr. Carroll
has not had time to check into the matter.
Hearing no other Supervisor Concerns, Mr. Kendrick called for the Administrative Items: (1 - 5)
1. Resolution Regarding Agenda:
Mr. Carroll has submitted a resolution dealing with persons requesting to be on the Board’s
Agenda to discuss an issue for which a public hearing has already been held or is scheduled.
The intent of this resolution is to allow for orderly administration of business and to allow
for the Board to give adequate consideration to citizens comments before making a decision
on issues.
Mr. Carter stated he felt this resolution was well constructed and is needed and now, the Board has
a tool to work within the realm of the agenda utilizing said resolution.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept the following resolution:
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors are interested in receiving comments
from the public regarding decisions that are being made and/or considered regarding various issues