482
Mr. Carwile stated that the Planning Commission has recommended approval of Petition 01-458 -
Everette J. Moore. However, the Board has before it tonight a letter from a concerned citizen
expressing concerns regarding this petition. He is not against the Planning Commissions
recommendation but he does think and offers to the Board for consideration that based on this letter
he believes that in equity and fairness to all that the Board should table this for further input.
Mr. Kendrick stated that since Mr. Carwile has already made comments on Petition 01-458 -
Everette J. Moore that the Board act on this petition first.
01-458 - Everette J. Moore - Conditional zoning request to operate a stone quarry per §170-
10 fo the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 611 between
Route 683 and Route 26, Tax Map #17(A)33 and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Moore stated the Planning Commission had recommended approval for this re-zoning. The
Planning Commission did not recommend a mining operation. In order to do this Mr. Moore would
have to meet all the conditions of the Federal and State regulations for mining operations. It is his
understanding that the Planning Commission only recommended approval of the zoning, the mining
operation does not come under our jurisdiction.
There was some discussion regarding the environmental issues.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Carwile, Petition #01-458 was refered back to the
Planning Commission for further review. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye
Mr. Carroll asked the Board what type of information the Board needed from the Planning
Commission regarding this petition.
Mr. Kendrick stated they needed environmental information and citizen’s concerns
Mr. Kendrick called for action on the following petition:
01-455 - Kenneth and Constance Dean - Conditional Use Permit to place second dwelling
on lot per §170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on
Route 629 between Route 630 and Route 628, Tax Map #109(A)25B and is zoned A-1.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter the Board voted to approve Petition 01-455 for
Kenneth and Constance Dean. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
01-456 - Marilyn P. Creamer and 01-457 - Wesley Thacker and William Bryant were
withdrawn by the applicants at the last Planning Commission meeting.
4. Timber Harvesting Contract:
The Board previously gave the School Board permission to sale the timber from the