614
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Lawson was requesting permission to attend the
Commonwealth Attorney’s Convention in Williamsburg.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve for Mr. Lawson to attend
the Commonwealth Attorney’s Convention and pay his expenses from the Board’s
budget. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a personnel
matter.
At 9:42 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence at 10:02 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Carter made a motion at 10:02 P.M. seconded by Mr.
Moore to recess until March 8, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Daw Dk Agoway
Garet K. Bosiger, Chaitman