313
18. Letter from Rhoda Allen: Ms. Allen wrote requesting the Board to approve
the School Budget as presented.
19. Appomattox County Parks, Recreation and Tourism Report for February
2006: Ms. Dixon has provided her monthly activities report for your information.
20. Use-Value Taxation in Virginia: Horizons has provided a brief description of
how land use works in Virginia.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS: (Item 21)
Mr. Armbrust reported that R. C. Stevens, a builder, called to let him know that Lonnie
Hamlett is doing an excellent job.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board needed to enter into a Closed Session in accordance
with §2.2-3711(A)(7) of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal
counsel: 1) Damage to Equipment for E911 Center and 2) Litigation on Courthouse.
At 8:05 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to enter into closed
session in accordance with §2.2-3711(A)(7) of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
consultation with legal counsel: 1) Damage to Equipment and 2) Litigation on
Courthouse. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 8:42 p.m. Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following Certification Statement:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711(A)(7) — of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked if there was anything to discuss as a result of the Closed Session.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve payment of the fourth
and final payment to J. E. Jamerson & Sons on the Appomattox Emergency Call Center,
in the amount of $7,829.86. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
UPCOMING MEETINGS
MARCH 2, 2006