660
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that the FY2000 County
Budget public hearing would be scheduled for April 26, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the
Courthouse.
The Library budget was discussed and after discussion the Board asked Mrs. Ferguson to
invite the members of the Library Board to meet with the Board of Supervisors to discuss
several matters concerning library operations.
Mr. Bosiger then informed the Board that a letter had been received from Fauber
Architects concerning the bids on Phase II of the High School Roof. Mr. Bosiger read
the letter to the other members of the Board. (Letter on file in the County Administrator’s
Office).
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have the
School Board accept the low bid for roof repairs at the high school and negotiate an
average of the prices for replacing decking and nailers. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the other members of the Board if they wished to discuss the real
estate tax levy for 1999.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to leave the real
estate tax levy the same as 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary in order to discuss a
personnel matter.
At 9:30 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence at 9:55 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and