361
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to offer the 2008 Re-assessment to
Wingate Appraisal Services at a price of $17.50 per parcel. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. All Hazards Mitigation Plan/Flood Mitigation Plan: Bobby Winfield has
been working with the other local governments in the Region to develop a
Hazard Mitigation Plan. In order to continue to receive some funding
Appomattox County must adopt this plan. Mr. Winfield is requesting a public
hearing be held on May 15, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. to receive comments on the
proposed plan in order to move forward with its adoption.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board Members that a copy of this Mitigation Plan was on file
at the County Administration Office and Mr. Winfield would be willing to reproduce it on
a disk if anyone wishes a copy.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to schedule a Public Hearing on
the All Hazards Mitigation Plan/Flood Mitigation Plan for May 15, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. at
the Appomattox Community Center. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Library Board: Jan Peterson has written explaining that his term on the Library
Board expires June 30, 2006 and he is unwilling to continue to serve on this
Board. Mr. Peterson represents the Piney Mountain District; therefore, the
appointment needs to come from this District.
It was the consensus of the Board to run an advertisement for the vacancy on the
Library Board. Also Ms. Jackie Johnson, will be notified to have her fill out and submit
an application.
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 4-14)
4. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes for regular meeting held on
April 3, 2006.
5. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
6. Court Services Unit: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $7,685.00
to the Court Service Unit budget to pay for juvenile detention.
7. Commonwealth’s Attorney: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$5,728.00 to the Commonwealth’s Attorney’s budget to pay for additional
expenses in various line items in his budget.
Also, please appropriate by consent and supplement $4,847.00 to the
Commonwealth's Attorney’s budget for additional funds received from the State
to purchase equipment.