265
Sponsorship program Presently working with Lynchburg Chamber and Region 2000 to
be listed as a golf destination. Will have the Civil Ware Re-enactment in September.
Membership drive recently increased membership from 105 to 140.
All these new initiatives show the Executive/Tourism Director is doing a good job.
The Chamber is requesting $25,000 from the Board of Supervisors.
After some discussion regarding the pooling of the different groups working on tourism,
economic development, etc., and have one common goal to achieve what is best for the
County, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Thompson and the Chamber for all their efforts on
behalf of the community.
Ms. Magda Liska, AWAG was next to present a budget request.
Ms. Liska thanked the Board for their past support. She gave a report on what AWAG
has done and what they hope to continue doing such as the adoption program and the
spay/neuter program. They had applied for the renewal of a grant through the Bob
Barker Organization.
The $2,500 donation from the Board last year was matched bya private citizen.
Ms. Liska also showed the Board several animals they have rescued from the dumpster
sites and from individuals who no longer wanted to take care of them.
Ms. Liska also stated AWAG would like to see the County increase license fees, with a
differential from sterilized/non-sterilized; get more animals licensed with increased
enforcement; and also cats vaccinated and licensed.
At 9:40 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess. Also Mr. Hancock left the meeting.
Mr. Carter reopened the meeting at 9:45 p.m.
Mr. John Wilson requested permission to address the Board on tourism.
Tourism should be a concentrated effort. One that is coordinated in an atmosphere of
cooperation. He has been dealing with this issue for many years and has become
frustrated with the whole thing. We have a Chamber of Commerce which is primarily a
non-governmental organization supporting businesses. Most of those businesses are not
involved in tourism directly and derive a minimal amount of income from tourism that
they can identify. The Chamber is struggling with getting the money necessary for their
Executive Director. To this point all of the Chamber events have been fund raisers, not
geared to tourism. He is a member of the Chamber and he supports their efforts.
However, he does not feel that all tourism has to be run by the Chamber.