049
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley informed the Board Mr. Martin, Director of
Social Services, requests $980.00 to continue day care
programs beyond November 30, 1992 and $1460.00 to pay for
eight months room and board at Central Virginia Mental Health
group home for a new client. After considerable discussion
and several unanswered questions, the Board by consensus
asked Mr. Martin to appear at the next Board meeting to
discuss these requests.
Mr. Rice informed the Board Mr. Lawson, Commonwealth
Attorney, has requested the County pay 1/2 his Bar ques or
$92.50 which will be reimbursed to the County by the
Compensation Board. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by
Mr. Carwile to pay this from unappropriated surplus. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson noted Mr. James A. Smith has resigned from
several economic development activities and feels the Board
ought to thank him and recognize his efforts with a plaque.
The Board by consensus directed Mr. Rice to obtain such a
plaque.
Mr. Rice asked for a transfer of $1810.00 from unappropriated
surplus to pay for a computer in the Commonwealth Attorney’s
office. This purchase has been approved and will be
reimbursed by the Compensation Board. Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate this money and
pay the bill. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board next considered the Comprehensive Services Act for
At-Risk Youth. After considerable discussion, Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint the following
members to the Community Policy and Management Team subject
to each agreeing to serve:
Richard Martin representing the Social Services Depart.
Joyce Jamerson representing the Schools
Bob Bradner representing Court Services
Pat Beale representing Health Department
Beatrice Miller representing Mental Health
Carolyn Lawson representing Office on Youth
Kay Robertson representing parents
Nina Beasley representing the Board of Supervisors
Captain George Morris representing Law Enforcement
Gordon Rice as fiscal agent
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of a complaint by Mrs. Pam Mays.
Mrs. Mays complaines many from the Community Center are
trespassing onto her property and requests the County erect a
fence to prevent vandalism. After discussion and by
consensus, the Board requested Mr. Carwile to ask _ the
Community Center Board to consider Mrs. Mays request.