448
Dear Mr. Carroll:
I apologize for any misconception, inconvenience, etc. that has occurred because of the
letter dated July 6, 1998 concerning the engineer’s preliminary estimate of the
construction cost. The facts are as follows: prior to me leaving on July 3, 1998 I dictated
the letter to be mailed on the 6", however, I didn’t sign the letter until July 12, 1998. The
office staff mailed the letter on July 13, 1998 and inadvertently the staff left off the
engineer’s preliminary estimate of the construction costs.
Again, I apologize for any problems this may have caused you or your office staff.
Sincerely,
Ronald C. Spiggle
Mayor, Town of Appomattox
Mr. Bosiger stated that hopefilly this would clear up the mystery of the letter dated July
6, 1998 and received in the County Administrator’s Office July 14, 1998.
Mr. Bosiger continued that over the course of the period of working with the possible
purchase of an industrial site there had been respected and wise people that had taken
both sides of the issue. Mr. Bosiger stated that an I.D.A. had been appointed with
instructions to go forward and work on an industrial park for the County of Appomattox.
Mr. Bosiger stated that since that time there had been many meetings, both by the Board
of Supervisors and the I.D.A., and the LD.A. had made a recommendation, which they
believe to be sincere. Mr. Bosiger continued that he complimented the I.D.A. for the job
they had done. Mr. Bosiger stated that the citizens that had talked with him all had the
interest of the County at heart. He stated that the comments he received ranged from
caution, to problems with the cost and size of the property, the cost of developing
infrastructure, the grants, but their main concern was the citizens having to pay for this
project through increased tax rates. Mr. Bosiger stated that Mr. Fred Lawson had talked
with him and asked that he pass his opinion along to the Board and that was that he felt
an industrial park was needed but not a thirty year supply. Mr. Bosiger stated that he
listened to every call from constituents that he received and weighed this information
when making his decision. Mr. Bosiger stated that his concern was that the County had a
tax base that may deteriorate. Mr. Bosiger continued by giving information on various
Counties that he was familiar with. Mr. Bosiger summed up by saying that what he felt
the Board had to decide was could they do the best thing for the County without unfairly
or unduly taxing the citizens. Mr. Bosiger asked, could we afford to do this proposal as it
has been presented. Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt we must move forward, and
considering all things, he did not feel that this project would add a burden on the citizens.
Mr. Bosiger closed that he would rather error on the side of commission rather than
omission.
Mr. Bosiger called for other discussion.