398
execute for and in behalf of Appomattox County, Virginia, a public
entity established under the laws of the State of Virginia, this
application and to file it in the appropriate State office for the
purpose of obtaining Federal financial assistance under the Disaster
Relief Act (Public Law 288.93rd Congress) or otherwise available from
the President’s Disaster Relief Fund.
THAT Appomattox County, a public entity established under the laws of
the State of Virginia, hereby authorizes its agent to provide to the
State and to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for all
matters pertaining to such Federal disaster assistance the assurances
and agreements printed on the reverse side hereof.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented information concerning a proposal from Central
Virginia Electric Cooperative for a new transmission line on Route
608. Mrs. Ferguson continued by saying that there is an application on
file in the County Office if anyone is interested in detailed
information on this proposed project.
Mr. Torrence read a letter he drafted to send to the group who made the
request to put the Middle School issue as a referendum on the 1994
ballot. After discussion, the Board approved the draft letter to be
sent to this group.
Mrs. Beasley questioned a letter from Mrs. Millie Trent, Chairman
Conservation Committee, Appomattox Garden Club concerning recycling.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, requested Mrs. Ferguson write
a letter in response to the Garden Clubs’ request expressing the
Board’s concern with this matter and thanking the Garden Club for their
concern.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented for information, a draft agreement between
the County and any citizen who allows the County to place trash
containers on their property.
Mrs. Ferguson reminded the Board of a meeting April 5, 1994 with the
Town Council and Lee Cobb to discuss industrial development.
Also, Mrs. Ferguson explained to the Board that a Public Hearing notice
had been published concerning amending the Animal Control Ordinance to
include a running at large confinement period for dogs. Considering
the limited time frame and the fact that other amendments are needed in
the Animal Control Ordinance, the Board by consensus, agreed to cancel
the public hearing and make all the revisions to the ordinance at one
time.
The Board set a date for a budget meeting at 7:00 p.m. on May 12, 1994.
Being no further business, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until April 5, 1994 at the Town Office. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
is ~
Chairman ,