027
Cross Blue Shield’s position since it appears the Board has
received conflicting information.
Mr. Jamerson next introduced two (2) proposed ordinances for
consideration - Emergency Services and Central Purchasing.
The Emergency Services Ordinance would make the County
Administrator the Director and the Building Inspector the
Coordinator. It also defines the duties and responsibilities
of these two (2) positions and those of the Board of
Supervisors. The Central Purchasing Ordinance is a common
ordinance which would establish Central Purchasing for
Appomattox County government. After discussion, Mr. Torrence
made a motion to include the Emergency Services ordinance in
the Code updates currently being considered pending review of
the County Attorney. The motion was seconded by Mrs.
Beasley. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Discussion continued on the proposed Central Purchasing
Ordinance and it was agreed by consensus to defer a decision
until more time could be spent considering this rather far
reaching legislation.
Mr. Jamerson next acknowledged receipt of the lists of
delinquent taxes from the Treasurer. A discussion followed
whether to publish these lists in the local newspapers. Mr.
Carwile made a motion to advertise the list of delinquent
taxpayers in both local newspapers. The motion was seconded
by Mr. Torrence. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked if the Board wished to renew its
membership in Sam’s_ Club, a discount supplier. After
discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to renew the membership in Sam’s Club for one (1)
year at a cost of $55.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up for consideration a request from
Ann Lawson, Director of the Recreation Department, to attend
the 1992 Virginia Recreation and Park Society’s annual
convention in Williamsburg September 20, 21, and 22, 1992 and
a request from Mr. Monty Mays, the Commissioner of Revenue,
to attend the Local Government Officials’ Conference later
this month. Mr. Mays expenses will be reimbursed by the
Compensation Board. After discussion, Mr. Moore made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay the following expenses
for Mrs. Lawson to attend the 1992 Virginia Recreation and
Park Society State Conference in Williamsburg, Virginia
September 20-23, 1992:
Registration S$ 95.00
3 nights lodging
plus room tax 207.68
Milage at $0.21 per
mile not to exceed 63.00
Meals not to exceed _100.00
$465.68