wv 38
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if any Board members had requests or instructio
for the County Administrator.
Mr. Carwile requested that the draft minutes of all meetings
included in the Board Books.
Mr. Torrence mentioned that the public needs to be aware that in o
to appear before the Board, a request must be made to the Coun
Administrator at least three days prior to the scheduled meeting.
Mr. Torrence asked if there were any additions or changes to the agenda.
Mr. Carwile mentioned that he had a personnel matter to discuss
executive session.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that there were some additional items that n
ity
to be included on the agenda.
Mr. Torrence requested that the executive session be moved to
position before the item on the agenda concerning a request
construct a tire fence. Mr. Torrence stated that he had some questio
for the County Attorney concerning this matter.
Mr. Torrence then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engine
Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms. Lindsay began by request.
Board approval for a resolution adopting the Six Year Plan
Appomattox County Secondary Roads.
Hh
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt t
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
It was resolved that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox Count
having met the requirements of Section 33.1-70.01 of the Code
Virginia regarding advertisement and having held a public hearing
December 13, 1993, and following presentation and discussion at thi
meeting with S. B. Lindsay, Resident Engineer, Department
he
Yr
of
on
lis
of
Transportation, doth approve the Six Year Plan for Appomattox County
Secondary Roads (1994-95 thru 1999-00 with some completion dates beyo
December 31, 2000).
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulett
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. Mr. Torrence asked if any member of t
Board had questions for Ms. Lindsay.
‘a LS
SECONDARY SYSTEM
COUNTY: APPOMATTOX
CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM
ESTIMATED ALLOCATIONS
e,