36
considering this, puts you right on the cutting edge and you have three (3) schools from which to
draw up and coming museum professionals. You have a pool of free labor in your back yard.
Ms. Willie Thornhill stated that she is a Board member of the Legacy Museum of African
History. Appomattox has a group of citizens that you should be really proud of because they are
taking the gauntlet and going with it, trying to bring some of Appomattox to life. You have
access to organizations that can be really important to your community. Most of the grants being
awarded today are going to Indians, Afro-Americans and other minority cultures. Your have the
opportunity to move forward and make everyone proud of what you have here.
At 6:55 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a five (5) minute recess before beginning the joint public
hearing.
At 8:00 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board Meeting and called for the next item on the
agenda.
Blair Smith and Linda Jones, Dominion Seven Architects: Mr. Smith & Ms. Jones
are here to update you on the progress of the animal pound.
Mr. Smith presented the Board Members with a listing of the bids received on the animal pound.
There were a total of five (5) bidders. He felt they were all good bids and the pricing was very
much in line. The low bid was $518,500. They also received an alternate bid for surface treating
the parking lot of $3,300. They are still working through some final numbers and they feel there
are some additional saving to be had.
His recommendation is that the Board enter into a contract with J. Harmon Saunders for $521,800
as a not to exceed amount and give Mrs. Ferguson, Chris and himself some time to work that
number down. This would be a tum-key job and the project should be completed in about 5
months.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Smith for his presentation.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that there are other projects being considered at the present time. She is
presently working on ways to finance these projects: The Animal Pound, The Emergency Control
Center, the Landfill and possibly the Regional Jail.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to enter into a contract with J. Harmon
Saunders of South Boston for the construction of the Animal Pound with alternate #2. ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 6)
1. Amendment to Road Ordinance: A public hearing was held on February 7, 2005
on the proposed amendment to the Roads Ordinance.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following Ordinance as
amended:
Chapter 133