233
have been placed on the lots. This type of development may initially bring new
residents to the county but it does not significantly increase county revenues due to the
value of the homes and due to this type of development generally depreciating in value
over time rather than increasing in value. It also does not improve the property values
of other homes in the immediate area.
My understanding is that if approved, the proposed subdivision would be allowed to
have lots as small as one (1) acre with potentially as many as fifty (50) lots. If this
trend continues, I have strong concerns for the availability of adequate water supplies
for this and other future developments since all of the new homes would have to be
supplied by wells. With no public water supply in this area and in light of the recent dry
weather and drought conditions in recent years, what level of density is feasible for new
developments? Also with no public sanitary sewer available in this area, when septic
systems begin to fail in the future, how will those needs be met if the lots are not large
enough for the installation of additional drain fields?
As you consider this request, I urge the members of the Board of Supervisors and the
Planning Commission to consider what type of development they would like Appomattox
County to be known for. Should our county be known as a place of congested
development with declining property values or a place of moderate growth where
appropriate sized development will attract similar development in the future. Finally, as
you consider this request and others for development in the county, you look at the
growth of counties around us and ask yourselves what are they doing differently and
why they continue to grow?
Respectfully,
Joel Dawson
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone else wished to speak against this petition?
Ms. Kay Bondurant, Rt. 2, Box 506, Appomattox, VA: Mrs. Bondurant stated that
the zoning has the farmers between “a rock and a hard place”. They want larger lots
but we want firm foundations. She does not know what the answer is but feel we need
to go back to the drawing board. Tonight she wants to talk about respect. Stonewall
offers a majestic view of the Blue Ridge Mountains Over the past few years, that view
is diminishing because we have allowed little homes on little lots that just keep popping
up. She has always enjoyed living in Stonewall and it is not as pretty as it once was.
The second thing is respect for the landowners around this proposed zoning. Farming is
a way of life. Generations of our forefathers have farmed and when a farm is in
operation, there are going to be different smells throughout the year. Manure is a fact
of life, it is what we use for fertilizer on our fields. Last, she would like for you to think
about respect for truths, honesty and integrity. In this, she is talking about conflict of
interest, she is not pointing any fingers, but we have relatives on the Board and we
have situations on the Planning Commission with realtors or family members who are
realtors. She does not feel these people should have a vote on this situation because
they are too close to the situation. Thank you.
David Stratton, Route 2, Box 27B, Concord, VA: Mr. Stratton stated he is a 5"
generation farmer and has farmed this land all his life. He helped clear this piece of