479
forest they have things divided by timber types. For the past 28 years he has been
trying to get something called “sustained management” and he is working on a plan that
eventually they will have 60 acres of 100 year old, 60 acres of 90 year old, etc. When
he completes this he will retire - 127 years old. The forest is more than trees. They
have had the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture do research plus many universities such as Va
Tech, Liberty, Yale, Longwood, etc. They do a lot of research. One of their weaknesses
is that they really do not reach out to the community. They are limited because they
are self-supporting.
One of the things he has done when he has a few minutes at the end of each day, is a
GEO tour on the Covington Trail. GEO Caches are getting to be one of the great family
recreation things, where you use a hand-held instrument and find various spots. With
the help of Beryl Covington and Ralph Smith, who used to live on this property, he has
put together a program which we may want to give to the tourism director. Also, for
those who do not have GEO caches, he has modified this plan to be just a walking tour
consisting of 8 stops covering about 2 miles and really talks about the people who lived
there before and what is being done now with the land. (Mr. Brennen passed out some
information on this walking tour.) Mr. Brennen thanked the Board for their time and
letting him tell a little about what is taking place in the State Forest.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Brennen for his informative presentation and check.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 5)
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
submitted its recommendations from the public hearing held on July 17, 2006.
CUP06008 — Raymond A. Mirra, Jr. and Gigi Jordan: Conditional Use
Permit to allow for a private club on Route 721 (Stone Ridge Road) between
Route 671 (Turner Mountain Road) and Route 605 (Dreaming Creek Road).
Subject property is identified as Tax Map #’s 23(A)5, 23(A)5b, 23(1)6A and 23
(1) 6B and contains approximately 1039.23 acres. Property is zoned A-1,
Agricultural District.
The Planning Commission recommends approval of this petition with conditions.
CUP06007 — Appomattox FFA Alumni Association/U. S. Cellular:
Conditional Use Permit to allow for a new telecommunications facility on Route
1002 (Evergreen Avenue) between Route 727 (Red House Road) and Route 635
(Redfields Road). Property is identified as Tax Map #76(A)68 containing
approximately 4.28 acres and is zoned A-1, Agricultural District.
The Planning Commission recommends approval of this petition as submitted.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, for reason of
public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice to approve
CUP06008 Raymond A. Mirra, Jr. and Gigi Jordan with the following conditions:
e The development shall generally conform to the site plan submitted June 23,
2006 with the application. The conditional use permit shall have to be amended