336
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a recessed meeting on Thursday, June 8, 2000
at 6:00 P.M. in the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox,
VA.
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M. and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Moore explained that an executive session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 -
legal issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matters.
At 6:05 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into executive session
to discuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:52 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:55 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr Kendrick the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a certification by
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive