228
items to be sold as a fund raiser. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Request for Resolution of Support: Prince Edward County is requesting that
you pass a resolution supporting a grant application for a Transportation
Enhancement Grant for the High Bridge Trail State Park project.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the following resolution:
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
TRANSPORTATION ENHANCEMENT GRANT
HIGH BRIDGE TRAIL STATE PARK
WHEREAS, in accordance with Commonwealth Transportation Board
procedures, resolutions of support from local governments may supplement
Transportation Enhancement Grant applications: and
WHEREAS, Norfolk Southern Corporation is abandoning approximately 33 miles
of railroad from Burkeville, Virginia to Pamplin City, Virginia, partially located in the
Counties of Appomattox, Cumberland, Nottoway and Prince Edward and the Towns of
Burkeville, Farmville and Pamplin; and
WHEREAS, Norfolk Southern Corporation is donating the abandoned railroad
corridor to the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation
for the purpose of creating a rails-to-trails linear state park; and
WHEREAS, the creation of High Bridge Trail State Park enables the abandoned
rail corridor to become an outdoor recreational and heritage tourism opportunity, and
protects the future of High Bridge, a nationally and historically significant railroad bridge
structure; and
WHEREAS, High Bridge Trail State Park creates new economic and outdoor
recreation opportunities for citizens of the Commonwealth and the Counties of Prince
Edward, Cumberland, Appomattox and Nottoway and the Towns of Farmville, Burkeville,
Pamplin and the villages of Rice and Prospect; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation has applied
for Transportation Enhancement funding for the construction of bridge decking and trail
surfacing along the trail corridor;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox, Virginia wholeheartedly supports the Transportation
Enhancement Grant application of the Virginia Department of Conservation and
Recreation; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County of Appomattox hereby
understands that the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation will serve as
fiscal agent for this project and requires no local matching funds from the localities.