496
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay for Mr.
Glenn’s certification from 1101-5504. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Court Service Unit has requested the Board of Supervisor’s pay for
Janet Robertson to attend a workshop.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to pay registration
and expenses for Janet Robertson to attend a program titled
Indispensable Assistant. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Sheriff Richardson requested an appropriation from the Asset/Forfieture
Account.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$2,154.72 from the Asset/Forfieture Account for the month of Septembé
1994. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Qs-B-
ry
Mr. Peterson provided the Board with three quotes for building a
leachate hauling tank.
After review, the Board by consensus, agreed for Mr. Peterson to
proceed with the low bid and have this tank constructed as soon as
possible.
Mr. Peterson had also provided information on balers which he needs to
purchase for recycling. Mr. Peterson requested that he be allowed tq
fly to Yokam, Texas to view one of the baling systems in operation and
talk with the people who are presently using this system.
After discussion, it was decided that Mr. Peterson not take this trig
to Texas, but that Mrs. Ferguson would contact a representative from
the company that sells this baling system and see if they would come
and meet with the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Virginia Association of Counties
asking the Board to appoint a member as their legislative contact.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr.
Paulette as the Board’s legislative contact. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that the lease for use of the
Community Center by Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging was due for
renewal.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to renew the Lease
with Central Virginia Area agency on Aging for use of the Community
Center for one (1) year (October 1, 1994 through September 30, 1995) |
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.