269
BUILDINGS Pursuant to Sec.58-1-3292 Code
of Virginia
BEIT ORDAINED AS FOLLOWS:
All new buildings substantially completed or fit for use and occupancy prior to November 1 of the
year of completion shall be assessed when so completed or fit for use and occupancy, and the
Commissioner of the Revenue of Appomattox County shall enter in the books the fair market
value of such building. No partial assessment as provided herein shall become effective until
information as to the date and amount of such assessment is recorded in the office of the Treasurer
of Appomattox County and made available for public inspection.
The total tax on any such new building for that year shall be the sum of (i) the tax upon the
assessment of the completed building computed according to the ratio which the portion of the year
such building is substantially completed or fit for use and occupancy bears to the entire year, and
(ii) the tax upon the assessment of such new building as it existed on January 1 of that assessment
year, computed according to the ratio which the portion of the year such building was not
substantially complete or fit for use and occupancy bears to the entire year.
With respect to any assessment made under this section after September 1 of any year, the penalty
for nonpayment by December 5 shall be extended to February 5 of the succeeding year.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Fire Marshall Appointment: Lonnie Hamlett has agreed to take the Fire
Marshall training and add these duties to his present responsibilities. In order to
be enrolled in the training program he has to be appointed as Fire Marshall for
Appomattox County.
After a brief discussion on the duties and qualifications of the Fire Marshall, Mr. Craft
made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to appoint Lonnie Hamlett to the position of
Fire Marshall for Appomattox County. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. CVCC Satellite —- Phase 1A: The project analysis for the first phase of the
CVCC Satellite Center has been received for the Board’s approval. Financial
options are been worked on with Davenport.
Ms. Ferguson explained that sometime ago when CVCC had the opportunity to receive
some Tobacco Funding, the Board determined to move forward with a partial renovation
of the third grade wing to get the satellite center up and moving by the summer. This is
a continuation and cost analysis provided by HDH including the scope of service, design
fees, etc.
Ms. Ferguson also explained that there will be some payback from leasing the space to
CVCC and she cannot think of a better way for this facility to be utilized.