246
Whereas, the Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center is currently operating within Appomattox
County; and
Whereas, the Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center is currently providing emergency &
transitional shelter and community service opportunities within Appomattox and has plans to
provide conflict mediation, batterers counseling, parenting classes, substance abuse counseling,
job skills training, and other community development assistance programs to Appomattox
County, and
Whereas, the Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center has intentions of working with other service
providers within the region to provide these programs within the outreach center, and
Whereas, the Lighthouse of Love has already formed a relationship with the Appomattox
County Sheriff's Department and the Appomattox County Department of Social Services,
Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby
support the efforts that the Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center is making to provide the above
listed services within Appomattox County and the Board further wishes the Lighthouse of Love
Outreach Center much success in its attempt to receive tax exempt {501(c)3} status.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore presented a request from the Town of Appomattox for the building permit fees and
the landfill fees to be waived for their waste water treatment plant project.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to waive the building permit fees and the
landfill fees for the Town of Appomattox’s waste water treatment plant project. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented a supplemental appropriation request from Hurt & Proffitt in the
amount of $11,170.58 for professional services provided for the landfill.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $11,170.58 to the landfill
budget to pay for professional services provided by Hurt & Proffitt. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Hancock, nay; and Mr. Kendrick, nay.
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mrs. Ferguson was asked to have Mr. Earl Dickerson attend the next meeting
and give an explanation as to the charges on the bills that have been presented.
Mr. Moore then explained that at a previous meeting a request had been made by Mr. Alton
Dalton for an exception to the Subdivision Ordinance to allow him to divide a lot for his children
that did not have frontage on a State maintained highway. Mr. Caldwell was asked to see if he
could come up with a way to allow Mr. Dalton to proceed with this division. Mr. Moore
explained that Mr. Caldwell had not be able to reach a solution for this problem under the