457
$90.86 for expenses during the month of December 2000.
d. IDA Bond:
$40,320.65 from IDA Bond to the General Revenue Fund for the Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department - payment on fire truck.
e. Registrar and Electoral Board:
$150.00 for the Registrar and Electoral Board to attend one day seminar in Richmond.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda (items 6 through
15e, with the exception of 8a) as presented. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick asked if any one had any questions regarding the Information Items.
Mr. Kendrick asked Mr. Carroll about the $50,000 the Appomattox Youth Sports Inc. has committed
to the completion of the Community Park. Mr. Carroll stated it was his understanding that this
money could be used as matching funds in grant applications.
Mr. Carroll requested that the Board Members return old Board Book Binders as these binders are
getting expensive and we would like to recycle them if possible. The other alternative is to staple the
information together without using a binder.
Mr. Carroll reminded the Board of the VML/VACo Legislative Day on February 1, 2001. The cost
of this session will be $20.00 per person. Please let Mr. Carroll know if you wish to attend.
At 8:10 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
KE, A
Jerfy Kendrick, Chairman
On January 8, 2001 at 7:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Public
Hearing at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox,
VA.
PRESENT: Mr. Jerry Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Mr. Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Jesse Hancock- Falling River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Mr. Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Mr. Brandon Stidham - County Planner.