195
Mr. James Bohannon came forward and gave his address as Route 3 Box 770, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Bohannon stated that he owned property that joined Mr. Jones’ property. Mr.
Bohannon continued that he did not feel this should be allowed because it was located near an
historic park area. Mr. Bohannon stated that he has several problems with the location of these
warehouses. The first one was that if the warehouses are located where they are proposed tractor
trailers will be turning down Route 656 and this road was too narrow for tractor-trailers. Mr.
Bohannon continued that the area was already a dangerous area for traffic because when you
came off the bridge on route 24 the road narrowed into a bottle neck. Mr. Bohannon stated that
his mother lives within seventy feet of this property and that there is a lot of noise when these
trailers are being loaded or unloaded at night. Mr. Bohannon feels that this type operation
devalues his property. In closing Mr. Bohannon stated that he feels this type operation should be
in an industrial park.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-407 of Clayton C. Bryant to rezone property from B-1 to
M-1 with conditional use permit to allow truck and trailer storage and repairs and contractor
facilities to include sandblasting. Property is part of Tax Map Parcel No. 60-A-53 and is located
on Route 609 between Route 460 and Route 608.
Mr. Moore called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Steve Conner came forward and gave his address as Appomattox. Mr. Conner stated that he
was representing Mr. Bryant and Mr. Moore. Mr. Conner then presented each member of the
Board with a letter from Milfred G. Bean stating that he had no objection to this rezoning or
conditional use (copy on file in the Board File for the month of January 2000). Mr. Conner stated
that this property was located in the middle of other property owned by Mr. Clayton Bryant. Mr.
Conner continued that he felt this was a good area for this type business because there was other
business property around this property and the adjoining property owners were not opposed.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-408 of Reformed Bible Church for a special exception to
allow church in B-1 zoned area. Property is located on Harrell Street between Church Street and
Oakleigh Avenue.
Mr. Moore called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Paul Michael Raymond came forward and stated that he was a resident of Appomattox. Mr.
Raymond continued that he was the pastor of Reform Bible Church which was a Presbyterian type
Church. Mr. Raymond explained that they had some difficulty locating a building for their