683
David Allen, Route 1, Box 1666, Spout Spring, VA came forward to request that Route
679 — Shirey Farms Road be taken over by the State as a State improved road. He is
not asking for any improvements but as a resident and property owner he thinks this
would be beneficial to everyone on this road. Hopefully, sometime in the future, some
improvements could be made.
Mr. Austin made the statement that Road Viewers need to be appointed.
At 6:10 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
At this time, Mr. Austin informed those present that Mr. Moore would give an update on
traffic signal at the Shoppes of Appomattox Shopping Center. There has been a lot of
talk recently about the speed limit on the Appomattox Bypass (Route 460). He will
present the facts.
In accordance with Senate Bill 408 that was passed by the General Assembly last year,
all speed limits on limited access facilities be extended to 65 mph. VDOT engineers
have completed a study in accordance with this legislation. Mr. Moore emphasized “the
speed limit at the shopping center will not change”. He explained where the various
speed limits (65, 55 & 45 mph) would be in effect on both the east and west bound
lanes. There has also been a lot of discussion about the accidents on the by-pass but
actually the accident rate is relatively very low as compared to the State. He does not
think the change in the speed limit will have any impact on the number of accidents.
The by-pass was designed for 65 mph. Recent studies revealed that the average speed
at the entrance to the shopping center is about 55 mph east bound and 50 mph west
bound. VDOT will install rumble strips, flashing lights, etc. in the increased speed limit
zones.
Mr. Armbrust asked about the status of a recent request to move the increased speed
limit sign from its present position near Appomattox Ford to the west side of the road to
the Moose Lodge. Mr. Moore commented that at that time, a study showed this area
did not meet the qualifications to warrant a change.
On February 3, 2001, VDOT with members of the Board of Supervisors, Town Council,
State Police, Sheriff's Office, shopping center owners and some of the managers of
stores located in the shopping center met to discuss the safety concerns. VDOT
implemented a number of changes to increase safety, such as narrowing the cross-over,
markings in the cross-over, put up signs to prohibit more than one vehicle in the cross-
over at a time, and other various signage. People think that installing traffic signals is
the answer to solving accidents. This is not true. In most cases the installation of a
traffic signal increased the accident rate because drivers do not obey the signal light.
VDOT has not opposed a traffic signal and no request for a traffic signal has been
received. Tonight, Mr. Austin has given him a request from the Lion’s Club regarding a
traffic light. Mr. Moore would like to meet with this same group again. The developer
of the shopping center would have to bear the cost of installing a light, around
$125,000.00. Once the light is installed, the State will maintain and pay the electric bill.
Mr. Moore also presented some alternatives to a signal light. These include: 1) Access
Road — VDOT would not fund; 2) the number of entrances; and 3) the length of the