200
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Lee and asked Mrs. Bonnie
Tillotson to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Tillotson began by explained she was trying to sell two parcels of
property located in Wolf Creek Estates. Mrs. Tollitson continued that
when the parcels were surveyed they did not contain the river frontage!
that the original plat showed. Mrs. Tillotson explained that Mr. Bob
Foster, owner of the adjoining lots had agreed to give what was
necessary to give the prospective buyers what they thought they were
buying. Mrs. Tillotson asked the Board to give a special exemption for
these two lots.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board of Supervisors, this
was referred to the Planning Commission for review and recommendation
Mr. Paulette asked the Board if they wished to act on the Planning
Commission recommendation from the 6:30 p.m. public hearing.
Mr. Paulette explained the Planning Commission recommended denying Mr
Raymond Lawson’s request to rezone property from A-1 to R-2.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to accept the
Planning Commission’s recommendation and deny petition #96-304 of
Raymond and Karen Lawson to rezone property from A-1 to R-2. Property
is Tax Map Parcel 64 (A) 69A and is located on Route 1011 between Route
656 and Dead End. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a personnel matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into executiv
session at 8:00 P.M. to discuss a personnel matter. VOTE: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
©
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:44 P.M. Vote: Mr]
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law: