396
Article 1.8 — Interpretation:
The County Administrator shall be responsible for the implementation and
interpretation of these policies.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt this was out of order and should be tabled until they had
time to further study and research this information. Mr. Carwile stated he had asked to be
shown in print where the County Administrator was given this authority in the first place.
Mr. Kendrick stated he agreed with what was presented here because the intent the Board
had made was clearly what is in the policy. It was the intent of the Board not to get
caught up in the hiring, dismissal, or discipline of the employees, so as to make it a
political agenda. He believes we should adopt this tonight. Mr. Kendrick further stated
that he wanted to give the County Administrator the authority to do his job.
Mr. Carwile replied that Mr. Kendrick used the word “intent” and he did not operate this
County on intent.
Mr. Kendrick continued , at that time it was our thinking that we had in fact given him
the authority to not only hire, which he has been doing, but also to manage, promote,
train and do whatever he need to do with the staff and it was only when he brings to the
Board a situation that clearly needs to be resolved that the Board needs to get involved.
I do not want this Board to get into the business of making employee performance a
political agenda, where it has to be voted out in public, it is an embarrassment and a
disgrace. This County has been embarrassed enough with this type of foolishness and it
needs to be stopped. This is not County business, this is managing the staff. We are
suppose to be setting the policies of the County, not managing the staff.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt that the Board should be informed of personnel decisions
before any action is taken and they should be allowed to have some input into the
situation. H e feels comfortable with the present A dministrator b ut w hat about further
down the road and we have another Administrator.
Mr. Hancock stated he feels that as long as everyone is treated fairly, one person should
be able to handle personnel matters, the problem occurs when that one person becomes
biased.
Mr. Carter stated that in the everyday business world, it is the Administrators latitude to
hire and fire, handle performance and disciplinary actions, grant vacations, etc. but to
keep the wheel balanced is the grievance policy that will enable anyone that has a chip on
their shoulders against someone else to follow this policy and this policy will bring it
back to this Board or a Grievance Panel.