426
APPROACH A:
The first approach for private street naming assistance is to distribute street naming
assistance packets while address markers are being manufactured for the county and
before addresses are assigned. This approach will collect road name information sooner
and result in all structures receiving addresses with road names.
Timmons Group will identify all structures associated with an unnamed road and attribute
them with the generic unnamed road name prior to addressing the structures. Next we
will distribute a “Naming Assistance Packet” to all identified structures. Then we will
collect citizen responses, forward those to the County for consideration and resolution,
assign the road name provided by the County, and distribute the structure address
complete with the next road name.
Approach A will cost the County $8,745.
APPROACH B:
The second approach for private street naming assistance is to distribute street naming
assistance p ackets as part of the address delivery task. T his process will collect road
name information after delivery of the structure address. The County will need to notify
the structure occupants of the new road name once selected and approved by the County.
Occupants will then use the new road name along with the structure address number
received using the delivery task as their new structure address.
Timmons Group will identify all structures associated with unnamed roads and attribute
them with the generic unnamed road name as part of addressing the structures. Next we
will distribute a Naming Assistance Flyer to all identified structures as part of the
Addressing Notification Packet. The structure address included in the packet will read as
follows: 9999 UNNAMED ROAD XxX. Then we will collect citizen responses, forward
them to the County for consideration and resolution, assign the road name provided by
the County, and provide a list of all addresses on the roads which need to be notified by
County Staff.
The county can take advantage of the citizens desire to have an official road name to go
along with their newly assigned address number. There will be no additional delivery
costs since there is no additional field visit. The disadvantage to this approach is that the
packets will not be delivered up front and naming of the roads will occur much later than
in Approach A. The county can be broken into sixths (four parts County, 2 parts town)
and streets can be named in batches.
Approach B will cost the County $5,384.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept
Approach B as the method of naming the unnamed private roads and to authorize the
County Administrator to execute the Change order. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye; (4 aye votes, 1 absent)