645
Mr. Coalson closed by stating that Wednesday, November 21° was the last day to make an appeal to
the Board of Assessors and the next step would be to appeal to the Board of Equalization.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Coalson and Mr. Martin.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile commented on Governor-Elect Warner’s interest in increasing monies for education and
we should let him know that we support this endeavor by a resolution of support.
Mr. Carroll will draft a resolution concerning Governor-Elect Warner’s interest in increasing monies
for educational purposes to be reviewed at the next meeting.
Mr. Moore is concerned about the alternative education program and thinks maybe we could receive
some help on this issue.
Mr. Kendrick stated he had two (2) concerns: (1) Assessment - how it relates to the tax payers. The
Board has tried to plan for the financial future of the County and had hoped to reduce the tax rate but
he is concerned this will be affected by the outcome of the Courthouse litigation. He stated his past
record and has not changed his position. (2) Tourism Committee: Mr. Kendrick is resigning from
the sub-committee for personal reasons. He is still very supportive of tourism efforts for the County.
At 6:51 Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to recess for the Public Hearing.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:27 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reopened the Board of Supervisor’s meeting and called for action on the
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. 460 East Water Study: In recent discussions that David Garrett, Manager, Town of
Appomattox and Mr. Carroll have had with Campbell County and Lynchburg, it has been
explained that the alternative for water is still viable. They would appreciate a letter stating
that there is still some interest from Appomattox in this project.
Mr. Carwile feels we should keep this option open and he is supportive of this. He is supportive of
dealing with Lynchburg City but not the Campbell County Water Authority.
Mr. Moore stated he concurs with Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to have Mr. Carroll proceed with a letter stating
we are still interested in discussing this water study. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Board Appointments:
a. Board of Equalization: The Board still needs to select two (2) alternates to this Board
for training purposes. Mr. Carwile has previously suggested Ms. Anne Hunter and
Ms. Laura Krajewski.