14
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter next reviewed the INFORMATION ITEMS:
14. The Smarter Region Newsletter: February issue of this newsletter.
15. Board of Equalization: Copy of advertisement placed in the February 20" edition of the
Times Virginian announcing the hearing dates for this board.
16. Business Development Centre: Updates for this program for the months of December and
January, 2002.
17. Town of Appomattox Agenda: Agenda for Town Council’s meeting on February 11,
2002.
Mr. Carter reminded the Board members of the upcoming meeting on Monday, March 4, 2002 at
6:30 p.m.
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile requested a breakdown from the School Board, by name and position as to the
wages paid to each individual along with any special incentives received by these employees.
Would also like to have the same information on all County employees. This information will be
helpful in decisions concerning the upcoming budget.
Also under the insurance part, a breakdown of the premium that is paid by the School Board and
the County. He feels what is done for one should be done for all.
In addition, over a week ago, he visited the office to discuss an issue of discovery. This
information was received on Friday in our Board Book. His question is did any Supervisor get
this information on Friday, prior to the issuing of the Board Books. He felt he did not have
ample time to digest this information due to the time restraint. Would like to have vital
information regarding the Courthouse litigation as early as possible in the future.
Mr. Carroll informed the Board that he will call everyone if and when there is any information
received on the Courthouse issue.
At 10:15 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recess this meeting to
Wednesday, February 20, 2002 at 7:00 P.M. at the Courthouse for a Closed Session. VOTE: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.