253
must pass a resolution with the Board of Supervisors being responsible
for hiring a bond counselor.
If a new school is constructed, the following alternatives were
given as possible uses for the existing middle school building: 1)
apartments, 2) nursing home, 3) adult education, 4) office building, 5)
alternative education, 6) antique shops and 7) day care for school
employees.
Mr. Frank Carwile asked each member, of both boards present, to
state if they felt there was an immediate justified need to consider
renovation or construction for the middle school. Everyone present
stated, "Yes, there was a justified need", except Mr. William
Jamerson. Mr. Jamerson stated there was a need, but not a justified
need. He felt he could not support the total plan proposed by the
architects and could not support what we could not afford.
Mr. Torrence was very interested in level funding. Dr. Thomas
stated he had received a firm statement from personnel within the State
Department of Education that level funding was not available.
Dr. Thomas was asked to investigate the possibility of private
funding.
Mr. Jamerson stated that the members of the Board of Supervisors
would study the information given them as well as access the present
debt responsibilities of the county and inform the school board of the
amount they could afford to invest in the renovation or construction of|
the middle school.
Mr. Jamerson with agreement of the other Board members recessed)
the meeting until 7:00 P.M.
Mr. Torrence, Vice Chairman reconvened the meeting at 7:00 P.M. in a
small conference room in the School Board Administrative Building.
Present:
Mr. Dennis Torrence - Appomattox River District
Mr. Frank Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell Moore - Piney Mountain District
Absent:
Mr. W. E. "Bill" Jamerson - Courthouse District
Ms. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Torrence presented for consideration a proposed change order}
to correct erosion damage in areas E & F at the lindfill.