328
On June 5, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regular meeting
at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock- Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M. and asked Mr. Carter to give the invocation.
Mr. Moore called for the approval of the bills for the month of June, 2000.
Mr. Carter had some concerns which he discussed with Mrs. Ferguson.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve payment of the bills for the month
of June, 2000. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called Ms. Sandra Lindsay to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay meet with the Board to request a resolution to take Bell Grove Drive in Hunting Ridge
Subdivision into the State Secondary Road System.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was adopted:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of Transportation is
hereby requested to add the street description below and on the attached additions Form SR-
5(A) to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System for maintenance the following
subdivision road which has been constructed by the subdivider as a Class “A” subdivision
in accordance with the requirements of Section 33.1-229, Code of Virginia and the Virginia
Department of Transportation’s Subdivision Street requirements, TO WIT:
Hunting Ridge Subdivision
Belle Grove Drive - Beginning at a point on Route 1090, .18 mile East of Route 656 and running to
the North for a distance of .12 mile to a dead end.
Total Length: - .12 mile Right of Way - 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That this Board guarantees a minimum unrestricted 50-foot right
of way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills, and drainage together with
easements on adjacent properties.