444
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — Solid Waste Management Plan and
called for discussion.
There being no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a motion. Mr. Tanner made a
motion to adopt the Solid Waste Management Plan as submitted. Mr. Craft seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #3 —Letter of Support for Step Inc.
and explained that Sharon Harrup from STEPS Inc. is requesting that the Board write a
letter in support of an appropriation from the federal government to help replace the roof
on their facility. Chairman Conrad called for discussion from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that he was in agreement with this request.
Chairman Conrad stated that he would like to point out that this Board may need to be
concerned because we are requesting an appropriation for the water line.
Mr. Craft stated that they are just asking the Board to write a letter supporting their
request.
Mr. Craft made a motion requesting the County Administrator write a letter in support of
STEPS Inc, receiving an appropriation to help repair the roof of their facility. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no further comment, Chairman Conrad called for
a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item # 4 — Complete Count Committee and
called for discussion from the Board.
Mr, Carter stated that this is a very important tool to help the County in obtaining grants
and also help in areas of education and commerce. Mr. Carter stated that the information
given is very extensive language, but feels that it is something the Board needs to
endorse.
Mr. Craft stated that he did not feel everything that is stated in this material needs to be
done that maybe we could choose what we feel would be necessary.
Chairman Conrad stated that this information could be looked at in different ways
depending upon the county in which you live in. Some of your larger counties with a
more diverse population would certainly dictate a different approach than what we are
looking at. Mr. Conrad stated that there is always going to be a segment of the population
that does not want to be counted and we need to do all that we can to be sure that