tf
Both sites were used intermitting over a long period of time
by family members. Road frontage and land area are such that
two (2) complying lots could be created by subdividing the
property.
I now ask to be permitted to use both sites to erect mobile
homes. It seems to me this use should be permitted since the
two (2) sites were in existence and similarly used before the
Zoning Ordinance was passed.
I voluntarily proffer the following conditions:
1. The additional mobile home will be erected ona
permanent foundation.
2. The additional mobile home will only be used as a
primary residence for my daughter.
3. Should my daughter decide later to move, the
additional mobile home will be removed.
4. The mobile homes will be situated on my property
Similar to that shown on the attached sketch.
5. The mobile homes and my property will be kept ina
neat and orderly fashion.
Thank you for considering this.
Yours truly,
Wanda Daley
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. There being
no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those opposing
and in favor of the petition. There being no response, Mr.
Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition to be
considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-166 of Charles H. Phillips
seeking a Conditional Zoning Permit to allow erection of a
mobile home on his lot after he demolishes his existing home
structure. Mr. Phillip’s property is zoned R-1 and is
located on Route 691 between Route 719 and Route T691.
In a letter to the Board of Supervisors dated June 19, 1992,
Mr. Phillips proffered the following conditions should the
Conditional Zoning be granted:
1. The mobile home will only be used as my primary
residence.
2. The existing 1 1/2 story log home will be demolished
and properly disposed of prior to the erection of the
mobile home or, at least, within 60 days after the
erection of the mobile home.
3. After demolition of the log structure and erection of
the mobile home, the lot will be maintained in a neat
and orderly fashion.
4. The mobile home will be situated on the lot similar to
003