373
This is good, but can certainly be a liability problem if someone has an accident.
It is his suggestion that we require anyone that wants to do any work on any
county property, that they need to go through the Administrator's Office and get
the proper approval before repairing or modifying anything on such property.
He also advocates that a letter be sent to anyone that we are aware of that is
currently involved in this activity that nothing further is to be done on County
property without proper authorization.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, that anyone wishing to do
volunteer work on County property such as repairs and/or modifications, must
have written authority from the County Administrator before beginning such
work. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Moore had several change orders that needed to be approved for the
Courthouse Project.
1. The cost of the brick was more than the original bid. Change Order in the
amount of $5,236.66. He was under the impression that this change
order had already been approved.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the change order
for the cost of brick for the Courthouse project in the amount of $5,236.66.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent)
2. Change order for elevators: We only had heat detectors in the elevator
shafts. We are now required, by code, to have both smoke and heat
detectors at a cost of $5,293.80.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the change order
in the amount of $5,293.80 for the heat/smoke detectors in the elevator shafts.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent)
3. Change order for Shutters: The shutters for the Courthouse were ordered
on the same contract as the fiberglass cornices for the building — white.
The contract did not specify the color of the shutters. They now have to
be painted green to match the other shutters in the Courthouse Complex.
The cost of painting the shutters will be $1,515.00.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve change order in
the amount of $1,515.00 for painting the shutters. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)