324
Mr. Louis Foster of Route 2, Appomattox, VA came forward and stated he was
requesting this variance because they had acquired this property from his Grandfather’s
estate and the cabin was not completed at that time. Mr. and Mrs. Foster would like to
complete the construction at this time.
Mr.Stidham called for comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, he then read
the next petition.
#03-522 — George F. Adams: Re-zone property from A-1 Agricultural to B-1 Business
with conditional use permit for museum with existing dwelling on lot per §170-
47(A)(11). Property is located at the corner of U.S. 460 West and Rt. 600, Tax Map
#102(A)159.
Mr. George Adams of Pamplin stated he is the owner/operator of Steins Unlimited. He is
planning a 30 X 50 German type building which should be an asset to the locality. His
own personal collection starts at 1594 and would be available for viewing by the public.
He would have access for bus tours and believes this would be a great asset to county
tourism.
Mr. Earl Baker of Route 600 in Pamplin. He has been neighbors to Mr. Adams for the
last seven years. He is an outstanding neighbor and citizen.
Mr. Stidham called for further comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, he
read the next petition:
#03-523 — Courtland Realty/S.L. Ferguson, III: Re-zone from A-1 Agricultural to R-2
General Residential with conditional use permit for manufactured home park with
recreational vehicle park as accessory use per §170-40. Property is located off Rt. 26
near U. S. 460 and Town limits, Part of Tax Map #64(A)35.
Mr. Gary Warner of 1403 Churchill Road, Big Island, VA came forward. Mr. Warner
stated he wished to build a retirement community on 99 acres located behind the
shopping center on U.S. 460.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone else wished to speak for the petition.
Mr. Stidham next asked if anyone wished to speak against the petition.
Mr. David Mills, of Route 26, Appomattox, VA came forward. Mr. Mills stated he is
concerned because his residence is located across from where the access entrance will be
located. He has lived there for 18 years and he does not want property values to
decrease. He also would like to know if this will include single-wide and/or double-wide
mobile homes. Will they be for a retirement village or not? It may be classified as
retirement now but once it is passed, would we end up with another Sleepy Hollow
Trailer Park. He has nothing against anyone who may live in Sleepy Hollow Trailer
Park but he does not want to see one right in front of his residence and he feels his