457
Hearing none, Mr. Torrence called on Mr. Dennis Gragg and Mr. Franklin
Vaughan to appear before the Board to discuss the United Way of Central
Virginia.
Mr. Vaughan explained that he came before the Board representing the
Appomattox County Leadership Council. Mr. Vaughan continued by
explaining that the Leadership Council was interested in Appomattox
County becoming apart of the Central Virginia United Way. Mr. Vaughan
asked the Board to adopt a resolution requesting the United Way of
Central Virginia conduct a fund raising campaign in Appomattox County.
Mr. Vaughan then asked Mr. Dennis Gragg to provide further information
to the Board.
Mr. Gragg presented the Board with a list of groups who received
funding from the United Way last year. Mr. Gragg also provided general
information on the United Way, in the form of handouts, to the Board
members. Mr. Gragg continued by explaining the advantages and
disadvantages of membership in the United Way.
After a very informative question and answer period the Board, by
consensus, agreed to review the information provided by Mr. Vaughan and
Mr. Gragg and make a decision at the August 1994 meeting.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. Gragg and Mr. Vaughan.
Mr. Torrence next called Mr. Michael R. Smythers, Environmental Health
Manager and Ms. Karen Stevens, Department of Environmental Quality to
appear before the Board to provide information on an alternative to a
conventional septic system.
Mr. Smythers began by providing general information concerning
conventional septic tank and drainfield permits. Mr. Smythers
continued with an excellent explanation of the requirements and
disadvantages of "sand filter" septic systems.
Mr. Torrence then asked Ms. Stevens comments on this type system.
Ms. Stevens began by explaining the permitting process for obtaining a
permit to operate a sand filter system and explained that there was
very little regulatory action taken once these permits were issued.
After a lengthy discussion, the Board by consensus, asked the County
Attorney to research an ordinance prohibiting the installation of these
type systems.
Mr. Torrence then thanked and excused Mr. Smythers and Ms. Stevens, and
called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile noted that a part-time position had been approved for clean)
up on weekends at the Animal Pound, and wondered when this position
would be advertised.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the position at the pound was item #3 on
the additional items for consideration.