210
Mr. Jamerson recognized Mrs. Lee, who lives on High Street adjacent |1
the School Board Office, to appear before the Board. Mrs. I
explained that there is a large (60 to 80 feet high) pecan tree grow]
on the School Board property that poses a threat to her. She is afra
that the tree may fall on her house. She also objects to constant
cleaning up limbs and leaves from the tree. Mrs. Lee request the Boe
have the tree taken down. After discussion Mr. Torrence made a moti
seconded by Mr. Carwile to have the pecan tree behind the School Boa
Office taken down. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, nay, Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson called on Freddie Godsey, Emergency Services Coordinat
to give a report on the necessity for Emergency Planning for +t
County. Mr. Godsey went over some items that had been addressed in
Planning Course which he attended in Roanoke. After discussion t
Board by consensus agreed that Appomattox County should remain in t
Emergency Services Program.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Godsey and called Dr. Jack Thome
Superintendent of Schools, to appear before the Board. Dr. Thomas ga
a report on school activities and requested an appropriation
$325,000.00 for the month of July 1993. After discussion Mr. Torr
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate $325,000.00
the month of July 1993 to operate the schools. Vote: Mr. Jamersc
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torren¢
aye.
Dr. Thomas asked direction from the Board on the Jamerson pro
located on Routes 1002 and 727. He understands that the Board inter
to purchase this property. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Torrence to purchase the Jamerson property located on Routes 727
1002 for $60,000.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, abstain; Mrs. Beasley, a
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson called Mr. Earl Dickerson, Engineer with Hurt and Proff
and Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator, to appear bef
the Board and bring the Board up to date on landfill issues.
Dickerson began by bringing the Board up to date on the surface wat
testing program for the landfill. After a lengthy discussion the Boa
3
e
by consensus agreed to begin testing June 1, 1993.
Mr. Dickerson continued by going over the progress of construction |
Cell "I". The construction is proceeding well, Mr. Nash is doing
a
good job. Mr. Dickerson proceeded by telling the Board that in an are
approximately 1/2 to 1 acre in size, in the very upper area of t
trench, we have hit ground water. Going back over the data from 1
year the ground water was about four (4) feet lower in this area th
cosSt¢ovoOS
it is now. Mr. Dickerson would like to run a test strip prior
taking any measures to install under drains to see if this area can
sealed with clay. Construction will not be held up during this tes
process.
—
th
ctofMr. Jamerson with consensus of the Board asked Mr. Dickerson to proces
and get back to the Board with the test results.