337
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore stated that it was with regret that he was announcing the resignation of Aileen T.
Ferguson as County Administrator for Appomattox County effective immediately. Mr. Moore asked
the Board for a motion to pay Mrs. Ferguson for the remainder of the month and for leave time
accumulated.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to pay Mrs. Ferguson for the remainder of the
month and for her accumulated leave time. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore stated he would also like to make a motion that we have the State Police do an
investigation into the Mary Ann Freshwater affair, so we can make a decision based on their
findings. Today we all have our own ideas but we don’t know what is legal and what is not legal but
with an outside investigation, especially the State Police, the Board can come with the answers we
need.
Mr. Carter seconded the motion. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
A motion was made by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to hold a Public Hearing on July 3,
2000 at 6:00 P.M. to receive comments on the Proposed Ordinance Changes to the Code. VOTE:
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carroll was instructed to advertise this Public Hearing for two (2) weeks prior to July 3.
The Board of Supervisors set June 15th as the date to interview candidates for the Building &
Housing Inspector and Landfill Supervisor positions.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to restructure our organization to avoid any
potential legal conflicts in hiring a new County Attorney. Mr. Moore called for discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated that this motion is hinged on a legal issue dealing with the Commonwealth
Attorney and he cannot and will not support it.
Mr. Hancock stated he could not support this motion at this time.
Mr. Moore then called for a vote on the aforementioned motion. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, nay; Mr. Carwile, nay; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore stated that a motion had been made and carried that the Board of Supervisors hire a new
County Attorney.