684
to energy efficient improvements and renewable energy retrofits to public school buildings
making it unavailable to the County for much of its school capital program. Mr. Sanderson
stated that the new administration will reconsider this limitation to include new construction as it
is imposed at the State level and not mandated by the Federal Government. Mr. Sanderson stated
that Davenport has not assumed the availability of qualified school construction bond funding in
the school capital funding analysis. He also stated that these funds must be used in 2010 or you
will lose them unless the government extends this program.
Mr. Sanderson next discussed the equivalent tax impact of existing debt and all identified school
projects and then the equivalent tax impact of existing debt and Primary School project only.
Next Mr. Sanderson summarized Davenports observations and the current status which is the
County enjoys a relatively real estate tax rate ($.48 versus $.52 peer group average); the
County’s debt outstanding remains at or below the National averages; the debt service as a
percentage of the annual budget is well below the National averages for strong investment grade
credits; payout ratio is equal to if not better than other “A” rated peer Virginia counties and
undesignated fund balances is above 10% but still below peer Virginia counties.
Mr. Sanderson discussed some future challenges which are $73 million dollars of multiple school
needs that have been identified. The equivalent tax impact on funds all of the above referenced
projects is 27 pennies over 10 years; the initial $14 million dollar Primary Schoo! project would
require the equivalent of eight pennies over six years; and the potential use of federal stimulus
funds via qualified School Construction Bond Program would provide a significant cash flow
benefit to the County so that the above eight pemnies over six years would be reduced.
Mr. Sanderson discussed the prospective opportunities. The County has the potential for
realizing annual debt service savings with a targeted refinancing, if current interest rates persist
and roughly $11-15 million of outstanding debt is potentially refinance able — not extending
maturities, but rather exchanging higher fixed interest rates for lower fixed interest rates.
Mr. Sanderson then discussed the next steps and a timetable for Davenport to work with the
Board and County staff on these issues.
Mr, Sanderson stated that he was not asking the Board for formal action tonight, but wanted to
see if the Board wanted to continue moving forward.
Mr. Carter questioned if during this economic situation if it was the best time to be moving
forward with the bond rating? Mr. Sanderson stated that the best time is now and the FY09 audit
will be a better audit than FY2010,
Mr. Craft asked when the study would be complete.