1
On Monday, June 4, 2004, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russel! H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie E. Roark - County Planner
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Barry Watkins — Maintenance Supervisor
At 6:30 Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to give the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
There are two (2) items to be added to the Agenda:
6A. Renovation and Repairs to County Buildings.
6B. Proposed Increase in Conviction Fees.
Mr. Carter the called for CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
James Almond, 6063 Red House Road, Appomattox, Va. — He is opposed to the
re-zoning request by Charles Sowers and Shelia A. Goodman to re-zone property from
R-1 to A-1 in order to place three (3) mobile homes on said property.
Mr. Carter then called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-6)
Mr. Carter turned the meeting over to Mr. Roark for the Planning Commission
Recommendations:
1, Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
submitted their recommendations from the May 21, 2007 Public Hearing
regarding Petitions and Ordinance Changes.
CUP97001 — Grace Hills Baptist Church, 4320 Pumping Station Road
(Route 691) Conditional Use permit to operate a day care center on the
property in addition to the current use as a church. 7.57 acres, zoned
Residential R-2, Tax Map #'s 63(A) 42, 63(A)161 and 162.
Planning Commission recommends approval of this petition as submitted.