381
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
BY:
Aileen T. Ferguson
County Administrator
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4A. Courthouse Portraits: Ms. Ferguson stated that when we moved into the new
Courthouse, the portraits that had been on display in the old Courtroom were left in the
old abandoned building. They have been there ever since that time. She wrote Judge
Blanton a letter explaining that now that the bugs had been worked out of the new
building and things were moving along very well, we would begin to hang these
portraits along the corridor walls in the new Courthouse as discussed previously. He has
informed Ms. Ferguson that we need to provide him with a listing of the various portraits
and where we hoped to hang them. He would then present them to Circuit Court
Judges for approval. Ms. Ferguson will be working with Ms. Williams, Clerk to the Circuit
Court regarding a listing of the portraits, the position that they held and presenting to
Judge Blanton a list of where they feel various portraits should be placed. We will be
awaiting his approval before we proceed with the actual hanging of these portraits.
Previously, we had a policy that the portraits of Commissioners and Judges
would be placed in the office or courtroom in which the individual served. Obviously,
this is no longer in effect. Ms. Ferguson feels that if these portraits are not going to be
placed in the new courthouse building, that they should be offered back to the family
members or individuals who originally donated the portraits.
4B. Proposed Region 2000 Hazard Mitigation Plan: Having held a public
hearing on this plan, the Board needs to adopt this Hazard Mitigation Plan.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt
the following:
RESOLUTION
Adoption of the Region 2000
All Hazards Mitigation Plan/Floor Mitigation Assistance Plan
WHEREAS, the Disaster Mitigation Act of 2000, as amended, requires that local
governments develop and adopt natural hazard mitigation plans in order to receive certain
federal assistance, and
WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Steering Committee representing Appomattox County, as
well as the remaining 10 localities of the Region 2000 Regional Commission was
convened in order to study the Region’s risks from and vulnerability to natural hazards,