311
December 1993. Mr. Carwile made a motion, seconded by Mrs. Beasley, ¢
appropriate an additional $60.00 to the Registrar’s budget,so that he
part-time employee could receive a 3% increase effective Decembe!
1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
=eTy O
Mr. Jamerson next told the other Board members that Sheriff Richards
was requesting permission to apply for a grant for additional personne
to help out in problem areas of the County. This grant would requit
funding from the County as well as requiring the County to hire th
personnel covered under the grant at the end of the grant period.
s—0—O-
oor s
After discussion, the Board by consensus, agreed that they did not hay
enough information to take action on this item.
1)
Being no further business, and with consensus of the other Board
members, Mr. Jamerson adjourned the meeting until November 22, 1993 at
3:00 P.M. in the Department of Transportation, Residency Office, for|a
work session on the Six-Year Plan for Secondary Roads.
———,
Dewan
Chairman,
\
A work session of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
at 3:00 p.m. November 22, 1993 at the Virginia Department of
Transportation Residency Office, Ferguson Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox District
Also Present:
"Gus" Paulette - Supervisor Elect
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mrs. Sandra Lindsey, Resident Engineer, welcomed the Board members and
handed out draft copies of the Proposed Six-Year Plan for the Secondary
Road System. Mrs. Lindsey then asked Mr. Don Austion, Assistant
Resident Engineer, to go over the draft with the Board.
Mr. Austin began by going over the priority list for secondary roads
maintenance and repair. Mr. Austin reported on the projects that were
presently top priority on the list and gave the status of each project.