310
Mr. Jamerson informed the other Board members that he had received
call from Ms. Laura McClenny requesting him to meet with Mr. Jog
Plath, Acting District Director for Extension, to discuss the vacan
positions in the Appomattox County Extension Office.
Mr. Jamerson and Mrs. Ferguson met with Mr. Plath and Mrs. McClenny al
were told that extension was planning to move ahead with filling t
n
h
Agriculture Agent Position immediately. Mr. Plath said that h
hunderstood this was the position requested to be filled first by t
Board.
Mr. Plath and Mrs. McClenny requested a Board member be appointed t
serve on the interview panel for the Agriculture Agent position.
Mr. Jamerson appointed Mrs. Beasley to serve on this interview panel.
Mr. Plath, also, proposed that Appomattox County share a Home Economid
position with Charlotte County on a 50/50 basis. He explained tha
there was no possibility of getting a full time Home Economics Agen
here.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore, that Appomatt
County share a Home Economics Agent position with Charlotte County on
50/50 basis. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwil
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
re!0
The minutes of the public hearing of October 5, 1993 and the regul
reaoooatrn
meeting of October 12, 1993 were presented for consideration.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion, seconded by Mr. Torrence
to approve minutes of the October 5, 1993 public hearing and th
October 12, 1993 regular meeting with the following corrections: In th
public hearing minutes: McDearmon should be McDermott; Mt. Shilo
(Historical landmark) should be Old Concord; The minutes of the regul
meeting: The motion to allow Commissioner of Revenue to send two peopl
to a computer workshop, Mr. Moore voted aye; in the statement by
Jamerson concerning the Code of Conduct it should read, Mr. Jamersi
began by stating that he had not read the Code of Conduct but.... Vo
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, a
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board, by consensus, agreed that the minutes dated May 24, 19
should not be included in the Minute book due to the fact that
were actually minutes of the May 21, 1993 meeting which had alr
been approved.
Mr. Jamerson next presented a request for an appropriation from
Animal Warden. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
appropriate $380.00 from unappropriated surplus to purchase two (2)
traps and two (2) cat traps. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasl
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented a request from the Registrar for additio al
funds to enable her to give her part-time employee a 3% increase jin
~Goo OR TO O-~oS<<Ww