Ofe
tractor, tools, etc. Further, Mr. Almond stated he hired a
surveyor to determine the 100 year flood elevation which was
only about one (1) foot above ground. Mr. Almond intends the
shed to be built on stilts about five (5) feet high. Mr.
Almond related that during the flood of 1985, the water in
the area where the shed is to be built was fairly still and
not rushing.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Almond where his well and septic system
were located. Mr. Almond replied he had no intentions for a
well or septic system since the shed was only to be used for
storage and the land only used for farming.
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone else wished to address petition
92-181. Hearing no response and being no further petitions
to consider, Mr. Jamerson declared the Public Hearing closed
at 8:24 P.M., but held the Board of Supervisors in session to
consider other business.
Mr. Rice presented a draft resolution for consideration
stating a proposed selection procedure to be followed to
select an insurance agent and insurance company for the
County’s Casualty Insurance. Also, Mr. Rice furnished a copy
of the statue governing the selection process and a copy of
the proposed specifications.
Mr. Rice next furnished each Board member a history of the
County’s past years contributions to the Appomattox County
Rescue Squad as requested at a previous meeting.
Being no further business, Mrs. Beasley made a motion at 8:47
P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence to adjourn until 7:00 P.M.
November 5, 1992. Vote: Mr. vaver He aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; “Torrence, aye.
Fi a
—
)
The Joint meeting and Public Hearing of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox County Board of Zoning
Appeals, and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was
held November 4, 1992 in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mt. District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Present (Board of Zoning Appeals):
William Turner
Jessee Hancock
Bruce Drinkard