178
WHEREAS, it is the consensus of the membership of the Regional Commission that the
accepted practice of the Central Virginia localities continuing to utilize their local taxing
authority to raise local revenues to subsidize programs that are clearly obligations of the
Commonwealth cannot be continued.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the localities of the Central V irginia
area unanimously agree that the continuing utilization of existing local financial
resources and/or new revenues raised through increased taxation at the local level to
subsidize State responsible programs is no longer acceptable.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the localities of the Central Virginia area will not
absorb any financial shortfalls o f the Commonwealth at the local level unless there is
documented evidence that the local government is unable to perform its constitutional
responsibilities to its respective community or there is visible support from the majority
of the local constituency for the reuse of local tax dollars or an increase in local taxation
to support these programs.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
The next item on the agenda is a closed session. However, due to the fact that the
Planning Commission is still meeting in the Jury Room, the Board will proceed with item
2 of the Administrative items.
Mr. Carter next presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
2. Transfer of School Property: At the last meeting on October 28, 2002, the
Board questioned whether the school needed the full 60 acres surrounding the
new elementary school. The parcel in question has been committed as collateral
on the VPSA bonds issued for the building project. It is recommended that the
Board take the necessary action to transfer this property.
There was some discussion concerning the transfer of this property. Some of this
property is considered swampy and basically unusable. Also has the school projected any
use for the remainder of this property.
The Board by consensus tabled this item until the next meeting.
3. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
recommended that the Board approve the following petitions:
02-509 — Shirley D. Wheeler, Dean S. Hamilton, Frank R. Brina and others: Re-zone
properties from R-1 Residential to R-2 General Residential with conditions proffered per
§170-8 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Properties are located on Rt. 644
between Rt. 727 and Dead End, Tax Map #s 88(7)A, B, C, D, D1, F, G1, H, AND I.