275
Aye: 5
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Nay: 0
Abstentions: 0
Signed this 15" day of May, 2003.
By:
Clerk, Board of Supervisors
Mr. Slagle next called for a motion from the IDA regarding the Resolution
Authorizing the financing for the Courthouse Project.
Mr. Walter Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Wooldridge that the
Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION OF THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
OF THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia (the “Board of
Supervisors”) directed Davenport & Company, LLC (the "Financial Advisor") to prepare a
Request for Proposals (the "RFP") to obtain financing plans to (i) pay the costs of the acquisition,
design, construction and equipping of a new County Courthouse (the “Courthouse Project”) and
(ii) to refund the Industrial Development Authority of the County of Appomattox, Virginia (the
“Authority”) outstanding lease revenue bonds, series 1998 (the “Outstanding 1998 Bonds”);
WHEREAS, the Financial Advisor has received responses to the RFP that reflect attractive
financing for the Courthouse Project and significant savings in debt service to the Authority from
refunding of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds, and, after reviewing the responses, the Financial
Advisor along with the Authority's Bond Counsel, Sands Anderson Marks & Miller ("Bond
Counsel") has recommended that the Authority select the proposal from Central National Bank
(the "Central National Bank Proposal");
WHEREAS, the Authority has reviewed each of the responses and recommendations from the
Financial Advisor and Bond Counsel and has determined that the Central National Bank Proposal
is the most beneficial response to the RFP and provides attractive financing terms for the
Courthouse Project and significant savings to the Authority from refunding of the Outstanding
1998 Bonds and the Authority desires to accept such Central National Bank Proposal and proceed
with the financing reflected therein;
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has requested the Industrial Development Authority of the
County of Appomattox, Virginia (the “Authority”) (a) to issue, offer and sell its lease revenue
note or bond in an approximate amount of $5,290,000 (the “Series A Note”) to finance the
acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project and (b) to issue, offer