032
Mr. Carter stated the procedure for addressing comments to the Board and then asked Mr.
Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning Commission to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-389 of Precision Bed Rail Manufacturing for a
conditional use permit to operate a wood component manufacturing facility in existing
building. Property is located on Business 460 between Prices Lane and Church Street
and is zoned Industrial use M-1.
Mr. Carter called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Garet Bosiger came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 378, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Bosiger continued that he and his wife ran a woodworking business in
Keysville, Virginia that makes wood components for the furniture industry. Mr. Bosiger
stated that they have formed a partnership to locate a factory in Appomattox that would
make bed rails. Mr. Bosiger continued that they hoped to employee from 50 to 100
people in the Appomattox plant. Mr. Bosiger said that he has presented his application
for this type business to the Department of Environmental Quality and expected a
favorable reply. Mr. Bosiger thanked the Board for their consideration.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-390 of David W. Mills for a conditional use permit
for home occupation (welding shop) in accessory building. Property is Tax Map #64B-2-
40 located on Route 26 between Route 678 and Route 677. Property is zoned R-1.
Mr. Carter asked for comments on this petition.
Mr. David W. Mills came forward and gave his address as Route 4 Box 679,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Mills stated that he was just trying to get a conditional use
permit to have a welding shop at his home. Mr. Mills continued that he had been doing
welding for fourteen years and he was certified. Mr. Mills stated that he would like to be
able to do this at his home and that if it got to be a big business he would move it
elsewhere. Mr. Mills stated that as a homeowner he is presently doing this work at his
home for his friends and neighbors.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Gehad Natour came forward and gave his address as Route 6 Box 660, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Natour began that he lives across the street from Mr. Mills and that Mr.
Mills shop is right across from his livingroom. Mr. Natour explained that his main
concern with this operation was the damaging bright light that was caused when Mr.
Mills was welding. Mr. Natour stated that he has children and was very concerned with
the damage that may be caused to their eyesight if this operation were allowed. Mr.