125
5. Porter House Resolution: VDOT has requested the Board approve a revised resolution
regarding Porter House Road being added to the state secondary road system. The Board has
previously approved a similar resolution.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the following resolution adding
Porter House Road to the state secondary road system:
PORTER HOUSE ROAD - RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the street described below was established prior to July 1, 1949, has provided
continuous public service since its establishment, and is now deemed to provide sufficient public
service to warrant its addition as part of the secondary system of state highways,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Board requests the following street be added to
the secondary system of state highways, pursuant to Section 33.1-229, Code of Virginia and the
Rural Addition Policy of the Virginia Department of Transportation:
Name of Street: Porter House Road
From: Route 669
To: 0.82 mile east of Route 669
Length: 0.82 mile
Guaranteed Right-of-Way Width: 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board guarantees a clear and unrestricted right-of-way, as
described, and any necessary easements for cuts, fills and drainage, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED this Board requests the Virginia Department of Transportation to
improve the street to prescribed minimum standards, pursuant to the rural addition policy of the
Commonwealth Transportation Board.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution be forwarded to the
Resident Engineer of the Virginia Department of Transportation.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
6. Proposed Ordinance: On July 15, 2002, the Board held a public hearing to receive comments
from the public concerning the proposed Amendment to Chapter 141, Subdivision of Land. Add
new ยง 141-7(E), Family member exception subdivisions. No comments were received.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the proposed
Amendment to Chapter 141, Subdivision of Land. Add new Section 141-7(E), Family member
exception subdivisions. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.