592
Mr. Conrad informed the members that at the Furnishings Committee meeting on
June 29", they were presented with the color schemes for the new courthouse.
The first floor will have a base green color and the second floor will be blue. The
original cost of all the furnishings for the courthouse was $200,000.00. There is
a change order necessary for moving items from the Clerk’s Office, plus adding
three sections to the high-density files, adding two sections to the Deed Book
files and electrostatic paint for everything that will be moved to the new
courthouse. This somehow was not included in the original contract. This will
increase the total furnishings cost to about $250,000. This change order is for
about $49,697.00. There will probably be incidentals that may be needed, such
as calculators, etc. The Furnishings Committee feels this change order is
necessary.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approve the change order
for the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office Equipment in the amount of $49,697.00,
bringing the new total for Courthouse Furnishings to $250,000.00. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
c. Commonwealth's Attorney Rail: The Commonwealth Attorney has
requested a rail be constructed in his office similar to the ones in the
courtroom with a remote release electric strike.
Mr. Conrad stated that this was also discussed at the last meeting of the
Furnishings Committee. Based upon that fact that the Commonwealth’s Attorney
office sometimes has irate people who come into his office after hearings and he
would like his secretary to have time to let him know that someone is there to
see him. They did not feel this rail would serve the purpose stated and did not
recommend this change order.
9. Proposed Ordinance: Proposed ordinance to assign a utility tax to
cell phones. County Attorney has reviewed and suggested changes.
Need to set a date for a Public Hearing.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the changes had been made and the ordinance is now
ready for a public hearing.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to hold a public hearing on
August 16, 2004 regarding the proposed ordinance to assign a utility tax to cell
phones. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)