610
for us other than erode our customer base. Chairman Conrad stated that he is willing to go along
with what this Board wants to do, but if we meet one more time that this be the very last time.
Mr. Craft stated that the growth of Appomattox is going to be up Route 460.
Mr. Tanner stated that no one on this Board would agree to any type of boundary adjustment on
Route 460 and he does not think this is slowing down the process he is in agreement in meeting
with them one more time to clarify any concerns, but not to make any changes.
Chairman Conrad stated that we are allowing the Town to do a disservice to our citizens.
Mr. Carter stated that at this meeting it will be prudent to have invited guest such as Mr.
Dickerson, Mr. Dameron, Mr. Roark, for clarifications of issues of concem, he feels that these
people can help us to clarify and answer any questions that may arise.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he feels that the Board needs to find out the Towns position on this
issue and then set up a meeting with the mentioned people to clarify any unanswered questions.
Mr. Carter stated that we need to check with those three mentioned parties and see if they are
able to attend.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board needs to set a date to meet with the Town and then call Mike
Dameron to see if he can attend.
It was consensus of the Board to set a meeting with Town Council Tuesday, September 1" at
6:00 p.m. at the Community Center because of capacity.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7 — Library Board Appointment and explained
that there is a vacancy on the Library Board representing the Falling River District. Chairman
Conrad stated that he has a name and feels that they will serve in this capacity; however, he
would like to check with them to make sure before actually appointing them to the Board.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would put this on the next meeting agenda.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #8 - MOU with School Board of Adult
Education Program Location and explained that they have been provided with a Memorandum
of Understanding between Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and Appomattox County
Public Schools concerning the physical location of Adult Education Program which has been
approved and executed by the School Board. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is requesting the
Board to review the MOU and take an appropriate action. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
between
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
and
APPOMATTOX COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS