317|]
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mrs. Carter to close the landfill one half a day
on the Saturday following Thanksgiving.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve closing the landfill on
the Saturday following Thanksgiving. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented the Appomattox County Section 125 Plan for approval.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the Section 125 Plan, as
presented. (Copy on file in the County Administrator’s Office.) Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the price for the proposed purchase of a new truck. The cost as
presented was $225,000.00.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette stated Mr. Garrett should go to the Town to request
funding for this vehicle and then come back to the Board.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Brunswick County for a resolution asking the
1998 Virginia General Assembly to revisit and amend the “Right to Farm” legislation.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the 1994 Virginia General Assembly duly adopted revisions to
Section 3.1-22.28 (Right to farm; restrictive ordinances); and,
WHEREAS, local governments throughout Virginia support the intent and
purpose of such legislation which was originally promoted as means to protect and
enhance agricultural land uses in agriculturally zoned areas; and
WHEREAS, the recent practical experience of local governments in Southside and
Central Virginia finds that such legislation has significantly eroded or completely
removed their ability to make local land use decisions; and
WHEREAS, there exists a very real prospect that a significant number of large-
scale, intensive hog breeding and finishing operations will be developed in Southside and
Central Virginia; and,