405
A. (Amended 4-10-1981; 5-8-1991; 4-13-1984; 1-2-1996) Taxation of the dwelling owned by
and occupied as the sole dwelling of any person or persons who are elderly or permanently and
totally disabled in accordance with the definitions cited above, and provided that the head of the
household occupying the dwelling and owning title or partial title thereto has been a resident of
Appomattox County for at least one (1) year prior to December 31 of the taxable year for which
the request is made, is hereby exempted subject to the following restrictions and conditions:
(1) The total combined income during the immediately preceding calendar year from all
sources of the owners of the dwelling living therein and of the owners’ relatives living in the
dwelling does not exceed (fifteen thousand ($15,000.), provided that the first(Six thousand five
hundred ($6,500.) of income of each relative, other than spouse, of the owner or owners who is
living in the dwelling shall not be included in such total.
The purpose of this change is to give some tax relief to those who are not really able to pay.
This change raises the income level from $12,000 to $15,000.
Mr. Moore called for comments.
Mrs. Nina Beasley asked for the definition of Elderly.
Mr. Carroll stated the Commissioner of Revenue would be better able to answer this question.
There is a form to be filled out at the time you request this exemption.
Mr. Moore called for additional comments.
Hearing none Mr. Moore closed the Public Hearing at 6:12 P.M.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
omattox C i a)and a Public Hearing at 6-00 a ounty Board Of Supervisors held it’s regular meeting
. in the AjCourt Street, Appomattox, Va, Ppomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square>
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain DistrictJerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
5At 6:12 P.M. following the Public Hearing, Mr. :
to order and asked Mr. Kendrick to give tl soe allel the Board ShSupervisors Meetinghe invocation.