448
Mr. Carter cannot add any more to what the others have said. He would like to thank
the IDA for coming tonight and presenting factual information to the public. This has
been quite an ongoing experience and without a doubt in his mind he can fully support
it.
Mr. Craft asked what we were going to do about the misinformation. Some people are
still talking about the James River option. He is in favor of the PSA if the taxpayers do
not have to pay for it.
After further discussion Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad , to support
the moving forward with the negotiation process with Campbell County and the Town of
Appomattox for the laying of the 460 water line and for the formation of a PSA. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, nay; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes —
1 nay) ;
The next item for discussion is the Health Insurance Premium Rate effective October 1,
2006.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board that the Insurance Rates actually decreased this year.
There has been some discussion concerning the ability of maintaining the same
premium and putting that additional money aside because we are confident that next
year the rates will increase dramatically. After considerable discussion, we have
determined that the better avenue ‘was. be to go ahead and reduce the rates, which
would make the county’s contribution towards the employees premium $307.92 vs
$334.84 you are paying now.
At 8:03 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 8:08 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting and stated the next item for discussion
was Office space for the County Administration Office.
Ms. Ferguson said that this had been talked about for some time and she has drawn a
little sketch if anyone wishes to look at it. All of us have understood that our office need
to move upstairs where we can have use of the entire upper floor in our present
building. She will be talking with Mr. Overstreet, concerning an architectural firm that
would come in and draw up the plans for the demolition work that needs to be done and
also draw up basic changes that will need to be incorporated upstairs in order for it to
work for us. We would then move forward with getting a contractor. At one point, we
had a figure of around $12,000.00. That was just a general figure that did not include
doing anything to the bathroom facilities. She would estimate it would cost around
$20,000.00. She just wanted to bring everyone up to date and hopefully, in a few
months we could move upstairs.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)