116
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow either Mrs. Ferguson or
Mr. Carroll to vote Appomattox County’s proxy at VACo’s Annual Conference. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then went over the information items in the Board Book.
Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a personnel and
legal matter under Section 2.1-344.
At 8:07 P.M. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session to discuss a personnel and legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:35 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for action from the executive session.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked if there was any other business that needed to be acted
on?
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to stay with the Central Piedmont
Private Industry Council for administrative services related to the Workforce Investment
Act. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.