303
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a recessed meeting on Tuesday, April 25, 2000
at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox,
Va. 24522.
Present: Mr. Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Mr. Jesse Hancock- Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M.
Mr. Samuel Carter gave the invocation.
Mr. Chris St. John requested to speak to the Board. Mr. St. John stated “I need to say my piece. I
have been outraged by the decisions and proposals of this Board.” He feels the Board should vote
the will of the people. The tax hike is not necessary, not a 45% increase. He realizes the Board has
been bombarded by people with what needs to be done. Mr. St. John wants to further education.
Some things can be put on hold. The biggest problem with the tax increase is a result of poor
planning. Decisions are being made by the elite few money people in the County. He wished the
Board would vote the will of all the people. He voted for one member, who has already lied to him.
Mr. St. John asks the Board to rethink their ideas.
Mr. St. John thanked the board of giving him the opportunity to speak to them.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. St. John.
Mr. Moore stated the purpose of this meeting was to discuss the budget
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board members with a Supplemental Appropriation handout for
information and review.
Discussion followed on the School Budget.
The State Government more or less mandates what the County has to supply to the School Budget.
Discussion on taxes, expenditures and revenues.
Mr. Moore questioned 3202 - Fire Department.
Mrs. Ferguson informed him it was the payment on the Fire Truck.
Mrs. Ferguson asked for clarification on Revenue changes to see if the Board was in line with these
issues.