302
Mr. Overstreet explained that the Code of Virginia says that in a locality that has district
courts, that there shall be Magistrates appointed for those areas. The district courts are
the General District and Juvenile Courts. The Code also says that the Chief Judge of a
Circuit may appoint a Chief Magistrate (not shall but may). In this letter, it sets out where
the Circuit and District Courts are. There are several counties. His reading of the Code is
that we are required to provide space for Magistrates. It is silent on Chief Magistrates.
Because the Code says “may be appointed” he questions our authority to fund them. He
suggests that he write the Chief Magistrate telling him that in reviewing those statutes he
does not see any authority for us to fund this. If he can provide any authority, Mr.
Overstreet will bring it back to the Board for consideration.
The Board by consensus, agreed to have Mr. Overstreet write a letter to the Chief
Magistrate asking for the statutes that state we have to provide this space.
7. Community Park Rules: Ms. Dixon has provided rules for the new Community
Park for review, comment and approval.
THE PARK IS OPEN FROM SUNRISE TO SUNSET
PARK RULES
e Alcoholic beverages or other controlled substances are prohibited.
e No trespassing after posted park hours
e No pets allowed in park
e The amplification of music, speeches, or any other sound audible
beyond 50’ is prohibited
e The use of vulgar language or profanity will not be tolerated
e Motorized vehicles must park in designated parking areas only
e No littering or glass containers allowed
e Nocamping or open fires permitted
e No vehicle can be left in park after posted hours
e No ATV's or four wheelers allowed in park
e The destruction of any park property is strictly forbidden
ALL PARK RULES WILL BE ENFORCED
VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED
FOR INFORMATION REGARDING SPECIAL USE PERMITS, PLEASE CONTACT
THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY PARKS AND RECREATION DEPARTMENT
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board that Sheriff Staples and others have reviewed these
rules and feel Ms. Dixon has covered everything necessary for the safe usage of the
park.
Mr. Armbrust questioned the amplification of music, speeches, or any other sound
audible beyond 50’ if prohibited. He does not feel we should lock ourselves into a 50’
distance.
Ms. Ferguson will have Ms. Dixon look into the 50’ sound ruling and get back with the
Board at a later date.