323
Mr. Craft stated that most localities are going with the option #2 which is the option
Appomattox has chosen.
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt option #2 in which the County would make a
reimbursement payment directly to the Commonwealth for all of the localities reductions.
Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft then called for a roll call vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye: Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4-Music or Entertainment Festival
Permit and called for discussion by the Board.
Chairman Craft stated that this event has provided money to some good causes.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the application for a music festival to be held by
Ken and Bonnie Swanson on August 30" from 11:00 A.M. — 8: P.M. and to waive the
bond requirement. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #5 - Request to Waive Fee for Use of
Courtland Field and called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the request to waive the $100.00 rental fee for
Liberty Baptist Church. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no other
discussion Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Minutes
Approval of Bills
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATION
The Building Official is requesting a supplemental by consent and appropriation of
$354.18 to 3401-5411 Books in the Building Officials’ budget for reimbursements
received for Code Books.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda as submitted. Mr. Moore
seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Craft called for a Roll
Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented the information items and called for discussion.
A letter of resignation was received from Mr. Chad E. Millner, from the Appomattox
County Planning Commission, effective immediately. Mr. Millner, upon resignation, has