470
of the organization and allow the use of two trade names.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 37.1-194 et. Seq. Of the Code of Virginia (Chapter 10 of Title
37.1), the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, and Campbell and the Cities of Bedford and
Lynchburg adopted a Charter Agreement dated June 15, 1970, establishing a Chapter 10 Board to
provide certain mental health and mental retardation services in the Counties of Amherst,
Appomattox, Bedford, and Campbell and the Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg.
WHEREAS, Section 1 of the Charter Agreement provided that the name of the Organization was
“Community Mental Health and Mental Retardation Services Board of Central Virginia”.
WHEREAS, subsequent to the establishment of this Chapter 10 Board, the services to be provided
included not only mental health and mental retardation services but also drug treatment services.
WHEREAS, the Chapter 10 Board has, for a long period of time, traded under the shortened name
“Central Virginia Community Services Board”, and/or “Central Virginia Community Services”, and
now desires to formally change its name to Central Virginia Community Services Board. Further,
it wishes to have the ability to use the names, and/or to operate certain of its programs and/or
subdivisions using the name of Central Virginia Community Services and/or the name OneSource
CSB.
WHEREAS, the name of the organization can be amended by adoption by the Boards of Supervisors
of the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, and Campbell and the City Councils for the
Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg of a resolution amending Section 1 of the Charter Agreement.
BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that Section 1 of the June 15, 1970 Charter Agreement is
amended in its entirety to be as follows:
“Section 1. Name of the Organization shall be Central Virginia Community
Services Board. Central Virginia Community Services Board, its programs,
and its subdivisions may, as determined by its board, trade under the names
Central Virginia Community Services and/or OneSource CSB.”
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
5. Administrator’s Update: Mr. Carroll asked if the Board had any questions regarding any
item in this report.
Mr. Carter had some questions regarding the display of art work in the County Offices
representing local artists.
Mr. Carwile questioned the additional amount of foot traffic that this art display may create,
and if it would result in disrupting the work of the office.
By consensus, the Board agreed to try this arrangement on a trial basis.