056
that was not necessary. Mr. Drinkard asked the Board to look into renovation prior to
voting.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Milton Chambers to appear before the Board.
Mr. Chambers came forward and gave his address as Route 3 Box 410, Appomattox. Mr.
Chambers explained that he was the President of the Appomattox County Assembly, Inc.
Mr. Chambers explained that he felt that everyone in the room would agree that the
children come first. Mr. Chambers reminded the Board that the citizens voted on a
referendum in 1994 to renovate the Appomattox Middle School. Mr. Chambers asked if
the people that are against renovating the Carver-Price school were saying that the tax
paying people are wrong? Mr. Chambers continued that people, both black and white,
want to preserve the historical value and add a new addition. Mr. Chambers asked the
Board to please separate what are State mandates from what the committee wants. Mr.
Chambers in closing read a poem that was read at Mozella Price’s funeral.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mrs. Renee Hoffman to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Hoffman began that she has come before the Board many times over the last few
years with her concerns for the children. Mrs. Hoffman continued that two of her
children have attended this elementary school. Mrs. Hoffman expressed her concerns
with the present building and site. Mrs. Hoffman explained that she is not in favor of
renovating the elementary school. Mrs. Hoffman continued that she felt there were a lot
of uses for the present building that would benefit the community. Mrs. Hoffman asked
the Board to look to the future and not try to piecemeal these buildings.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Shana Canada to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Canada gave her address as Chestnut Drive, Appomattox. Mrs. Canada explained
that she has two little girls that will be attending school in Appomattox and she is
concerned with the school atmosphere. Mrs. Canada expressed that with the cost as close
as they are between renovation and new construction she did not understand why the
Board was still considering renovation. Mrs. Canada expressed that safety issues were a
real concern for her. In closing Mrs. Canada asked the Board to be sensitive to all the
needs and listen to God and prayerfully make the decision.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Ms. Renee Scott to come before the Board.
Ms. Scott came forward and gave her address as Route 2, Gladstone. Mrs. Scott
explained that as a parent of three boys she has spent a lot of time in the school. Mrs.
Scott explained that she has picked her children up many times around lunchtime when
the heat was just intolerable. Mrs. Scott continued that she was concerned with safety of
the children during renovation. Mrs. Scott stated that she did not feel that the learning
environment was going to be conducive for education if the children had to deal with
renovation. Mrs. Scott stated that she did not feel that this was an election issue. Mrs.