179
I withdraw my application 93-195 for a variance to the County Zoni
Ordinance pertaining to the requirements for site plans for mobile home
parks. .
I have decided not to pursue this at this time.
Yours truly,
John H. Ranson, Jr.
Being no further business Mr. Torrence declared the Public Hearing
concluded at 7:49 P.M.
~,,
\
Edge Tens
ice Chairman
A Special recessed meeting and budget work session was held by ee
1
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors May 4, 1993 at 8:10 P.M. in
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginid
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District (late)
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District (late)
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Vice Chairman Torrence, called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Ric
to review the status of the Summer Youth Employment Program. Mr. Ric
reported the County has received an "Intent to Award" a grant from
Central Piedmont Private Industry Council for $69,142.10 which wi
provide 34 six (6) week jobs for qualified youth within Appomatt
County as well as Educational Enrichment for ten (10), occupation
training for five (5), and preemployment and work maturity traini
Mr. Rice also reported Mr. Tommy Terry had been selected as Chi
Counselor, Bill Hogan as Senior Counselor, David Wenger as Counselo
and Annette Delahay as certified teacher. Mr. Terry and Mr. Hogan
to begin working May 5, 1993.
After meeting with the Planning Commission, Mr. Jamerson and Mr. Moo
joined the recessed Board meting, Mr. Jamerson assumed the presidi
chair, and asked Mr. Al Sears, Chairman of the Planning Commission
had also joined the meeting, for a recommendation on petition 93-1
regarding the Mabel C. Moore property. Mr. Sears reported the Planni
Commission recommended the Board approve the petition and rezone th
property from Environmental Hazard (EH) to Agricultural (A-1). Afte
hh]
ry