91
There were no changes to the agenda at this time.
Mr. Carter then called for CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENTS PERIOD: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
There was no one present that wished to speak.
Mr. Carter then called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: CUP07006 -— James W.
Kennon Auto Sales for a Conditional Use Permit for property located on the
south side of Richmond Highway between Phoebe Pond Road and Stratford
Road, The proposed use for the property is automotive sales and service.
At the Board of Supervisors meeting held on September 4, 2007 action on this
petition was tabled and staff was requested to get with VDOT and find out what
they would approve as far as a buffer of trees along Phoebe Pond road. The
Board also requested that staff also identify the area that they feel should be
blacktopped.
Mr. Kennon has provided written comments concerning the conditions proposed
by the Board at the meeting of September 4, 2007.
Also, staff has been to the site and met with VDOT. Staff will have
recommendations at meeting.
Recommendation: _ Staff recommends considering the comments from Mr.
Kennon and Johnnie Roark and then making a decision 0 CUP07006.
Mr. Roark provided a packet of Alternatives for Approval of Conditional Use Permit.
Alternative #1. The Board of Supervisors may follow the recommendation of the
Planning Commission and approve the conditional use permit with the following
condition:
(1) A buffer shall be placed along Phoebe Pond Road starting from the entrance
and heading west to a point parallel to the rear of the building. The buffer
shall consist of Leyland Cypress evergreen trees planted 20 foot on center.
Alternative #2. The Board of Supervisors may approve the conditional use permit with
the following conditions:
(1) A buffer shall be placed along Phoebe Pond Road from the western corner of
the southeastern corner. The buffer shall contain Leyland Cypress trees
planted every fifteen (15) feet on center (approximately 56 trees). Planting
shall be a minimum of ten (10) feet tall at the time of planting. Required
plantings shall remain alive and in good condition in perpetuity.
(2) All areas to be used for the display and/or storage of automobiles and all
customer parking areas shal! be paved with an asphalt surface.