9.
B. The DEPARTMENT will:
1.
2.
Procurement Act and other applicable statutes and regulations. Such preliminary
engineering services shall be considered an eligible project cost. Project cost
incurred or project services contracted prior to April 15, 1999 will not be
considered eligible for reimbursement from the Industrial, Airport, and Rail
Access Fund allocation.
. Provide the DEPARTMENT with an appropriate bond or other acceptable surety
device, not to exceed $350,000 and terminating on or after May 15, 2002. Such
surety device shall provide for reimbursement to the DEPARTMENT of any
expenses incurred by the Industrial, Airport, and Rail Access Fund in this
project’s construction not justified by eligible industrial capital outlay by eligible
industry or industries served by the project as of April 15, 2002. Pursuant to
contingency 2.e. of the Commonwealth Transportation Board’s resolution of
April 15, 1999, eligibility of the industry or industries, the amount of eligible
industrial capital outlay, and the extent of the project’s eligibility for industrial
access funds shall be as determined by the DEPARTMENT. The basis for this
determination shall be the application of the DEPARTMENT’S policy and its
usual practices for administering the Industrial Access Fund, based on
documentary evidence submitted by the COUNTY. Reimbursement to the
DEPARTMENT, if required, shall be made prior to termination of the surety
device, upon demand. This surety device may be released at an earlier date
subject to the DEPARTMENT’S receipt of suitable documentation that the
location and eligible capital outlay of qualified industrial development
constructed or under contact along said projects warrants the industrial access
funds expended on this project’s construction.
Maintain accurate records of all project costs in a form satisfactory to the
DEPARTMENT and make such records available for audit by the
DEPARTMENT upon request.
Request reimbursement from the DEPARTMENT for the actual cost of the
project’s eligible items, to the extent herein provided, after the provision of the
required surety and upon the presentation of appropriate certification and billing.
Provide the requisite $50,000 in matching funds, as set forth in the
Commonwealth Transportation Board’s resolution of April 15, 1999, from funds
other than those administered by the DEPARTMENT.
Bear all eligible costs in excess of $350,000 and any ineligible costs.
Provide for project advertisement, contract administration, construction and
maintenance of Project 0751-006-206,N501 as described above in paragraph A.4.
Authorize expenditure of the Industrial, Airport and Rail Access Fund allocation,
in accordance with and subject to the limitations and contingencies of the
Commonwealth Transportation Board’s resolution of April 15, 1999, for the cost
of the project’s eligible items and related construction engineering activities.
Upon receipt of certification and billing by the COUNTY, reimburse the
COUNTY for actual eligible costs incurred subsequent to the approval of the
project’s allocation by the Commonwealth Transportation Board. Such
reimbursement shall be subject to the limitations prescribed by the