221
WHEREAS, the collective input and guidance from all Federal, State, and local
homeland security partners has been, and will continue to be, vital to the development,
effective implementation and utilization of a comprehensive NIMS;
WHEREAS, it is necessary and desirable that all Federal, State, and local emergency
agencies and personnel coordinate their efforts to effectively and efficiently provide the
highest levels of incident management;
WHEREAS, to facilitate the most efficient and effective incident management it is
critical that Federal, State, and local organizations utilize standardized terminology,
standardized organizational structures, interoperable communications, consolidated
action plans, unified command structures, uniform personnel qualification standards,
uniform standards for planning, training, and exercising, comprehensive resource
management, and designated incident facilities during emergencies or disasters;
WHEREAS, the NIMS standardized procedures for managing _ personnel,
communications, facilities and resources will improve the county’s ability to utilize
federal funding to enhance local agency readiness, maintain first responder safety, and
streamline incident management processes,
WHEREAS, the Incident Command System components of NIMS are already an
integral part of various city/county incident management activities, including current
emergency management training programs; and
WHEREAS, the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks (9-11 Commission)
recommended adoption of a standardized Incident Command System;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED by the Board of Supervisors
of Appomattox County, Virginia, that the National Management System (NIMS) is
established as the Appomattox County standard for incident management.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called Ms. Alice Rockefeller, Landfill Supervisor: Ms. Rockefeller is
requesting that the Board adopt a resolution formally adopting the Solid Waste
Management Plan for Appomattox County, the Town of Appomattox and Pamplin City.
Also, the Board needs to approve the Supplement to the Solid Waste Management Plan
that addresses our Recycling Action Plan. (See Board File)
Ms. Rockefeller explained why the County needs to address this issue. This plan which
was first called to the Board’s attention in June of 2004, includes the Recycle Actions as
to what you plan to do, and what you are doing now, and how you plan to meet the
25% mandated recycle rate. In order to get the Solid Waste Management Plan
approved, we need to have the 25% recycle rate or this Recycle Action Plan. DEQ is
currently approving plans because they see that we are saying we don’t have our 25%