656
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the recommendation t hat t he
proposed changes be made to Section 170-23 of the Zoning Ordinance as proposed. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2; Planning Commission Recommendations:
2a. Petition 01-491 - Lee Marshall - Conditional Use Permit to operate auto repair shop
per §170-34 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt.
615 between Route 686 and Route 616, Tax Map #19(2)3, and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Petition 01-491 - Lee Marshall for a
conditional use permit to operate an auto repair shop subject to conditions proffered by Mr. Marshall
in addition to the following conditions:
Hours of operation are limited to 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. weekdays
Conditional use p ermit shall lapse in the event that Mr. Marshall sells the property or
business.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. Mr. Hancock not
present.
2b. Request for Subdivision plat waiver: Mr. Thomas Wynn has requested a waiver to
the subdivision ordinance for a family members.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to honor the request by Mr. Wynn to waive the
subdivision ordinance for a family member exception lots must have direct and exclusive right-of-
way to a state road. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye. Mr. Hancock not present.
2c. A-1 Intensive Livestock Ordinance: Revision to Intensive Facilities With Two or
More Livestock Types, Section 170-132 - Lot area and yard requirements.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to support the recommendation that a public
hearing be scheduled to receive comments on this revision to the Intensive Livestock Ordinance as
proposed. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. Mr.
Hancock not present.
2d. M-2 Planned Industrial Park District: The Appomattox County Industrial
Development Authority has requested changing the “M-2" designation for the
planned industrial park district to “M-IP” as M-2 generally refers to heavy industrial
districts and this could be confusing to potential park prospects. This change does not
require a public hearing.
After some discussion Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the Planning
Commission recommendation to change the Zoning Name Change from “M-2" to “M-IP” for the
industrial park as requested by the I.D.A. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. Mr. Hancock not present.
3. Biosolids Meeting: The Planning Commission suggests that the Board of Supervisors and the