607
our region and throughout the entire United States. Ms. Behrens stated that on January 1, 2006,
the first of America’s nearly 77 million baby boomers turned sixty. Ms. Behrens stated that by
year 2030, Americans age 55 and older will number 107.6 million or 31 percent of the
population, those 65 and older will account for 20 percent of the total population and will exceed
the number of people ages 19 years and younger.
Ms. Behrens stated that this population shift will impact every aspect of our lives. She stated
that businesses, local governments, retirement systems and health care will be affected. Ms.
Behrens stated that we will see an aging workforce and an increased need for resources for older
adults and their caregivers.
Ms. Behrens stated that because of this a legislative summit is being planned on aging for Region
2000 with a date to be determined which they are hoping to be November 20", 2009. Being
invited are experts all over the state to join and share their knowledge and strategies for
addressing this population shift head on. Ms. Behrens stated that the Board is invited to attend
this summit and once the date has been confirmed an invitation will be sent.
Ms. Behrens also offered their assistance as this population shift is being experienced in this area
and are willing to serve on advisory committees and provide statistical information related to
aging. Ms. Behrens stated that they would also be able to provide how other localities are
handling the population shift. Ms. Behrens stated that please do not hesitate to give them a call
for assistance.
Ms. Behrens stated that November 20 is the target date for the legislative summit on Aging and
Senator Jim Webb will be present at the summit.
Ms. Behrens called for questions or comments from the Board.
Chairman Conrad thanked Ms. Behrens for her comments.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #land #2 — Adoption of Proposed Amendments
to Subdivision and Zoning Ordinance and stated that the Board had just held a public hearing on
proposed amendments to the Subdivision Ordinance and now need to take action on these
amendments.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad gave a brief explanation of the amendments that were heard at the public
hearing.
Mr. Craft stated that he was in agreement with the amendments as presented.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the proposed amendments as presented to the Subdivision
Ordinance with the omission of item C. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.