418
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Peterson next requested an appropriation from the landfill bond
account in the amount of $2,660.00 for the month of May, 1994.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appropriate
$2,660.00 from the landfill bond account for the month of May 1994 to
pay Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Peterson presented quotes for a horizontal baler for the Board’s
review. After discussion, this matter was tabled until a later date.
Being nothing further for Mr. Peterson, Mr. Torrence thanked and
excused him.
Mr. Torrence introduced the next item for discussion, the appointment
of an Industrial Site Review Committee. After discussion, the Board,
by consensus, agreed to suggest to Appomattox Town Council the
following people: James A. Smith, Walter Hancock, Doug Webb, Wayne
Lewis and Philip Paulette.
Mr. Torrence next presented a request from the Town of Pamplin for a
Musical or Entertainment Permit to hold their annual founders’ day and
street dance on May 21, 1994.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to approve the permit
for the Town of Pamplin to hold a founders day celebration and street
dance on May 21, 1994 and waive bond and fee requirements. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented a request from Spout Spring Ruritan Club for a
special bingo permit for June 4, 1994.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve June 4, 1994
as a special bingo day for Spout Spring Ruritan Club. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.