320
At 6:04 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order.
Ms. Ferguson stated the purpose of this work session was to discuss possible uses for
the old elementary school and presented an overview of what has been discussed up to
this point.
The members of the Management Team consist of a representative from the Carver-
Price Museum, Central Virginia Community College, Workforce Investment, Virginia
Employment Commission, Historical Park Service, School Board and Town of
Appomattox. This team has decided what they feel should be done at the old
elementary school.
Mr. Spencer presented an overview of the school, along with floor plan layouts. He also
explained the floor plan, the room plans and organizations that will be utilizing space in
the building.
Ms. Ferguson asked if anyone had any questions.
Mr. Carter questioned the School Board offices, will this be enough space for them?
Ms. Ferguson feels this is more than needed at the present. This will provide enough
space to move all the School Board offices and still have some extra rooms. The School
Board does not want to hinder this project, but would love to have this additional space.
This would aide in future growth. Social Services could use the Courtland Building for
another 20 years. This makes good sense and gives us the opportunity to grow. Ms.
Ferguson discussed the meeting room potential and cost estimates (nothing fancy). The
roof is the main project. There is also some cosmetic work needed. There is no public
address system at the present time.
Ms. Ferguson, speaking as a citizen, said this meets the needs of all - career
development as well as Central Virginia Community College, which will aid all of our
citizens.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Armbrust both suggested selling the Alternative Education building to
aid in purchasing mobile units for the schools. This is just a thought, if we have need in
the future for mobile units.
Ms. Ferguson stated that moving the school program, Alternative Education and Head
Start will not really aid in the lack of space. Maybe we need to hear from Dr. Krug.
Mr. Armbrust wanted to know if the School Board would still use the maintenance
building and if they would continue to cut the grass on the new projects.
Ms. Ferguson answered, yes they will.
Mr. Carter asked for a clarification on Distance Learning and Satellite Learning.