300
Ms. Lindsey reported to Mr. Carwile on the Route 608 complaint from tht
October meeting. Mr. Austin has not corrected the problem but intend!
to groove the problem area within the next two weeks.
mo
Ms. Lindsey informed the Board that Mr. Ramey wished to talk with thi
Board concerning the Route 26 project. She will notify Mrs. Ferguso
if Mr. Ramey wishes time on the agenda in December.
S—-0.
Ms. Beasley asked Ms. Lindsey if she has received any word concerning
the road into the Route 604 transfer site.
Ms. Lindsey stated that she should know something definite by Thursday
but saw no problem.
Mr. Moore informed the Board that he has contacted the property owner
on Route 656 that live out of state concerning the right-of-way an
they still refuse to sign.
THrant
Ms. Lindsey told the Board that Virginia Department of Transportatiar
would look at constructing the project up to this point.
Mr. Torrence asked Ms. Lindsey if Virginia Department of Transportatia
could condemn this property.
iaral
Ms. Lindsey answered that Virginia Department of Transportation cou]
not but the Board could condemn this property.
The Board asked Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, to check into what's
necessary for condemnation of property for road improvements.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey and called Mr. Tommy
Lawson, County Attorney to appear before the Board.
Mr. Lawson began by explaining that he wished to discuss a lawsuit
against Appomattox County along with several other counties brought hy
Norfolk/Southern Railway concerning tax assessment. Mr. Lawsc
reminded the Board that he discussed this with them approximately
year ago but was not prepared at that time to offer a solution
Recently, Mr. Lawson was contacted by Norfolk/Southern concerning
reimbursement of the taxes that were overpaid in 1988 and 1989. Afte
researching this matter, Mr. Lawson feels that the County should mak
arrangements to reimburse these monies. After discussion, Mr. carwil
made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Mr. Lawson to try t
negotiate reimbursement for one-half to be paid in July 1994 and
one-half in July 1995. If this is not agreeable with Norfolk/Southery
Mr. Lawson is to suggest one-half payback in July 1994 and one-half in
January 1995. VOTE: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
aS< ctQ¥O-0-&
Mr. Lawson next presented information requested by the Board concerning
property owned by Mr. Steve Lawson adjacent to the jail. Mr. Lawson
says that the County could lease a 50’ x 150’ parcel for $120.00 to
$125.00 per month, to use for parking, if they so wished.