221
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr!
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to hire Jeffrey Lym
Marks as soon as possible, for the position of Animal Warden. Vote
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, ave!
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked for discussion on compensation for the Emergen
Services Coordinator. After discussion a motion was made by Mr
Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore to pay annual compensation of $1500.00 t
the Emergency Services Coordinator for FY94. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson brought up the Town’s donation to the Library. Th
donation was increased from $3500.00 for FY93 to $5000.00 for FY94.
consensus the Board authorized Mr. Rice to add the $1500.00 additiona
money to the Library budget for FY94.
Mr. Jamerson informed the Board that action was necessary to end th
emergency declared due to the June 5th storm. Mr. Torrence made
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to notify the Governor that an
emergency situation no longer exists in Appomattox County. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented several appropriation requests. Mrs. Beasley
made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $47,411.25 to
make a scheduled debt service payment on the landfill Bond. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence next made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$2620.36 to make scheduled payment on the Marshall Building. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye}
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
Executive Session to discuss personnel. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley, seconded by Mr. Torrence, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr