115
c. a Bond Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2005 among the Authority, the County and the
Bank, pursuant to which the Bond is to be issued (the “Bond Purchase Agreement”);
d. an Assignment Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2005 between the Authority and the Bank,
assigning to the Bank certain of the Authority’s rights under the Lease Agreement and the Ground
Lease, which is to be acknowledged and consented to by the County (the “Assignment
Agreement”); and
e. a Specimen Bond.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox,
Virginia:
1. All costs and expenses in connection with the undertaking of the acquisition, design, construction,
renovation, expansion, equipping and furnishing of the Projects and the issuance of the Bond
including the Authority’s expenses, the fees and expenses of the County and the County Attorney,
and the fees and expenses of Bond Counsel and the Bank, for the sale of the Bond, shall be paid
from the proceeds therefrom or other funds of the County. If for any reason the Bond is not issued,
it is understood that all such expenses shall be paid by the County and that the Authority shall
have no responsibility therefor.
2. The Board of Supervisors hereby instructs the Bond Counsel to take all such action as necessary
or appropriate to conclude the financing with the Bank as set forth in the Bond Purchase
Agreement by the issuance of the Bond of the Authority.
3. The following plan for financing the costs of the Projects is approved. The Authority shall use the
proceeds from the issuance of the Bond to finance on behalf of the County, the costs of the
acquisition, design, construction, renovation, expansion, equipping and furnishing of the Projects
for lease to the County for a lease term not less than the term of the Bond at a rent sufficient to pay
when due the interest and principal on the Bond. The obligation of the Authority to pay principal
and interest on the Bond will be limited to rent payments received from the County under the
Lease Agreement. The obligation of the County to pay rent under the Lease Agreement will be
subject to the Board of Supervisors of the County making annual appropriations for such purpose.