475
the Board.
Mr. Craft stated that the only way to do this is to have her get a petition for that particular
subdivision.
Chairman Conrad stated that there would be homes bordering that particular subdivision
that could still burn which is not eliminating the problem. Chairman Conrad stated that he
is a believer in land owner rights.
It was the consensus of the Board to take no action.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #11 — Special Meeting and explained
that Alice Rockefeller is moving along with the fencing and manning of the convenience
centers in Appomattox County and during this process several issues have arisen that
require the Board’s consideration. Staff is recommending scheduling a special meeting
from 6:00 — 7:00 on March 23, 2009 in the County Administration Conference Room to
discuss these issues with Alice prior to the joint meeting with the School Board.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to schedule the special meeting at 6:00 p.m. on March 23,
2009 at the County Administration Conference Room. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s
motion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there are two items that need to be identified to schedule a
special meeting. Those two items are the logistics and operations of convenience centers
and to go over bids opened on development of convenience sites.
Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #12 — Citizen Request for Dialysis
Center and explained that he had received this request that the Board support a request
for a dialysis center to be provided in Appomattox County. Chairman Conrad asked Ms.
Ferguson to write to the named persons on the letter and get their thoughts on this
request, and once received report back to the board.
Mr. Tanner stated that this dialysis center would cut down on travel time and cost to these
patients. Mr. Tanner stated that he feels it would be worth looking into this request.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #12A ~ Gladstone Volunteer Fire
Department Board of Directors.
Mr. Moore stated that Mr. John Gilbert has agreed to serve in this capacity.
Mr. Moore made a motion to appoint Mr. John Gilbert to serve on the Gladstone
Volunteer Fire Department Board of Directors. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Moore’s