672
On Monday, November 15, 2004, at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held a public hearing, on the Disposal of the old Oakville School Property, in
Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office, located on Linden Street,
Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas E. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRSENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
J. Overstreet, County Attorney
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the public hearing and read the following statement:
“This public hearing will be held in accordance with the Code of Virginia §15.2-1800 —
Purchase, sale, etc. of real property.
a. Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will be taking comments on
disposing of Tax Map Parcel 27 (A) 83 which consists of 2.14 acres. The
property is located at the intersection of State Routes 26 and 608.
b. Also, demolition of existing structure located on parcel 27(A)83.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone had any comments on this issue:
Mr. Jimmy Burcher, Route 4, Box 504, Appomattox, Va. — He lives in the vicinity
of the property in question. The Oakville School is very dear to him because he
attended elementary school there and he has some very fond memories of the time
spent there. Over the years the neglect of the building has caused much deterioration
and he is favor of this property being sold and placed back on the tax books. With a
little improvement, this property would be very suitable for business or maybe even
residential property. Mr. Burcher stated he feels the county has enough property to
suit its needs for the present future and it would be better to clear up the two wells, the
underground fuel tank, the old septic system, and any other hazards that may exist on
the property.
Mr. Carter called for further comments. Hearing none, Mr. Carter closed the public
hearing at 6:07 p.m.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman