140
There were no comments at this time.
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda: ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Region 2000 Fire Investigation Agreement: The City of Lynchburg is
trying to establish a regional arson task force and has provided an agreement
between the Region 2000 localities for your approval. Bobby Wingfield and Ms.
Ferguson have been researching this proposal and feel that it will be beneficial! to
Appomattox County.
Staff recommends entering into the agreement with the Region 2000 localities.
There were some questions regarding the necessity of this agreement. Ms. Ferguson
explained that we have been working with the agreement for a number of years.
However, the agreement has recently been revamped. She further explained that this
agreement is very beneficial to the County.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to enter into the following agreement
with the City of Lynchburg and the 2000 Region 2000 localities:
REGION 2000 FIRE INVESTIGATION AGREEMENT
This agreement made and dated the 5" day of November, 2007, by and between the County of Amherst, the County of
Appomattox, the County of Bedford, the County of Campbell, the City of Bedford and the City of Lynchburg.
WITNESSETH
WHEREAS, Section 15.2-1726 of the Code of Virginia authorizes any locality to enter into a reciprocal agreement with
any other locality for cooperation in the furnishing of police services; and,
WHEREAS, it Is the desire of the parties hereto to enter in a reciprocal agreement in accordance with the provisions of
Section 15.2-1726, and any successor statute of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of establishing the Region 2000 Fire
Investigation Task Force to cooperate with one another in the furnishing of police services for solving arson cases within
the Region 2000 area: and,
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual benefits to be derived from this reciprocal agreement, the
parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
i. The purpose of this Agreement is to provide a structured framework and adequate resources to investigate
large or suspicious fires and explosions. It is also the intent of the parties to work in mutual cooperation towards
prevention of and delivery of specialized training regarding fire, and explosions. —_It is also the parties’ intent to provide
resources to pursue and expend grant and contribution monies for the expressed use of the Task Force as its discretion.
2. The mutual assistance authorized by this Agreement will be administered by an Executive Council, the
membership of which will be comprised of one representative from each of the jurisdictions participating in the
Agreement. The governing body of each jurisdiction will appoint a representative to serve on the Executive Council. The
purpose of the Executive Council is to:
a) Establish a Mutual Aid Plan for the investigation of fires, including specific provisions for
administration of mutual assistance; and
b) Supervise implementation of the Plan; and
9) Report data and information of effectiveness of the Plan to Department Heads and other officials.
3. A Chairperson will be appointed by the Executive Council. The duties of the Chairperson are as follows:
a) To monitor compliance with the Plan;
b) To be responsible for compiling and reporting activities with regard to the Plan.
¢) To maintain a list of all member jurisdictions and resources available with regard to the plan,
4. The parties agree to provide assistance, when available to each other without charge. All parties shall provide
the following support and equipment for use by its employees upon request, when available, to the parties of this
Agreement.