450
Mr. Carter stated that what had really got his attention was the Chairman of the Board of
Supervisors for King George stated that this distribution site was really good for Virginia
State Route 3 and here we are in Appomattox County, located on the longest road in
Virginia, Route 460, which travels from one end of the state to the other and we are
continuing to miss these golden opportunities.
Mr. Tanner stated that today during the interview process for the engineering services for
the waterline, the process was valuable and it was the consensus that they had come out
feeling that we are doing the right thing and he would like to say that the door is not shut
to the Town of Appomattox and they can enter and partner with the County at anytime, as
this waterline will benefit everyone in the County and the Town.
Mr. Tamner explained that Mr. Conrad and he had traveled to Lynchburg to attend a
meeting to hear Congressman Perriello speak. Mr. Tanner stated that after the meeting
they had an opportunity to speak with him and expressed it would be much appreciated
by Appomattox County for any help that he could give, and Congressman Perriello was
very positive about this request.
Chairman Conrad stated that he had one thing for Supervisor Concerns and it was how
the Board wished to run future meetings. While he was attending the Board Chairs
Institute there was discussion that Boards following the Roberts Rules of Order for small
Boards do not have to have a second on motions. Chairman Conrad stated that
Appomattox County has always utilized the second but he wanted to bring this to the
Boards attention.
Chairman Conrad stated that there are advantages to using this process and also
disadvantages. Chairman Conrad stated that he would like the Board to consider this and
have Ms. Ferguson put this on the Agenda for the next meeting for the Board, to take a
vote on how they wished to proceed with future board meetings.
Chairman Conrad next asked for an opinion from County Attorney Overstreet.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board has chosen the Robert Rules of Order for Small
Boards and that does allow for a motion without a second. Mr. Overstreet stated that he
agrees it does not hurt anything having a second however it is not necessary and that it
also allows the Chairman to make motions. Mr. Overstreet stated that is up to the
discretion of the Board on how they want to conduct their meetings.
Chairman Conrad asked the Board to consider this and determine how they would like to
have their future meetings run.
Chairman Conrad next presented the upcoming meetings.
MARCH CALENDAR
March 2, 2009 @ 6:30 P.M.
Regular Meeting