=
one of the eleven (11) people involved in wanting to have biosolids put on his land. She would
like to know if he reclused himself from any discussion or decision making on any ordinances
having to do with biosolids.
Dr. Siano continued by saying that the citizens of Appomattox County are being held hostage by
eleven (11) cattle farmers, a trucking company whose sole involvement is profit, by the County
Board of Supervisors who have moved at a snail’s pace to act upon recommendations by the
citizens and the Planning Commission that delayed addressing this issue until it was too late to
pass anything that would have any teeth in it. Most citizens of Appomattox have the knowledge
to distinguish between “fools gold” and the real thing. This free fertilizer is just that, “fools
gold”. The materials and information not given to the public at the meeting at the Spout Spring
Ruritan Building in January will result in grave consequences for many Appomattox County
citizens. The assets each of us have worked for, our homes, our property, your family, your very
health and your personal wealth, can and will vanish quickly when someone in your family
comes down with an illness caused by these wet biosolids. Dr. Siano insists that we join Louisa
County in their suit against biosolids and that the Board immediately name a local county
resident to inspect and test all biosolids that come into the County. Do not let Appomattox
become the septic tank of the South. She is asking the Board of Supervisors to not allow
biosolids to be spread here.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Ray Wingfield, Route 711, Appomattox, Va.
Mr. Wingfield handed out a copy of a new ordinance proposal. This proposed change included a
statement that all biosolids used in Appomattox County be direct soil injection. Personally he
does not want to see any biosolids in the County, but since this is a State mandated policy, our
sources are limited. Direct soil inject is one which he believes would be acceptable to the courts
should this issue go that far. It reduces odors, runoff and vectors. This method is now being
used in Florida under Florida Code # 62-640, requiring that all biosolids be injected. It is listed
in the Virginia Supreme Court’s opinion of 1/12/Olas cited in Virginia State Board of Health
12VAC-5-585-10 Regulations, page 1. Mr. Wingfield also quoted from the EPA’s Report from
the Office of Inspector General’s Audit Report on Biosolids Management and Enforcement, page
2.
In closing Mr. Wingfield read a paragraph from the Virginia Supreme Courts opinion on Amelia
County’s Ban on Biosolids of 1/12/01) “But the mere fact that the state, in the exercise of the
police power, has made certain regulations, does not prohibit a municipality from exacting
additional requirements”. It then states that as long as the requirements in themselves are not
unreasonable, both will stand. A direct soil injection would be an additional and reasonable
requirements.
The next person to speak was Lee Munsick, Piney Ridge, Route 1, Pamplin, Va.