692
the newer ones are cold and unreadable. I am glad you decided to rescind this decision and let the
citizens have a say. The citizens put you in office, trusting you to make wise decisions in matters
for all. This has not been a good one. She has a list of over 100 names of persons who want to
keep the old signs. Please keep the old signs.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Stamul €. Coky
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, February 4, 2002, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regular
scheduled meeting at 7:00 p.m. following a public hearing. The meeting was held at the
Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ABSENT: Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
(Arrived at 6:33 P.M.)
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
Lee Byrd - Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Dan Siegel - Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Kendrick to give the
invocation.
Mr. Carter called David Neumeyer, Rhonda Knight and Renae Patrick of the Virginia Legal
Aisds Society regarding their request to meet with the Board concerning the services that they are
currently providing to Appomattox County Citizens and their request for funding consideration
in the FY 2002-03 budget.
Ms. Knight gave a brief statement of the Virginia Legal Aid Society’s purpose and mission.
Who they are and what they do and also the type of cases they handle for the citizens of
Appomattox County. Their mission statement is to resolve serious legal problems of low income
people, to promote economic and family stability, to reduce poverty thru effective legal
assistance and to champion equal justice. They are a non-profit law firm that provides free legal
information, advice and representation in civil cases to low income individuals and families.