304
Chairman Craft next presented the Information Items.
When Chairman Craft presented Information Item #25 — Police Payments Town of Appomattox- Ms.
Ferguson stated that she would be getting with the Board at a later date and discussing the proposed
reductions from the State that had already been discussed during budget time.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the money received from the State is going to continue to be less each year and
she has talked with the Sheriff some about this. Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board has indicated that it
may be that the Sheriff would not be able fill a position when he has a retiree for the Town position, but
she will be discussing this with the Sheriff in greater depth and the Board at a later date.
Chairman Craft next presented the monthly department reports.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Ms. Scott will be leaving in September of this year. Ms. Ferguson stated that we
hope to get someone on Board for her to train at least a week or so since this job has such demands. Ms.
Ferguson stated that she would be discussing this with the Board again.
Chairman Craft next called for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Tanner sated that he would like to say thank you to the Board members that have voted for the land
use ordinance, but he also wanted to let Mr. Carter know that he understands his concerns within the
Town.
Mr. Carter stated that on Morton Lane there are a grove of trees hanging in the middle of the road and
when we received some precipitation it could be a hazard.
Ms. Ferguson questioned who owned the land. It was believed to belong to Mr. Mayberry.
Mr. Carter stated that he would speak with him about this.
Chairman Craft next presented the upcoming meetings and called for any further discussion that the
Board may have.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adjourn the meeting at 7:35 p.m.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjourned at 7:35 p.m.
tA 2,
A
William H. Craft, Chairman