19
the authority and in most cases the County Administrator is the other
representative with the Assistant Administrator as the alternate.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, The Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority Service Agreement dated November 10, 1994,
as amended, states that members of the Authority Board (other than sheriffs) shall be appointed
by the governing body; and ‘
WHEREAS, Appomattox County will become a member of this Authority as of July 1, 2007; and
WHEREAS, the governing body of each jurisdiction has been requested by the Authority to
appoint a member and an alternate for a term commencing July 1, 2007 and ending June 30,
2010.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County that
Aileen T. Ferguson is hereby appointed as a member of the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority and
John K. Spencer, Jr. is appointed as the alternate for such member, each for a term commencing
July 1, 2007 and ending June 30, 2010.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the above resolution
appointing Aileen T. Ferguson, as a member of the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority
and John K. Spencer, Jr. as the alternate for such member, each for a term commencing
July 1, 2007 and ending June 30, 2010. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Possible Workforce Investment Area Consolidations: We have received a
letter from Gov. Kaine seeking comments on possible Workforce Investment Area
realignments in order to reduce program costs. The Region 2000 Workforce
Investment Board serves Appomattox, Amherst, Bedford and Campbell counties
and the City of Bedford & Lynchburg. The agency has worked hard to become a
model WIB and has provided us a list of accomplishments to justify why its
geographic service boundaries should not be changed.
Recommendation is to write a letter to Governor Kaine to keep the boundaries of
the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board as they now exist.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to write a letter to Governor Kaine
requesting that the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board boundaries remain as
they are and should not be changed. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Public Hearing to Amend the rthouse Security Fee: On June 4, 2007
the Board agreed to hold a public hearing to amend the Courthouse Security Fee
on June 18, 2007 at 6:00 p.m. We were unable to get the public notice to the
newspaper in time to hold the public hearing on the 18", so it is suggested this
be re-scheduled for July 2TM, at 6:15 p.m.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to hold a public hearing on July 2,
2007 at 6:15 p.m. to receive comments on amending the Courthouse Security Fee.