644
At 6:15 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to exit the closed session and
return to the regular session. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick then read the following certification:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A.7 of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of a legal matter.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick invited Mr. Bill Coalson, Tri-County Appraisers and Mr. Clayton Martin, Board of
Assessors to address the Board regarding the current reassessment.
Mr. Coalson started out by giving clarification of the process of the reassessment. Reassessment is
mandated by the State every four or six years. The reassessment is a means of equalization of values
and is based on what similar houses in the area have been selling for. Different parts of the counties
have different values on the real estate market. Things change over a period of six years, not just
characteristics of properties but the market itself may change. Land sells for different prices in
different locations. One part of the county may appreciate more than another. Some land still has
timber while other have been cut over.
The first step in reassessing is a sales study where a number of homes and land sells are reviewed
and set into rates for that area. Then the assessor physically visits each piece of property to ascertain
exact conditions of the property. The previous assessment and percentages are not looked at for
purposes of determining this re-assessment.
Ifno one was at home, the assessor left a blue door hanger on the residence requesting the occupant
to send information to the office. Approximately 60% of those left were returned. Land itself is not
walked. After the assessor does his work, Mr. Coalson reviews the property cards and the Board of
Assessors also reviews the property to insure equality.
Mr. Coalson has received approximately 450 calls from people complaining about the large increase
in reassessed value. He stated if property increased by a large percentage, then the property was
under assessed the last time.
Several Board members had questions and Mr. Coalson attempted to answer each one.