615
Mr. Carter then read a letter from Mr. John Dowling into the record:
"To Appomattox Board of Supervisors dated March 12, 2007
I will not be able to attend the planned meeting this week to discuss the Land
use program due to being out of the area. If a Land use program is setup
Properly and good management controls are use to follow the program it will
meet the desired goals without causing undue stress on the existing tax
structure. When I lived in North Carolina a similar program worked well in the
county, providing relief for the land owners/farmers without over stressing the
other taxpayers.
From the information that has been published recently it appears that Monty
Mays strongly supports the program and has spent considerable time in putting a
County plan together. The minimum requirements of land acreage and income
from the use of the land are a good start but should the income level be set
higher. The reduction of the assessment values for the land to $700.00/acre
appear to be too low and should be left at the current assessment. If the figures
that are being published regarding new land values at $2-2500.00/acre are
correct, the reduction to $700.00 is not warranted. Leaving the present
assessment will provide the land owner/farmer a substantial tax savings while
causing a minimum burden for the remainder of the taxpayers.
A minimum length of time for participation in the program (five years) before
land could be sold should be incorporated as well as penalties. Sale of land prior
to meeting the minimum time requirements would result in a penalty equal to
the full tax assessment for the period that the land was in the program. I dont
know how much latitude the County has in setting up the program but an option
might be to give the land owner the ability to include a percentage of the land
which would still give them the ability to sell the land not in the program without
incurring the penalty.
Thank you for letting me voice some thoughts on the Land use program. I
believe that if the Program is properly set-up and follow-up management is used,
this program will work to help all taxpayers and along with planning and zoning
will help manage County growth.
Sincerely,
John Dowling
P.O. Box 2153
Appomattox, VA 24522”
Mr. Carter stated that the first person on the sign-up sheet was Mr. Monte Mays.
Commissioner of Revenue, Appomattox County:
Mr. Mays began by thanking the Board for allowing him to speak. He stood by and
watched our garment industry go overseas and he also stood back and watched our
furniture business go overseas and he is not standing back and watching our farming
industry disappear. This is why he notified the farmers on September 27, 2005 at a
public hearing about the tremendous increases in land values in Appomattox County.