549
Chairman Conrad next called for other citizens who would like to speak that did not sign in.
Hearing no other citizen comments, Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#1- “Watch
for Children” sign and explained that Mr. Tanner had received a request to have a “Watch for
Children” sign installed on Route 755. Chairman Conrad called for comments from the Board.
Mr. Tanner stated that this request is off of Lyle Thomas Road and there are a lot of families
with small children who live in that area.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the “Watch for Children” sign to be installed on Route
755 and allow transportation funds to be used to purchase the signs.
Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none
he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#2 —- Appomattox County Chamber of
Commerce Request. Chairman Conrad explained that the Chamber is planning to hold their
annual “2009 Ember Festival and BBQ Cook-off Competition” on October 3, 2009 in Courtland
Field and they are requesting that the Board waive the $100 per day fee for this event. Chairman
Conrad called for comment:
Ms. Ferguson stated that this is a normal request and she understands the funds go back into the
community to help with community projects. Chairman Conrad called for other comments,
hearing none; Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the request to allow the Chamber of
Commerce to hold their annual “Ember Fest & BBQ Cook-Off Competition” and also to waive
the $100 per day fee for this event. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item#3 — The Archaeological Conservancy and
explained that a letter had been received from Andy Stout, Eastern Regional Director for the
Archaeological Conservancy requesting that he be granted real estate tax exemption for the
Pamplin Pipe Factory property. Chairman Conrad also explained that the Conservancy is not
one of the groups that the Legislature has exempted by designation in the Code of Virginia;
therefore in order for them to be exempt the Board of Supervisors must pass an ordinance
granting this exemption. Chairman Conrad explained that in the past the Board has chosen not to
become involved with these issues by making this type designation and gave Walter Gum Manor
as an example. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Overstreet explained that in 2004 he had provided the Board with a memo explaining the
legislature changing on the tax exemption status by designation. Mr. Overstreet explained that in
previous years the Code required the Board to hold a public hearing and make a recommendation
to the state legislature and then state legislature would add the organization by designation and in
2003 the state handed this back over to the local government. Mr. Overstreet stated that in 2004
other counties developed policies on how to handle this while the Code of Virginia gives you a
list of things to consider. Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board at that time made the decision to