480
their non-profit organizations, but she is not sure what their procedure is. Ms. Rockefeller stated that she
wants the Board to tell her what they want her to do at the Appomattox County Landfill.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the County has always paid this by accepting the trash at no cost, Ms.
Rockefeller stated that we have no control on what they will be taking to the Regional Landfill and when
we were accepting it at Appomattox County we only accepted trash from our County.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that some of these businesses that were exempt from paying in Appomattox also
have businesses in Lynchburg and other counties and we have no way of knowing where the waste comes
from and may end of paying for it for another county.
Ms. Rockefeller explained that Appomattox County Landfill is still accepting recycle materials, since the
closure, from area businesses.
Mr. Carter asked if the County charges churches and Ms. Rockefeller stated that we do charge churches
the same as a business.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the only two businesses that do not pay are Gleaning for the World and the
Salvation Army, because they had come before the Board and requested that they be exempt from these
fees.
After lengthy discussion from the Board, Mr. Carter made a motion to eliminate waiving fees and instruct
Gleaning for the World to carry their waste to the Regional Landfill and to continue bringing their recycle
to the Appomattox County Landfill and to treat Salvation Army as all other businesses and have them
carry their waste to the Regional Landfill. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no further
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson to send out letters with instructions according to the approved motion.
Chairman Conrad next stated that Ms. Rockefeller needs guidance from the Board on how they would
like her to handle brush and wood at the landfill now that it is closed.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the landfill has always accepted wood and they would contract someone to
come and grind it and then haul.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the landfill accepts an elite amount of wood and will not accept treated,
painted or pressed wood due to state regulations. Ms. Rockefeller stated that on March 1, 2009 when they
closed the landfill they also stopped accepting wood and brush since it is unclear to citizens as to what is
acceptable.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that a box will be at the landfill and also at each site for wood and then we will
haul to Lynchburg so there would be no questions as to where it needed to go, since in the last year the
price to haul this has become astronomical. Ms. Rockefeller stated that the region has now contracted out
chipping for a reasonable price and we are members of the region so we can get the contractor to come to
Appomattox County for the same price as for Regional Landfill. Ms. Rockefeller stated that now she
would not have to haul to Lynchburg she could take to landfill and have contractor come here for the