461
WHEREAS, Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has provided time for the public
to review and comment on said plan and held a public hearing relative to the plan on
February 17, 2009, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes its responsibility to notify Region 2000
should anything change from the reported in the Solid Waste Management Plan
recognizing that major changes will require an amendment to the plan required by the
regulations under 9 VAC 20-130-175.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors has reviewed the plan and addressed the plan at their meeting in regular
session on March 9, 2009 and hereby adopts the Regional Solid Waste Management Plan
and authorized its submittal to the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7B- Resolution of Support and
explained that this resolution would be supporting a grant application to the Virginia
Department of Health seeking funding for the 460 waterline project. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the Resolution of
Support for the submittal of an application to the Virginia Department of Health seeking
funding through the Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund. Mr. Carter seconded
Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors voted in December, 2006 to commit to the
Route 460 Water Line Project from Concord to the town limits of the Town of Appomattox; and
WHEREAS, on January 20, 2009 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors authorized the County
Administrator to begin engineering and design and move forward through construction of the
Route 460 Water Line; and
WHEREAS, the Route 460 Water Line Project consists of 7.5 miles of twelve (12) inch ductile iron pipe
and appurtenances along the main transportation corridor for the County; and
WHEREAS, during the most recent drought of record Appomattox County found its well water supply for
individual users strained by the impacts of the drought, thus prompting the search for an
alternative source of water; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County and Campbell County Utilities and Service Authority are cooperating on
this project for the water source, which will be the Otter River; and
WHEREAS, the Route 460 Water Line Project will greatly enhance the quality of life for residents along
this corridor by providing a safe, reliable, and public source of water; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has identified 106 potential customers that could immediately benefit
from this project by reducing iron and manganese levels currently experienced by private well
use; and
WHEREAS, public safety will be greatly enhanced along the Route 460 Corridor due to increased fire