982
Mr. Lawson said that he was not sure what the issue was.
Mr. Bosiger stated that his understanding was that this issue could not be discussed any
more, that it would be improper, or illegal to discuss it.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carwile if what he had stated was what Mr. Carwile was saying.
Mr. Carwile said that he was reading and interpreting and that he had given copies to the
Board for them to interpret the way they saw it.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he was interpreting this to say that the Board could not vote on
this or reenact zoning ordinance that had not been properly considered but he did not feel
that there was anything to keep them from discussing this issue.
Mr. Carter stated that this would be the first he had ever heard of it if that were the case.
Mr. Moore asked how would you ever resolve a problem like this if you couldn’t discuss
it.
Mr. Carwile stated that they should read the code of Virginia and that there it was right
there. He continued that he had interpreted it the way he saw it and that the other
members had to make their own interpretations. Mr. Carwile continued that he felt
uncomfortable with being a part of discussion knowing this.
Mr. Torrence stated that common sense says that the public hearing was held, and the
citizens spoke very plainly, but the Board still was trying to address some concerns that
some people had. Mr. Torrence continued that he felt the Board would not be doing it’s
duty if they did not discuss this at length to make sure that everything was done to meet
the concerns that had been voiced.
Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Torrence was missing the point. He continued that in his
opinion the discussion should have taken place prior to the public hearing.
Mr. Bosiger stated that if he remembered correctly they had asked the Planning
Commission to make a recommendation and they did. Mr. Bosiger continued that when
the recommendation came back, the Board felt they should add to the recommendation.
Mr. Bosiger asked the other members of the Board if they recalled this.
Mr. Bosiger stated that at this point he felt they were taking the public input back to the
Planning Commission and saying this is what we were thinking, lets rethink this. Mr.
Bosiger continued that one of the things that he heard at the public hearing was don’t you
guys go out and make changes that you have not thought through. Mr. Bosiger stated that
he heard that everything should be carefully considered for all citizens of the County.