242
Whereas, President George W. Bush ordered United States Armed Forces to commence
military operations against the forces of Saddam Hussein during the evening of March
19, 2003, under the code name of Operation Iraqi Freedom, in order to liberate Iraq,
remove Saddam Hussein from power, and neutralize Iraq's weapons of mass destruction;
Whereas, the United States Armed Forces and allied forces are performing their missions
with great courage and distinction in carrying out air, land, and sea attacks against Iraqi
military targets; and
Whereas, the ability of the Armed Forces to successfully perform their mission requires
the support of their nation, community, and families
Now therefore, be it resolved that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
expresses its unequivocal support and appreciation:
(1) To the President as Commander-in-Chief for his firm leadership and
decisive action in the conduct of military operations in Iraq as part of the
on-going Global War on Terrorism;
(2) To the members of the United States Armed Forces serving in Operation
Iraqi Freedom, who are carrying out their missions with excellence,
patriotism, and bravery; and
(3) To the families of the United States military personnel serving in
Operation Iraqi Freedom, who are providing support and prayers for their
loved ones currently engaged in military operations in Iraq.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carter has been approached by the Garden Club requesting to plant one (1)
Dogwood tree between the Clerk’s Office and the Museum. This would have to
be coordinated with the County Administrator. Also it should be placed so as not
to interfere with projects in the future.
The Board by consensus approved the planting of this Dogwood tree by the Garden Club.
At 6:49 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore the meeting was
adjourned. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman