340
Mr. Moore stated that it was his understanding that whenever the Board voted to accept
an ordinance change that it was automatically understood that a public hearing would be
held.
Mr. Stidham reinstated that this was a proposal to amend §170-82: Accessory Buildings
and Temporary Buildings. This will be an amendment prohibiting the use of mobile
homes as accessory buildings. As previously stated, this does not impact ones use of
mobile homes as a dwelling. This also does not cover truck trailers or storage containers.
Any existing mobile home in use as accessory buildings will be “grandfathered” if this is
adopted. No County action to remove them for non-compliance will be taken.
Mr. Kendrick stated that Mr. Carwile has brought up the fact that this may be an illegal
meeting based on a motion he made. The night he made the motion it was the
understanding of everyone present that the ordinance would go to public hearing and the
discussion got to be emotional to some degree. If this is a situation where a technicality
is being address as being illegal, he would like to address it and if necessary he will
change the original motion or whatever and we can stop this meeting or we can rescind
that motion and re-adopt a motion to read as it was intended previously.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to rescind the motion made on July 7", 2003 regarding the
use of mobile home as accessory buildings - Amendment to §170-83 of the Appomattox
County Zoning Ordinance. Mr. Carter seconded the motion. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
After taking into consideration the number of citizens who had attended tonight’s
meeting to discuss this issue, the Board by consensus agreed to listen to comments from
the public regarding the Amendment to §170-83 - Mobile Homes — used as accessory
buildings.
Ms. Dianne Miller, of Rt. 6, Appomattox came forward. She does not have any mobile
homes being used as accessory buildings but she feels it is wrong to zero in on one class
of buildings. She thinks the Board should come up with some sort of regulation regarding
maintenance, appearance, or whatever, regardless of the type of building. There are
plenty of buildings that are not well maintained. Some are vacant and some are still in
use, but they are eyesores. You might want to consider some tax incentives for people to
renovate their old buildings, rather than build new buildings and just let the older ones
decay.
Ms. Magda Liska, Route 2, State Route 664, Appomattox was next to address the Board.
She is not sure what transpired to bring about this amendment, however, it is people’s
personal property. Perhaps safety issues could be put in place regarding the placement of
these old mobile homes for use as storage buildings. She feels that this is a good way to
recycle these units. She also brought up the unit now in use at the County Animal
Shelter.