7
At each regular meeting of the month of the Board, the board shall set aside at the
beginning of each Board session a citizens’ comment period. During the citizen’s
comment period, speakers wishing to address the Board shall clearly state their name and
address and shall be subject to such time limitations as the chairman in his discretion may
impose. Speakers shall be limited to speaking on items included on the current meeting’s
agenda, but not on the public hearing calendar for the day. No individual citizen shall be
permitted to address the Board for more than three (3) minutes.
The chairman shall allocate the time among the speakers in an equitable manner.
Individuals who have previously spoken on a subject at a public hearing shall not be
allowed to readdress the Board during the citizens comment period. Specific questions
should be resolved prior to the meeting by contacting a Board member or the appropriate
staff member. Questions shall be directed to the Chairman, who will, at his/her
discretion, solicit the response from the appropriate person.
Public Appearances
Any citizen may request to appear before the Board at any regular Board meeting no
more than four times per year and no more than once within a three month period.
Speakers shall be limited to speaking on the same subject not more than three times
within any 12 month period. Speakers who wish to address matters which have
previously been addressed at a public hearing under public appearances shall not be
allowed to request to appear before the Board nor shall they be allowed to readdress the
Board on the subject of the public hearing. Specific questions should be resolved prior to
the meeting by contacting a Board member or the appropriate staff person. Questions
shall be directed to the Chairman, who will, at his/her discretion, solicit the response
from the appropriate person. Requests to appear before the Board shall be directed to the
Clerk of the Board. When requesting time to appear on the agenda, the requestor shall
give the Clerk a description of what the topic will be, the speaker’s full legal name and
address (including street name and zip code), and home and business phone numbers, if
applicable, shall be required. Speakers must speak on the subject identified when
registering to appear before the Board and failure to stay on the topic will be deemed to
render the speaker out of order and will result in forfeiture of the remaining time that had
been allotted to the speaker.
Each speaker addressing the Board shall step up to the microphone in front of the
podium, shall give his name and address in an audible tone of voice for the record. All
remarks shall be addressed to the Board and not to any member thereof.
Any person speaking before the Board who represents himself as being an officer of or
representing an organization, group, association, corporation, or other entity not generally
known to the Board shall, upon request by any member of the Board, disclose for the
organization, the history, size, dues, structure, date of creation, requirements for
membership, tax status: and shall reveal for the organization its method of determining its
official position and the speaker’s authority to represent the organization. Unreasonable