343
for the cost of a building permit minus $40.70 which represents the cost of an electrical
permit due to the fact that one electrical inspection has been made. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
3. Insurance Pamplin Community Center: There appears to have been some
misunderstanding with the Pamplin Fire Department concerning insurance
coverage on the old firehouse. The County has never carried coverage on the
old firehouse as far as we have been able to determine.
At the last meeting, the Board agreed that you would increase the insurance on
the new firehouse and on the contents but would not carry coverage on the old
firehouse. In looking into this matter, Pamplin Fire Department has found that
the coverage is much cheaper if they are carried on the County’s policy and are
allowed to pay the County the premium for the old firehouse.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the county is authorized to grant funds to volunteer fire
companies, so he feels we certainly have the authority to provide that insurance
coverage, though they have indicated that they will reimburse for this coverage in order
to obtain a cheaper rate. Also, there should be some determination that the uses of the
building are part of their fire prevention services and part of the County’s coordinated
efforts on Emergency Services. He is fearful that if the insurance policy is written or
riders placed on the County Policy, and a determination is made later that it wasn’t part
of it, coverage could be denied. He feels we should fully document this with our
insurance carrier and make sure the underwriter knows what is going on before
agreeing to insure this building.
After a lengthy discussion, it was the consensus of the Board to received more written
documentation before acting on this issue, and discuss at a future meeting.
4. Chief Magistrate Office Expense: Mr. Overstreet has provided a copy of
correspondence between him and the Supreme Court concerning office space for
the Chief Magistrate. Also, the County Administrator has received a letter of
correction from Mr. Oakes, Chief Magistrate, explaining that he misunderstood
how much his rent was going to be and therefore, gave us an incorrect figure as
to Appomattox County's share of expenses.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the expenditure for the
Chief Magistrate’s office expenses based on whether or not the other localities agree to
pay their share. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Burning Ban: Due to the dry conditions in our area most of the surrounding
counties have put into effect a burning ban in their counties. The County
Administrator is checking with the Forestry Service to see what they recommend
for Appomattox County.