560
bushes and put them on the state roads. Mr. O’Brien continued that every time there was
a zoning change the poor people are targeted. Mr. O’Brien does not agree with the
proposed setbacks. Mr. O’Brien quoted that it came out in the paper that Mr. Moore was
not against developing land but he was against developers because they make money
from these developments. Mr. O’Brien challenged who would develop land if they
couldn’t make money doing it. Mr. O’Brien asked the Board to consider this proposed
carefully prior to making any changes.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Bill Williamson.
Mr. Williamson came forward and gave his address as Route 4 Box 214, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Williamson said that everyone else had said what he had intended to say
but he would ask the members of the Board to listen to the people.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Dale Campbell to come forward.
Mr, Campbell gave his address as Route 1 Box 2585, Spout Spring, Virginia. Mr.
Campbell stated that he was against all zoning. Mr. Campbell continued that when you
forced him to sell five acres lots you were causing him to use his farm up five times
quicker. Mr. Campbell was also concerned that family exemptions should be in place.
Mr. Bosiger called Ms. Diane Miller to come forward.
Ms. Miller gave her address as Route 6 Box 769, Appomattox, Virginia. Ms. Miller
stated that she was in favor of zoning because it protects her. Ms. Miller only cautioned
the Board to be reasonable with their changes. She continued that she felt five acres was
excessive for a building lot. Ms. Miller stated that if there was a problem with mobile
homes or septic systems then they were the problems that should be addressed.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Winfred Nash to come forward.
Mr. Nash came forward and gave his address as Route 1, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Nash stated that he was not sure what the lot size should be but he felt that it should be
somewhere between three and five acres. Mr. Nash continued that his privacy has been
compromised and his property devalued due to his neighbors and their actions. Mr. Nash
continued that he felt this must be dwelt with now.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Roland Hayden to come forward.
Mr. Hayden gave his address as Route 3 Box 246, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Hayden
continued that he had always heard that the basic function of government was to establish
and maintain an orderly society in which a free people can operate. Mr. Hayden stated
that he believes the Board will do the proper thing for all citizens.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Frank Jones to come forward.