172
14. School — AES Project: Approve supplemental appropriation to transfer the
remaining principle and interest funds for this project. (There will be some
additional accrued interest that will be supplemented at a later date).
Fund 10 6101-3005 - New Elementary School $67,152.18
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the consent agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Moore., aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Informational Items: (items 15 — 22)
15. Letter from Senator Warner: Letter received from Senator Warner supporting
the County’s resolution supporting the Pledge of Allegiance as currently written
containing “under God”.
16. Landfill VPDES Permit Approval. Letter received acknowledging the VPDES
permit application was approved.
17. School Monthly Financial Report: Financial report for November.
18. United Way I&R: United Way activity report.
19. Business Development Centre: Activity report
20. | Access Management Workshop: Invitation to attend workshop concerning
traffic control.
21. Town of Appomattox: Agenda for meeting held in October.
22. Courthouse Project: Update on the courthouse project concerning steps being
taken to comply with the courts order.
There was some discussion on the projects listed in this update.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile asked for a copy of the letter sent to Mr. Clayton Bryant regarding his
decision not to spread biosolids. He also addressed the issue of the “Welcome Signs”.
When will this project be done?
Mr. Hancock has received some calls regarding the lights at the Route 604 dumpster site.
Mr. Carter requested a letter of appreciation be sent to the Railroad Festival Board.
He also addressed the Workforce Investment Board. We went with Southside as opposed
to going with Region 2000. We need to rethink our position on this decision and go with
the Region 2000 Workforce Investment Board. Mr. Carroll will look into this.
Discussion continued on the Regional Airport Grant as presented by Ms. Christine
Kennedy at tonight’s meeting. Campbell County will benefit not Appomattox; too
expensive to fly out of Lynchburg. The consensus of the Board is not to support this
expenditure.