438
Old Courthouse Improvements: The recent decision by Judge Poston to deny
the Board’s request to construct a connector between the old courthouse and the
new courthouse leaves the needed improvements to the old courthouse in limbo.
The Board has received a list of necessary improvements to the Old Courthouse
Building. Several items were either existing before construction of the new
building began or were anticipated as a result of the demolition of the back
portion of the old building: 1) roof replacement and cupola repairs, 2) rear wall
weatherproofing and cosmetic improvements, 3) repoint the stone work at the
front porch area, 4) repair stone column bases on front porch and 5) repair the
sagging brick sections of the front porch.
Also additional issues need to be addressed since the connector was not allowed
to go forward: 1) emergency exit out of the back of the existing courtroom and 2)
ADA accessibility to the existing courtroom. These items will need to be handled
separately. Also the future use of this building has not been determined.
There are several factors to be considered in the funding for this project, one of
which could be historic tax credits. Mr. Gillispie of the Regional Commission and
Mr. Hal Craddock of Craddock-Cunningham could assist with these issues.
Mr. Moore brought the Board up to date with what the Committee has determined thus
far that needs to be done before this building can be used for public purposes. These
include: 1) need for rear exit (covered); 2) elevator/lift; 3) handicapped bathroom; 4)
floor tile on porch re-laid; 5) need new roof; 6) back wall fixed — protection for water and
weather.
Mr. Moore suggested that the Board as a group visit the area and see exactly what has to
be done. Also in order to receive historic tax credit, things may have to be as they were
originally. Another question is just how far do we want to go with this?
The Board by consensus tabled this issue until Mr. Moore is able to obtain more
information and present it to the Board.
4. Ordinance Revision: Section 5 1-1.C of the County Code as adopted in 1992
states that the Building Official is appointed by the Board of Supervisors and is an
employee of the Board. Staff feels that the Building Official should report to the
County Administrator as all other county employees do and that the position
should be subject to the County personnel policy as well as the employment
requirements listed under the Uniform Statewide Building Code. If the Board
concurs with the staff assessment and wishes to make the Building Official report
to the County Administrator, a public hearing will be necessary to effect this
change.
Mr. Craft stated that he felt this ordinance should be changed. He feels that the Building
Official should not be any different from the other County employees working out of the