94
Even with these increases, our staff is still below the basic salary of surrounding
vicinities.
Mr. Carter thanked the School Board and staff for their budget preparation.
Ms. Dianne Miller with AWAG presented the Board with their budget request. They did
not handle as many animals this past year as they have in the past, but they have some
animals that were in much more severe conditions. Ms. Miller also discussed their
financial statements for the past two (2) years. They are also requesting that the
license fee be increased - $10.00 for un-sterilized and $5.00 for sterilized. This would
be in line with surrounding areas.
After a brief discussion period, Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Miller for coming before the
Board.
Mr. Barry Morris, Librarian and Mr. Jan Peterson, Member of the Library Board presented
the budget request for the Library. Mr. Peterson stated the main thing he has to discuss
is the excellent job Mr. Morris is doing with the Library. Mr. Morris, stated that he would
not spend too much time discussing salary increases as they are expecting around a 2%
increase over all. They are seeing an increase in the computer usage. They purchased
eight (8) new computers last year, mainly using grant funds. They were able to open
the Pamplin Branch and it is doing very well. Requests for Library Cards is up over the
past couple of years. He would like to see the interior of the Jamerson Library painted
and some of the carpet in the heavy traffic areas, replaced with tile. He would also like
to see the mulching, weeding, etc. around the Library be included as a part of the
landscaping contract. He noticed this week that when the town worked on “Abbitt
Park”, that side of the building looked great, but the front, back and parking lot side
needs work.
Mr. Morris concluded by asking if anyone had any questions regarding the library.
Mr. Eric Eberly, Extension Agent, gave a brief explanation of his budget. He reported
that Ms. Tillitson has made an excellent transition into her position. A lot of their budget
needs are in the Home Economics area and he expects that in some future time he
would be coming back to the Board asking for additional funds.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Eberly for his budget presentation.
Ms. Ferguson presented several informational items for the Board’s consideration.
1. Letter from IDA regarding the cement plant locating in the Industrial Park.
2: On Monday, May 23, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox Town Council would
like to have a joint meeting to discuss the water situation. Majority of the
Board is agreeable with this date.
3: The Appomattox Town Council has informed Ms. Ferguson that they will only
provide $49,000.00 toward the police department contract. When they asked
the County to take over their two (2) police positions when they did away
with their police department, they agreed to provide partial funding. They
also may cut out the $5,000.00 contribution to the Library as they feel their