432
Mr. Craft stated there was one there, but it was not big enough to handle some of the
groups that perform.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the construction of a
stage in Courtland Field. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
11. D nfinement inance_for_ Appomattox nty: Supervisor
Armbrust has requested that the issue of a dog confinement ordinance be placed
on the agenda for the Board’s comments and consideration.
Mr. Armbrust first stated that he wished to thank Ms. Ferguson for her help in the recent
situation he had concerning a dog.
His issue is that when a neighbor's dog comes on your property and disturbs your
property, your shrubbery, etc. who is liable for this damage. In talking with a few other
counties, that do not have a lease law, but if a dog destroys your property, attacks your
children, or your pets, you can send a certified letter to that neighbor. If after receiving
this letter it happens again, then you can take legal action. There is a court costs of
about $75.00 and if it happens a third time, the judge can determine if the dog should
be chained up or confined, etc. This helps a little without a lease law. He asked Mr.
Overstreet if he had any comments they could elaborate on or a bases for an ordinance.
Mr. Overstreet said he had not looked at the animal laws recently. The State had
changed them periodically and given the localities more authority as far as the items Mr.
Armbrust is talking about. He will look into these and see what other counties have in
place and present some suggestions to the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson had a copy of Campbell County's ordinance which contains a section
regarding “Permitting Animals to Trespass”, which is what Mr. Armbrust is talking about.
We do not have anything in our ordinance to handle trespassing of animals.
Mr. Overstreet will check into this issue and get back with the Board at a later date.
11A. Library Board Appointees:The Library Board has a vacancy that needs to be
filled. There are two (2) applicants who have expressed an interest in serving on
this board. There was some discussion regarding these two applicants.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to appoint Charles Pearson to serve
on the Library Board for a term of four (4) years. Term to expire 6-30-2010. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 12 - 20)
12. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUNDS TRANSFERS: