256
time?
Mr. Moore recognized Mr. Kendrick.
Mr. Kendrick stated that for the past several weeks he has been receiving comments on the newelementary school and feels that the citizens need to be reassured as to the direction that the Countyis going concerning the new school. Mr. Kendrick continued that the Board does have some issuesthat need to be resolved but feels that they can be worked through.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion that the Board give a vote of confidence and that the Board commit togo as fast as they can and as expediently as they can with the knowledge of their financial situationin hand, and go ahead and get the new elementary school built.
Mr. Carwile questioned if Mr. Kendrick was recognizing that a nine million dollar cap had beenplaced on this project.
Mr. Kendrick replied that he did and that he realized this cap would have to be rescinded prior togoing to a higher level, but at this point in time he would like to see the Board continue with theplans and deal with the cap at a later date.
Mr. Carwile then seconded Mr. Kendrick’s motion. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next called Mr. Franklin Vaughan to address the Board.
Mr. Vaughan thanked the Board for allowing him to speak. He stated he was not a happy citizen.He also stated that the Board had at it’s organizational meeting in January voted to adopt Robert’sRules of Order for conducting it’s meetings. He further stated that he had concerns regarding therevisiting of the Courthouse renovation from the April 1999 meeting. As he understood Roberts’Rules of Order, a motion to revisit a previous motion had to be made by a prevailing member of theBoard, Mr. Moore or Mr. Carter. Mr. Vaughan further stated he was hearing a lot of negativecomments regarding the Board and felt the Board should forget about promises made and personalagendas and begin representing the majority of the citizens in their districts.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Vaughan and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile as the Board to think about a resolution from all counties in the State with reference tomaking available at a modest Cost, standardized drawings to all specifications and to include all