123
Absent (Board of Zoning Appeals):
Sharon Bonaventura
Having been duly advertised, the Public Hearing was called to order at
7:34 P.M. by Mr. Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors, presiding.
Mr. Torrence introduced the Planning Commission and Board of Zoning
Appeals, declared the purpose of the Hearing, and explained the
procedure to be followed.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the first petition to he
considered. Mr. Caldwell read petition 93-185 of Mr. William E.
Briggs. Mr. Briggs is seeking a variance to section 906 of the Zoning
Ordinance to permit construction of a detached garage in the side
yard. Mr. Briggs’ property is zoned R-1 and is located adjacent to
Route 1065 between Route 727 and the deacl end of Route 1065.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone favoring this petition. Mr.
Briggs spoke from the audience stating the garage would ke
architecturally compatible with the neighborhood and his home and would
"blend in" well with the surroundings.
Mr. Rice reported he had visited the site, felt the chosen location of
the garage was a logical choice, noted the lot was about 5 acres large,
and that the garage as planned probably would not be offensive to
neighbors or visitors.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear comments from anyone opposed to the
petition. Hearing none, Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 93-186 of Mr. Perry D. Mobley. Mr. Mobley
is seeking a conditional use permit to allow operation of a small
engine repair shop in an existing outbuilding on his property located
adjacent to Route 695 between Route 635 and the Norfolk and Southern
Railroad.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from those favoring the Petition. Mr.
Mobley spoke from the audience stating he has been out of work for
fifteen (15) years, had had several heart operations, needs the work to
help out with living expenses, and there were no objections from his
neighbors. :
Mr. Torrence asked for other comments in favor of the petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone opposed to the
petition.
Hearing no response and being no further business to consider, Mr.
Torrence declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:40 P.M.
erm
Vice Chairman