202
Mr. Jamerson asked Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of Schools, if he had any
comments that he would like to make and if he had revisions to the
Schools budget to present.
Dr. Thomas expressed to the Board that he was waiting until after the
public hearing to revise the Schools budget. After discussion
concerning administrative pay increases and other budget items Mr.
Jamerson thanked Dr. Thomas and the members of the School Board for
their cooperation in resolving the School budget issue.
At 7:10 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter
into
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mn,
Torrence, aye.
Ona
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 7:25 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
NOW,
Vote:
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allocate an
additional $45,000.00 to the FY94 School Budget. Vote: Mr. Jamersor
aye;
aye.
Mr. Jamerson called David Bailey, Town of Pamplin to address th
Board. Pamplin Town Council is concerned with Norfolk and Western:
intentions to demolish the depot in Pamplin. Council requested Norfol
and Western give the depot to Pamplin. The Pamplin Town Council woul
like
Executive Session to discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr.
motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore, it was resolved the —
motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore, the following
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
yote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr,
~~
~
v
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence
~<
Se BP
Wo San UW
the Board of Supervisors support in their efforts to acquire th