290
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the building
permit fees for Habitat for Humanity houses be waived. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore next presented a supplemental appropriation request from the
Maintenance Department.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$334.00 to 4302-3002. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone had any business to bring forth.
Mr. Bosiger asked if Mrs. Ferguson would contact Mrs. Joyce Jamerson to
check on the results of the violence survey requested by the Board.
Mr. Carwile stated he was very concerned about the drug situation in
the County and would like to suggest that Sheriff Staples set up an
informant fund that would encourage citizens to come forward with drug
related information.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was to discuss this matter with Sheriff
Staples and report back to the Board.
Mr. Carwile also stated he had received numerous complaints about dump
trucks and tractor trailers on Route 611 and Route 608. Mr. Carwile
continued that he was going to look into what could be done to solve
this problem and would report to the Board at a later date.
Mr. Moore explained an executive session was necessary to discuss a
legal and personnel matter.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence at 10:00 p.m. to
enter into executive session to discuss a legal and personnel matter.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and