453
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Sheriff Richardson for a
supplemental appropriation for inmate housing.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $4,252.94 for inmate housing for the
month of May 1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, for Mr. Tommy Gobble to attend a Training Course on
landfill operation.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve a $100.00
application fee for Tommy Gobble to attend a training course on
landfill operation. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson brought up the subject of the gas monitor for the
landfill that was discussed at the June 6, 1994 meeting. Mrs. Ferguson
explained that the landfill had recently been inspected by the
Department of Environmental Quality and written up for not having a
proper gas monitoring system.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
to purchase a gas meter at the landfill at a cost of $2,400.00 from
landfill bond account. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented letters from the Courts explaining that the
Code of Virginia is requiring that the Courts accept credit card
payments for fines. This will require purchasing credit card machines
and installing phone lines. The cost can come from the Courthouse
Maintenance Fund.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to purchase credit card
machines and install telephone lines in the Courts and pay for this
from Courthouse Maintenance Fund. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson told the Board that Appomattox Cable T.V. has purchased
M.A.T.E.S. and has taken over their customers. We hope that this area
will receive better service due to this change.
Mr. Torrence next asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would brief the Board on
the progress of the regional jail.
Mr. Ferguson began by explaining that she had provided information from
the study in a handout for each Board member. Mrs. Ferguson also
stated that she would not be asking the Board for a final decision
tonight on the County’s participation in the Regional Jail. Mrs.
Ferguson, stated that the study had not provided the cost figures that
she had hoped to see.