525
FUND TRANSFER
Sports Complex Fund
Transfer by consent $7,404.47 from the Sports Complex Fund to the General Fund to pay
enclosed bill.
Chairman Conrad presented the Informational Items and called for comments, hearing no
comments Chairman Conrad called for Supervisors Concems.
Mr. Carter questioned what was happening with the Animal Control dog case.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Animal Control would be back in Court on Wednesday at 2:00 p.m.
Mr. Tanner stated that he wanted to commend Ms. Robin Craig in the Stonewall Area (Route
608) for trash pick-up on the 51/2 miles of highway.
Chairman Conrad stated that the American Legion had issued an invitation to the Board to attend
their program in Courthouse Square for Memorial Day.
Chairman Conrad read a letter from Mr. Paul Harvey as a response from the Board’s letter of
April 21, 2009 and stated that it was the intention of the Town to have a response to the Board no
later than June 1, 2009.
Chairman Conrad stated that the NAACP had sent the Board an invitation to the annual Freedom
Fund Banquet which will be held on Saturday, May 16", 2009 at 5:00 p.m. This will be held at
the Carver Price Cultural Center. Chairman Conrad stated that the ticket donation is $20.00 each.
The NAACP is requesting a resolution of proclamation from the Board to be read during the
banquet and would appreciate someone from the Board presenting the proclamation.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would create a proclamation for approval at the public hearing on
May 11", 2009 and then someone would need to present this at their meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that he would present the proclamation at the NAACP annual meeting.
Chairman Conrad presented the upcoming meetings.
Having no further comments, Mr. Craft made a motion to adjourn the meeting at 7:35 p.m. Mr.
Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjourned at 7:35 p.m.
udThomas H. Conrad, Chairman