296
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette also presented a line item transfer request from Maintenance
Department to pay for part of the painting contract.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer
$15,020.00 from 1101-5804 to 4302-3002. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called on Dr. Walter Krug, Superintendent of Public Schools, to
appear before the Board.
Dr. Krug stated that his reason for attending the Board meeting was to introduce
himself to the Board members and give a brief update on Middle School
construction. Dr. Krug continued by telling the Board of Supervisors about his
background and family.
After a brief update on Middle School construction Mr. Paulette thanked and
excused Dr. Krug.
Mr. Paulette next invited Mr. Earl Dickerson and Mr. Jeff Grubbs with Hurt and
Proffitt to appear before the Board.
Mr. Dickerson reported that he had contacted DEQ as requested by the Board to
get their position on the HUWS system that the County is considering as an
alternative to landfilling. Mr. Dickerson explained that since there are none of
these systems presently operating in the United States, DEQ would consider it
experimental and therefore issue a permit accordingly.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger
that Mr. Dickerson write a letter to Herhof and explain that they will need to find
a market for stabilate prior to the County moving ahead with this project. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile explained that he had been working with Ms. Carter at the landfill
with the leachate pond and he was not satisfied that the proper steps had been
taken to control stormwater runoff from entering the leachate pond.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Dickerson was asked to
work with Ms. Carter to try to alleviate this problem.
Being nothing further for Messers. Dickerson and Grubbs, they were thanked and
excused.