677
your money, you have a lot more say in the design and what goes into it and what your
expectations are and more control of the cost.
Mr. Gillespie began his power point and stated that the first thing that needs to be done is the
local School Board needs to establish PPEA guidelines. There are two types of proposals one
being solicited which you advertise, and the unsolicited which is an unadvertised request. The
School Board may review proposals or designate a working group. He explained that proposals
are submitted in two parts a conceptual phase and in that is two parts you get information on the
proposing team credentials and the second part they would provide a schematic design. You
then proceed to the detailed phase. You will be able to review criteria for both phases in the law
and proposals must be reviewed by the local jurisdiction for compliance with
zoning/comprehensive plan etc. He explained that the School Board may charge fees for outside
review of proposals and FOIA applies to all proposals unless information is identified as
proprietary by the proposer. He stated that the schematic design and cost is not FOIA. If the
Board decides to accept an unsolicited proposal they must post public notice and open the
window for additional proposals for 45 days. The Board will then review proposals and consider
how to proceed whether to use competitive seals bids or competitive negotiation, which is used
mostly and this gives a lot of flexibility for negotiation. The Board will then decide which
proposal to select and then will enter into an interim or comprehensive agreement after local
government approval. Mr. Gillespie next discussed the design and construction process and
pointed out that no County dollars have been spent up to this point. He stated that the
educational specifications set the design criteria. Once you get at the 35% stage you have the
basic footprint and you can change basically anything. Once you reach the 65% stage you
receive additional details to the basic footprint and then once you reach the 95% stage you will
have a final review and you are ready for bid. After each of these stages you will have a formal
meeting to approve. Once you get to the 95% stage you will again have a formal meeting for
approval and then put out for bid.
Mr. Gillespie next discussed the benefits of the PPEA. He stated that all bids, materials and
equipment reviewed and approved by owner and the guaranteed price is up front. No change
orders once the scope is agreed upon and the owner can audit construction cost and share in
savings. The PPEA significantly shortens construction time and creates a partnership between
the contractor, architect and the owner. This in turn creates an environment that fosters creative
design and cost effective construction methods.
Mr. Gillespie called for questions from either the School Board or Board of Supervisors.
Dr. Grasty thanked Mr. Gillespie for the very informative presentation and also thanked the
Board of Supervisors for the invitation to attend this meeting.
Mr. Conrad thanked Mr. Gillespie for his presentation.