587
Mr. Conrad stated that this is a learning process for all of us and the benefits are immediate.
Mr. Carter stated that the chatter around the county for the past two weeks is one subject and that
this the convenience centers. He feels the new system has placed a burden on some of our
County residents such as churches, private schools, not being able to dispose of their trash; hours
of operation; dual residents; closing Wednesdays; weekend hours need to be extended and
citizens are irate at mandatory sorting of trash when their perception is that County has staff to
do this.
Ms. Rockefeller stated staff at the convenience sites are trained to sort recycle items if all items
are recyclable and it is part of their responsibility, but they are asking the citizens to help with
this because there are times when they will be busy with lots of citizens and not able to sort.
Mr. Craft stated that this is a change, but he feels we will all adjust to this.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the hours of the sites are based on the hours of our surrounding
counties which we will study to see what times work best for our operation.
Mr. Craft stated that education is the best thing we can do for our citizens.
Mr. Tanner stated that he thinks the convenience centers are working and asked that we all look
around and learn while we are new at this, and maybe we need to look at the churches and we
also cannot discriminate against our small verses large business.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that recycle materials are accepted by any size business at the landfill
seven days a week.
Ms. T.J. Knight came forward and gave a presentation to the Board on recycling. Ms. Knight
went over all categories and gave a description of what the category consist of and what items
will be accepted in each of these categories as recycle items. Ms. Knight answered questions
from the Board.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that Ms. Knight would be doing this same presentation for anyone who
would like her to come make a presentation to groups that may want to discuss this issue.
Mr. Craft made a motion to amend the Solid Waste Ordinance to enhance recycling efforts in the
County. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion,
hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Appomattox County Electoral Board and
explained that Mr. Conrad, Mr. Craft and Ms. Ferguson had met with the members of the
Electoral Board and visited the Vera Voting Precinct. Mr. Conrad explained that the members of
the Electoral Board have requested that the Board approve alterations to the Vera and Stonewall
Voting precincts due to these buildings being used for convenience center. The estimated cost to
the County is approximately $1,700.00 for each building. After consideration, at the Vera