513
public’s increase for violence in this country. You are now being asked to
approve the use of more firepower. Gentlemen, please do not do this.
Mr. Gene Williams, Route 5, Appomattox, Va.
Mr. Willliams stated that he has stood at his mailbox and seen ten year old kids
standing there with shotguns and he does not think he wants to come home and
see them standing there with high powered rifles. He stated we do not need
that in our county. Mr. Williams feels maybe an age should be included in this
ordinance. He hunts with a shotgun and does not feel you need a rifle to kill a
deer.
Mr. Lester Goin, Route 2, Appomattox, VA — 7:40 P.M.
Mr. Goin stated this was an emotional issue for him. He wanted to thank Mr.
Moore and Mr. Carter for their stand the last time this issue came up for public
discussion. He does not hunt. He has about 1,000 acres which is not posted
and people do hunt on his property but if this ordinance is passed, he will have
no choice but to post his property. You, the Supervisors have an awesome
responsibility, your decision can divide families, friends and hunt clubs. He
would like to see this issue on a referendum so all the citizens of the County can
express their opinions. He is opposed to the passing of this ordinance.
Mr. Rich Guild, Appomattox, VA. 7:44 P.M.
Mr. Guild stated he has not heard so much misinformation and lies about what
firearms will do and will not do. He hopes the Board will confine itself to known
facts. We are already allowing muzzle-loading firearms which will penetrate
brush where a high-powered rifle will not. He has been before the Board on
numerous occasions to speak about tourism, and bringing hunters into the
County is a part of tourism. You can, in fact, increase your revenue by passing
this ordinance. Those individuals who are supposedly out there drinking alcohol
and those shooting from the road are breaking the law, call the Sheriff's
Department and have them arrested. Do not penalize those hunters who do not
break the law but enjoy hunting as a sport. He is in favor of rifle hunting.
Mr. Bill Jamerson, Route 727, Appomattox, VA.
Mr. Jamerson stated he respects the opinion of everyone who spoke tonight. He
resents very much two representatives from Charlotte County coming to speak
tonight. If this was the kind of meeting we were going to have he is sure we
could have gotten people from other localities who are opposed to this type of
hunting. He asks the Board to take this into consideration in making their
decision. We do not do things the same way Charlotte County does.
Mr. Todd Jennings, Richwood Estates, Appomattox, VA. — 7:46 P.M.