639
1. Consent to Issuance _and Sale _of Obligations. The County hereby
acknowledges the benefits and savings and consents to the issuance and sale of all or a portion of
the revenue bonds, revenue notes and refunding revenue bonds referenced above (the
“Obligations”) by the Authority to VRA for the purpose described above, subject to the adoption
of similar resolutions by the governing bodies of the other Member Jurisdictions.
2. Limited Obligations of the Authority. The County hereby acknowledges and
agrees that the source of the payment of and security for debt service on the Obligations are the
revenues of the Authority, including but not limited to the fees and charges paid the by the
County. It is to be understood that the documents reflecting the terms and provisions of the
Obligations shall provide that such indebtedness shall not be deemed to constitute a debt or
pledge of the faith and credit or the taxing power of the Commonwealth of Virginia or any
political subdivision thereof, including the Authority and the County, and that neither the
Commonwealth nor any other political subdivision or the Authority shall be obligated to pay the
principal of, premium, if any, or interest on such indebtedness or other costs incident thereto,
except from the revenues pledged by the Authority therefor, all as permitted by law and
described under the documentation in connection with the Obligations.
3. Ratification of Service Agreement. All terms and provisions of the Service
Agreement, as amended by the Agreement, are hereby ratified and confirmed by the County.
4. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect immediately.
Adopted by a majority vote of the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox,
Virginia on September 21, 2009.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt Resolution approving the issuance of debt by the Blue Ridge
Regional Jail Authority.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none,
he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#2 — Appomattox County Seal and explained
that the Appomattox Women’s Club is requesting permission to use the County Seal on Jefferson
cups that they plan to give as thank you gifts to participants in one of their fund raisers.
Chairman Conrad explained that in the past the Board has allowed the seal to be used on several
items that they have offered for sale. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner stated that the Jefferson cup is a very appropriate item to have the Appomattox
County seal on.
Mr. Carter stated that he is in favor of allowing this and feels it is good public relations.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to allow the Woman’s Club to use the Appomattox County seal on
the Jefferson cup for thank you gifts. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman