renovation and 3% on the new construction giving us an $82,000 cushion to use to make this thing
work. Also there is approximately $30,000 for additional windows. One wing of the old jail building
will need to be removed for the construction of the new section on the back of the courthouse.
However, Mr. Craddock feels since both of the wings have no historical value, they should both be
removed.
Craddock-Cunningham reduced their fee from 13% tol0%. With the add/alternates they feel we
need, the estimated total cost would be around $2,783,250.
Several members of the Board had questions regarding a pitched roof, vinyl/wood siding, and
seating capacity inside courtrooms.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Craddock and Mr. Arrington.
There was a lengthy discussion concerning executing a contract with Craddock-Cunningham.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to contract with Hal Craddock as architect for
Courthouse Renovation based upon his work on the project.
Mr. Carwile stressed the need to really look at the additional 3,000 square feet on 3" level with
pitched roof to get space we need.
The motion was amended to include the level 3 pitch roof and added space VOTE: Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
The Sub-committee will execute the agreement with Mr. Craddock.
Mr. Kendrick then called for Supervisor’s Concerns. Hearing none, Mr. Kendrick moved on to the
Administrative Items.
1. Biosolids: One farmer and one contractor have contacted the County in regards to spreading
biosolids. Mr. Carroll is requesting the Board to ask the Planning Commission to devise an
ordinance that provides for public notification and complies with the State Code/Regulations
and the Virginia Supreme Court’s recent decision. (Ruben L. Blanton, et al. vs. Amelia
County, et al.)
After much discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to present this
issue to the Planning Commission for review and to have them come up with an ordinance
for Biosolids. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has recommended
approval of the following petitions as presented on January 22, 2001.
#01-451 - Michael T. Powers: Conditional Use Permit to place self storage business on lot