371
3. It is also recommending that Appomattox seek the backing of both Campbell
County and the City of Lynchburg for this project. This will make the project a
regional objective and increase the potential for success.
Mr. Hancock then answered questions from the Board and Council members.
Mr. Spiggle thanked Mr. Hancock for his excellent presentation.
Mr. Spiggle presented the next item for discussion
2. Freedom Ridge Community: Discussion on the Council’s decision on the out of
town
Water and sewer connections.
Mr. Spiggle stated that the town had promised water for the industrial park. They have
not determined how much water will be needed for this project. They have also promised
some other connections. In looking through the presentation for Freedom Ridge, one of
the things that hit him was “affordable carefree living”. Paying $350.00 a month to lease
space to put a modular home on, to him does not seem affordable. Also the statement
that no one under 50 years of age will be living there. He does not know how
enforceable this will be. He also questions the screening process that will ensure
everyone meets the same criteria. What is the criteria? Also, if this is a maintenance free
community, who pushes the snow off the streets, who picks up the garbage, etc. There
are a lot of unanswered questions. He also does not understand the estimated personal
property tax .
Town Council understood that these residences would be modular, whereas the County
Board of Supervisors understood that they would be double-wide mobile homes, which
are taxed as Real Estate not Personal Property.
The major concern the Town Council has regards the fact that they have promised water
to the industrial park and other entitites and if they provide water to this retirement
community and the industrial park get a business that required a vast amount of water, it
may not be there.
Mr. Carwile brought up the point that with the age criteria involved, the infracture, such
as the school system, would not be impacted.
Mr. Moore suggested that Council make a list of the things they do not understand or feel
comfortable with and present them to the developer for clarification.
Mr. Spiggle stated the Town Council had one issue to consider — the Application for
Use of Abbitt Park.
Scruggs Financial Services has requested the use of Abbitt Park on Thursday, September
25, 2003.