560
Present (Town Council):
Ronnie Spiggle - Mayor
R. L. Bass - Vice-Mayor
W. H. Carson
R. W. Mitchell
Steve Lawson
H. W. Conner
Absent (Town Council):
S. E. Carter
Mayor Spiggle, presiding, called the meeting to order and gave the
invocation.
Mr. Spiggle noted the purpose of the meeting was to review the plans
for a proposed industrial site, and began by reviewing the Utilities
Improvements report provided by Bernard C. Proctor, P. E. (Report on
file in February 1995 Board File.)
A lengthy review of the utilities report was provided by Mayor Spiggle
and Vice Mayor Bass with final conclusion being that considerable
upgrades would be required in order to provide utilities to an
industrial site.
Discussion followed as to the employment problems in the County and
what type business it would benefit the County to recruit.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session at 10:08 A.M. to discuss legal matters: Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:38 A.M. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freeda
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fran
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the