160
147-50. Effective Date
This ordinance shall be effective at 12:01 a.m. January 1, 2000.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Board’s attention to a letter from Jeff Grubbs with Hurt and
Proffitt addressing a problem that we presently have with the baler operation.
A lengthy discussion followed including comments from Mr. Claude Allen Moore.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mr. Carroll was instructed to have Mr.
Earl Dickerson of Hurt & Proffitt appear before the Board to discuss the problems with
the baling operation.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal and
a personnel matter.
At 9:00 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session to discuss a legal and personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 10:15 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for any action necessary from the executive session.