291
each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to
\speak for and /or against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutgs
Whether speaking as an individual or as representative of a group or organizgtion.
However, should the number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10),
the time will be adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Ovekstreet requested to make a statement prior to the reading of the petition.
Mr. Overstreet stated that there are several things to look at regarding this petition.
One is, if weare looking to grant a conditional use permit for anew business or new
use, which he\does not think is the case, it appears to him this is part of an existing
business because the automobile graveyard is not to be operated as a business, so
probably what should be done, if granted, is amending an éxisting conditional use. It is
appropriate to go through this procedure to do this. /His question to the Planning
Commission is that tha,County has a couple of ordinanges dealing with this issue. 1) On
abandoned vehicles — Chapter 158 of the County Code. 2) A provision for Licensing of
Junkyards. There is also aprovision of the State Cdde regarding screening of junkyards,
with regard to distances from primary & secondary roads, interstates, etc. He would ask
tonight to have the Public Hearing and hear cémments on the proposed conditional use
permit petition. He is also aSking that before the Planning Commission makes a
recommendation, they allow staff\to look into this and report back to them on what we
feel is appropriate, so their decisisn would work with the two ordinances, the State
Code, as well as the zoning ordinances
Mr. Spencer then read the following petitign:
#05-559 — Travis Ford: The/applicant isequesting a Conditional Use Permit to allow
a vehicle graveyard on Route’460 between Route 609 and Route 667. The property,
identified as Tax Map #60(4)B, is 5.05 acres in Size and is zoned Industrial District M-1.
The applicants business, Ragnarok, Inc., was the beneficiary of a Conditional Use Permit
granted to Hackett Enterprises on August 1, 2005 which allowed the operation of a
concrete contractor’s facility on this same parcel. Approval of this current request would
result in vehicle graveyard becoming a Conditional Use in the Industrial District M-1 and
would thus amendAhe County Zoning Ordinance (Section 17-25).
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Hearing nore, Mr. Spencer asked for comments against this petitio
Jeff Lewis, who lives on Phoebe Pond Road, stated he owns the property next door to
what Was Shadowwood Gardens and even when they were there, the property nearest
the yesidential section was allowed to grow up and contain litter. He called them and
asked them to clean it up, but did not get any cooperation. There is a small buffer zone
bétween the active working area and the next property, approximately 100 feet wide,
hich looks pretty decent at present. He objects to having autos spread across this
area against the adjoining property. He feels this will decrease property values. He is
not aware of the screening aspect of this ordinance. Another piece of property has.a
\
\