394
Mr. Carter then stated that a closed session was necessary as per §2.2-3711A.1 of the
Code of Virginia, Personnel Matters dealing with a disciplinary action of a County
employee.
Mr. Kendrick remarked that the Board may wish to cancel the November 3, 2003 meeting
as some on the members of the Board were running for re-election and may not want to
meet. He will be out of town.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to cancel the regularly scheduled
meeting of Monday, November 3, 2003 and have the Chairman approve the bill payable
for the first of the month. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 8:33 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into a closed
session as per §2.2-3711A.1 of the Code of Virginia, Personnel Matters regarding a
disciplinary action of a County employee. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 9:05 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following statement:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711A.1
Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a Personnel Matter — Disciplinary
action of County employee.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter reminded the Board of upcoming Meetings:
Recessed Meeting — Tuesday, October 21, 2003
VDOT Six Year Plan Meeting
VDOT — Appomattox Residence Office
6:30 p.m.
At 9:08 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recess until 6:30
p.m. on Tuesday, October 21, 2003 at the VDOT — Residency Office — Ferguson Street,