187
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. E-911 Address Maintenance: Contract has been received from Timmons
Group for addressing maintenance on our E911 system.
Ms. Ferguson stated she is asking the Board to give her the authority to enter into the
contract with Timmons Group for addressing maintenance on our E911 system. She is
also suggesting the Mr. Overstreet review this document before we enter into a
contract.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to give Ms. Ferguson the
authority to enter into this contact with Timmons Group once it has been reviewed by
Mr. Overstreet and some minor changes are made. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Moore stated he has noticed while traveling through surrounding counties, our
address marking is far superior to any he has seen thus far.
5. Funding request from Chief Magistrate for the 10° Judicial District:
Request has been received for funding for office space from William I Oakes, Jr.,
Chief Magistrate for the 10" Judicial District.
Virginia State Code does not call for localities to provide office space for the Chief
Magistrate.
After some discussion regarding the cost involved in providing this funding and checking
to see just what other localities are doing, the Board by consensus, tabled this item until
the next meeting on August 15, 2005.
6. Workforce Development Center: We have been working for months on
issues related to the old elementary school. This project has becoming an all
consuming project and the Department of Housing & Community Development is
pressuring the County to become even more involved in this project. Another
issue that needs to be addressed in relationship to this building is whether the
Board wants to make application to place this building on the Historic Register.
If this is application is successful it will allow the Carver Price Alumni to tap a
source of funding that may help with their project. It could also open up funding
sources for the County as well. Proceeding with the application and accepting
funding from Historic Resources may also place restrictions on some of the
renovations that we attempt to make to the building. You cannot apply for
Historic Designation for a portion of the building, the museum, you would have
to apply for the entire building. Also, we would need to apply for this designation
through a formal request to the Town for them to designate this whole area a
historic district.
Mr. Conrad stated he would like to discuss this further. The Board by consensus agreed
to hold a workshop session on August 22, 2005 in the Old J & D Courtroom at 6:30 p.m.