Be
80
Mr. Armbrust suggested that a plan be submitted showing the area to be paved as well
as the location of the trees to be planted. This plan should be reconsidered at the next
meeting on September 17 for final approval. The Board by consensus agreed to look
into this suggestion.
2. Waiver Request — Section 3.8.1 - Subdivision Ordinance: Robert and
Sandra Day are requesting a waiver of Section 3.8.1 of the Subdivision
Ordinance. This section deals with the qualifying ownership of a parcel prior to
dividing the parcel under the family division provisions.
Recommendation: Considering the request for waiver and making a decision.
Mr. Conrad stated that based on the information that has been presented and Article a.
of Section 7.1.1 — Qualification of Waiver —‘There exists an unusual situation or where
strict adherence to the subdivision regulations would result in substantial injustice or
hardship.” Certainly what we should be looking at is that this family has an individual
that has served a couple of tours in Iraq, and probably will be deployed again after this
present stint. His wife certainly does need help from the parents and grandparents.
Based on the facts received, he feels this waiver is not too much to ask.
Mr. Craft agrees with Mr. Conrad.
Ms. Ferguson stated several of the Board members had spoken to her today concerning
this request and if the applicants met the criteria. Her answer was yes. However, Mr.
Overstreet has informed her that she gave you an incorrect answer. They do not meet
the hardship criteria, as they do not presently own the property, they are seeking to
purchase this property.
Mr. Overstreet commented that what Mr. Conrad has stated is true, but he has a
concern that if someone else with the same situation makes a request in the future,
would we treat it in the same manner.
Mr. Conrad stated that in this case, since they have not purchased the property, they
could look at other property, but he would say that with what we have before us, they
certainly like this place the best and although there is no hardship, does this forbid us
from granting this waiver.
Mr. Overstreet stated in answer to Mr. Conrad’s question, the Board does have the
authority to grant this waiver. The concern he has is that it could set a precedent
should something similar come up in the future. An important thing in making these
decisions, is to treat everyone in the same situation in like manner. It can be argued
that a contractual right to buy property gives some right to the property. It is some
ownership element. You can grant this waiver, but when you do this, you are open to
something similar coming up.
After a lengthy discussion and despite the fact that the Board is sympathetic with this
situation, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to deny this waiver request