380
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from STEPS, Inc. for an appointment
to their Board of Directors. The term of office would begin July 1994.
ra
After discussion, the Board by consensus, agreed to make this
appointment at the April meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the next item on the agenda which was a request
for payment of livestock damages and gave a brief explanation of the
laws governing this.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay $315.00 to Boy
Thompson for a cow killed by stray dogs. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
1c) 79
Mrs. Ferguson presented a supplemental appropriation request from
Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator, for stone for the road
leading to Cell "I". Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moor
to appropriate $3,392.07 as a supplemental appropriation from general
operating funds to pay for stone used on the road leading to Cell "I"|,
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
o
Mr. Torrence next presented a request from Mr. Peterson to purchase an
air compressor and tire cage for use at the landfill, from Landfill
Bond Funds.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley t
approve the purchase of an air compressor and tire cage, for use at the
landfill, from Landfill Bond Funds. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
el
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson from the Landfill
Bond Account to take care of routine expenditures. Mr. Paulette made}ia
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve $5,930.00 from the Landfill
Bond Account to pay the following expenses:
Central Va. Lab. $ 1,105.00
Caterpillar Financial Services 2,660.00
Caterpillar Financial Services 2,165.00
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to give an explanation of the request
from Brian Armontrout, Librarian.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the Library Board has requested two (2)
additional phone lines to be used for accessing the Internet System.
O-
ctBy consensus the Board agreed to look at this request during the budg
process.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from W. M. Caldwell, Building
Official, to transfer funds to cover gas expense. Mr. Paulette made a
motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to approve a line item transfer of