|
371
Appomattox County School System. Our daughter is currently attending
William and Mary and our son will graduate in June. He has played
three sports every year during his high school career and it has added
much to his growth and character to have had that opportunity--However,
he did not choose a college or career based on his sports interest.
I am totally in favor (and have been) of the new sports complex.
However, it should never take precedent over a classroom facility. For
years we have recognized a need to address the physical facility at the
middle school and realized that most improvements made during the 80’s
were only stop gap until something more in keeping with the needs of
the students and current technology could be built.
As a member of the Historical Society I recognize the historical
significance of the building but it has outlived its usefulness as a
learning facility. Continuing in the stop gap mode only delays the
inevitable and makes it infinitely more costly.
If money is the issue - then lets get our priorities in order. If we
can only service $4.25 million in debt then let’s put it into
classrooms where every child will benefit. Better yet let’s let the
community decide where they want the money spent or if they would
support an increase in taxes if it would go to fund these projects.
I am sure you are aware of all the benefits of quality education for a
community but I am here to tell you as someone who has actively
recruited professionals for our community it is the number one
concern. How can we hope to participate effectively in Region 2000 if
we are only supporting a sports complex.
I could go on and on with reasons and statistics to support my case and
will if you invite me back. However, I would hope that you the Board
of Supervisors would rethink this expenditure and consider fully
funding a new middle school as well as the complex by putting together
the same kind of enegetic group as the ACTION committee to find a way
to accomplish both goals.
If not, what have our children learned by our example - that the
playing field is ultimately more important than the classroom - I
should hope not.
Thank you."
Mr. Torrence thanked Mrs. Powell and recognized Mrs. Renee Hoffman.
Mrs. Hoffman stated her address as Route 4, Box 124, Appomattox, VA.
"Members of the Board of Supervisors I come before you tonight to
oppose the $1 million bond proposal for construction of a sports
complex and renovation of the middle school.
Based on my conversations with many people in the community that they
have been convinced through omissions and rhetoric that this $1 million
dollars has been approved, spent and that the case for a new middle