354
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virginia Department of
Transportation to improve said street to the prescribed minimum standards, funding said
improvements pursuant to §33.1-75.1, Code of Virginia, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution and a
county check in the amount of $ 9,286.00 representing the County’s revenue sharing
contribution to revenue sharing allocations in Fiscal Year 05-06 and fifty percent of the
Department’s cost estimate of $ 18,572.00, be forwarded to the Residency Administrator
of the Virginia Department of Transportation.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Request for Entertainment Permit from Stonewall Antique Power
Association: Stonewall Antique Power Association is requesting permission to
hold their annual weekend event, May 20 and 21, 2006. They are also
requesting that the bond fee be waived.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the request of
Stonewall Antique Power Association to hold its annual weekend event on May 20 and
May 21, 2206 and to waive the bond fee requirement. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Insurance on Old Pamplin Firehouse: At the last meeting, a request was
made for more information concerning the use of the old Pamplin firehouse.
Alan King of the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department has provided the requested
information. We are still waiting on a reply from the insurance underwriter.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this arrangement was acceptable with the insurance carrier.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve
the request of the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department to have the Old Pamplin
Firehouse covered under the County’s insurance with the Volunteer Fire Department
reimbursing for the cost of said insurance. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Regional Dinner: The Regional Dinner will be held in Bedford on April 20,
2006. Please notify Ms. Ferguson’s office to make your reservation.
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7 — 14)
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Joint Meeting with School
Board on March 13, 2006; Public Hearing on Old Courthouse on March 20, 2006;
Regular Meeting on March 20, 2006; and Public Hearing with Planning
Commission on March 20, 2006.
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS: