62h
Discussion continued as to the merits of the VASAP program.
£b-
=Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that there was no need for Mr. McCulle
to wait the 90 days to begin to provide his services to the Court.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like to stay with Piedmont Court
Services for the 90 days, and then determine if the County wanted to go
with VASAP.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board should trust the Judge and
Commonwealth Attorney’s opinion on this matter, since they dealt with
the programs and were in a better position than the Board to know what
would be best.
Mr. Carwile continued by saying that the 90 day period was more
valuable to VASAP, for them to get their total program in place, than
it was to Piedmont Court Services who were already up and running.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
rescind the original motion to allow Piedmont Court Services to provid
CDI program for 90 days, from July - September, and have Virginia
Alcohol Safety Action Program to provide these services: Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, nay
10)
Mr. Torrence stated that he was against this action because it would
totally eliminate the Piedmont Court Services Program.
At 9:08 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Torrence to
adjourn until May 22, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. rence,
YIA
rinanChai
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on May 16, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board conference room, North
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Absent:
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the public hearing to order at 7:00 P.M. and stated
the purpose of the public hearing was to receive public comment on the