422
Planning Commission.
Telephone Utility License Tax: The Board needs to review the Ordinance on implementing a
Telephone Utility License Tax and set a public hearing date.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to hold a public hearing on December 4, 2000
to consider the implementation of a Telephone Utility License Tax. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock still in Planning Commission meeting.
Personnel Policy: At the last meeting Mr. Carroll presented a draft of the proposed Personnel Policy
for County Employees. Does the Board have any comments on this policy at this time?
There was a general discussion regarding this policy draft. Mr. Kendrick has some suggestions and
Mr. Carwile would like to see the policy condensed.
On the issue of Salary Scales the Board by consensus approved for Mr. Carroll to proceed with
getting prices on having this work done.
Financial Update: Mr. Carroll briefed the Board on what had been done on the reports from the
Treasurer, regarding revenue tracking and/or budget spending, as requested by the Board. Is this
report what you were looking for or should there be changes or additional information. Also does
the Board wish to continue receiving the full detailed report of expenditures?
Mr. Kendrick suggested that maybe a brief summary on the bottom of the page as to where we stand
and if and where there may be a shortfall.
Mr. Moore feels this report is sufficient but would like to see graphs or plotted reports.
The majority feels that if the Treasurer sees any problems, she would bring them to the Board’s
attention.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Carwile feel they would like to continue to receive the full detailed report.
However, Mr. Kendrick and Mr. Moore do not feel they need to continue with these.
Financing of New Elementary School: Mr. Carroll is requesting the Board allow him to request
bids from financial institutions for interim financing for the New Elementary School project. He has
been contacted by several institutions expressing interest in financing this project.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the cost of financing this project.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to give Mr. Carroll permission to pursue
financing packages for the Elementary School project. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye. Mr. Hancock still in Planning Commission meeting.
Special Exception: As discussed at a previous meeting, the Board already has the ability for special
exceptions in the Code based upon case law defining special exceptions as the same thing as a