343
of $571.00. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Carter, aye. Mr.
Hancock in Planning Commission Meeting.
Mr. Carter questioned whether or not these convention/education requests could be covered in the
Budget.
Mr. Carroll informed Mr. Carter that these expenses are not included in each Departments Budget
at the beginning of the fiscal year. The Board previously had requested that these items be brought
before the Board for approval prior to attending such conferences.
Mr. Kendrick stated that this type of expenditure should be included in the Budget by each
department head and not acted on each and every time. Maybe the Board should look into this at a
later date.
The VACo Annual Convention will be held at the Homestead on November 12-14. Any Board
member wishing to attend, should contact Mr. Carroll within the next few days.
The Governor is giving state employees July 3" off as part of the July 4" Holiday. In the past the
Board has followed the state’s holiday policy. Does the Board wish to declare the 3rd of July a
holiday and move the Public Hearing and Board of Supervisors meeting to another date?
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board granted County employees July
3TM and July 4th as Holidays in accordance with the Governor’s State Holiday Policy. The Board also
voted to change the Board Meeting and Public Hearing from July 3" to July 10". VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock still in Planning
Commission meeting.
The Virginia Workforce Investment Act Unit has written requesting that public officials provide
them with input as to whether the state should implement a hold harmless clause for the WIA
program. What is the Board’s feeling on this?.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to oppose the Hold Harmless Clause and
instructed Mr. Carroll to write a letter stating the Board’s stance on this issue. VOTE: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning
Commission Meeting.
Mr. Carroll reminded the Board that the proposal by GTE to improve the County’s phone service
will expire July 1,2000. He is requesting permission to proceed with the installation of anew phone
system for the County offices.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow GTE to install a new phone system
for the County offices. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.Carter,
aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Meeting.
The Extension Agency is requesting a supplemental appropriation of $127.86 to 8303-5203 to cover