The next item on the agenda is the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is
provided by the Board to Allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
No one present wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then introduced Mr. Bill Gillespie, Consultant: Mr. Gillespie will review
the agreement between Amherst and Appomattox Counties and the Blue Ridge Regional
Jail Authority.
Mr. Gillespie said that they have traveled a long way of the past several months
regarding the replacement of the present jail. We are at the point now, where the Blue
Ridge Regional Jail Authority Board has voted to admit both the Appomattox and
Amherst Counties and we have a site that has been selected in Amherst County and are
moving rapidly on obtaining this property.
What you have before you tonight for your consideration is to whether or not you want
to approve the service agreement. Mr. Gillespie had a slide presentation to show some
of the financial side of this, as well as a quick overview of what is in the service
agreement.
There was a study called the Community Based Directions Plan done in 2004 and
because we did not do anything until 2006, we had to re-do this study. These are the
number projections as of today. Your numbers are not going down nor stabilizing, they
are steadily going up. There is a significant difference between building on your own.
You have to build to 69 beds which in today’s market would be around 11.1 million
dollars, with a debt service, assuming that the state is paying 25% which quite honestly
you would probably not get, of about $788,000. Your operating costs would be about
$550,000. Plus, you would most likely need another site, resulting in a significant
amount of cost.
Mr. Gillespie also pointed out the figures in joining the Regional Jail Authority. This
would do away with the subsidizing of the present jail.
The agreement covers a lot of things, but what it boils down to is that you become
members of the Jail Authority the date of the agreement, once all the members
approved it. You would then appoint two (2) representatives, have the same vote as
anyone else as it does not have anything to do with population. One of these should be
someone in an administrative position/Board and the Sheriff. You would operate your
current facility until the new facility is ready for occupancy. The Authority has the right
to hire any existing employees in the jail.
There are some reserve funds that are required. An operating reserve is funds which is
required by the bonds that were sold for the original facility. Everybody that is currently
a member, based on their inmate population, has to contribute a certain amount of
money to meet the total operating reserve. Appomattox’s portion of that, based on a 48
inmate occupancy in 2011, would be $141,000. The capitol reserve is just a cash
account that everyone contributes to which covers things such as equipment