671
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to bring Alice Rockefeller on full
time with the standard five percent increase, effective April 1, 1999. Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business at 10:00 P.M. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to recess until April 26, 1999 after the public hearing on the budget. Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
orm. Coke
Samuel E. Carter, Vice-Chairman
A public hearing to consider Appomattox County’s FY2000 (July 1, 1999 to June 30,
2000) budget was held by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors on April 26,
1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger —Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the public hearing to order and stated the purpose of the public
hearing was to receive comments on Appomattox County’s proposed FY2000 budget.
Mr. Bosiger then stated the procedure for addressing comments.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments.
Mrs. Renee Hoffman came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 370,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Hoffman began that she had come before the Board many
times because of her concern for particular issues. Mrs. Hoffman continued that she had
children ages 10, 8, 6, and 4 so therefore she had a very real concern for the school board
budget. Mrs. Hoffman continued by listing the various committees that she was on
through the school system so therefore she was in the schools on a regular basis. Mrs.
Hoffman said that because of this she was aware of many things that need improvement.
Mrs. Hoffman asked that the Board of Supervisors fully fund the school board’s budget
request so that the needs of the children could be met. Mrs. Hoffman in closing reminded
the Board that our children were our greatest assets.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.