267
Mr. Morelli explained that the program is the same for every county and city in Virginia, if they
have adopted land use, with the exception of whether you adopt all four categories of the
program. But as far of the administration you will see some slight differences in the program.
Mr. Morelli called for questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Conrad questioned as to why the General Assembly has not looked into changing the
minimum acreage for land use.
Mr. Morelli stated that with his many years of experience the General Assembly’s position has
been that as you increase the acreage collectively over the entire state Farm Bureaus are going to
say that you have reduced so much acreage out of production that it is going to significally
impact agriculture. Mr. Morelli feels that the General Assembly has listened to this and has
always stayed away from making any changes.
Mr. Morelli did mention that there is a provision in the statue for specialty crops that would have
to be approved by the Department of Agriculture and could have as little as three acres .
Mr. Conrad stated that 75% of Counties in the State have land use in effect. Mr. Conrad asks
Mr. Morelli to give an overall attitude as to how it is working in those counties?
Mr. Morelli stated that he did not believe that any locality has rescinded the entire ordinance, but
most of the counties and the cities stil] have substantial areas of agriculture that they provide land
use. Mr. Morelli stated that most Commissioners or Assessors all have departed from the
recommended values because they are so low and the Counties and Cites cannot afford to give
the recommended values. The statue allows the Commissioner to depart from the recommended
values.
Chairman Craft questioned if in the open space category would you have to have some type crop
that you are farming or can it be growing up in brush.
Mr. Morelli explained that as long as the property meets some sort of recognized conservation
program, you could plant a unique plant or shrub that is recognized by the Department of
Agriculture.
Mr. Carter questioned if you can distinguish within the framework of the ordinance some
perimeters that would designate a hobby farmer verses a true farmer that makes his living off the
land.
Mr. Morelli stated that the only way you could really distinguish would be by the way you
administer the program. Mr. Morelli explained that you will not be able to cap something in the
ordinance so harsh that it would exclude someone from land use that would be able otherwise to
qualify. Mr. Morelli stated that to properly administer this program it generally takes another
person to work on just this program within the office.