443
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:05 P.M. and called for additions or
corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile stated that the minutes of June 22, 1998, with reference to the public hearing
and the public comment session, that he took a stand with the Board of nay, are out of the
context of what was actually said in the executive session, but he would accept them as
they are, since it was really insignificant at this point. Mr. Carwile continued that he had
read the minutes and they met with his approval and therefore made a motion seconded
by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes of the joint meeting of June 22, 1998 and the
regular meeting of July 6, 1998 as submitted. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Charles T. Moses to appear before the Board.
Mr. Moses came forward and stated his purpose for meeting with the Board of
Supervisors was to express his concerns with the proposed purchase of a 600-acre site for
an industrial park. Mr. Moses continued by quoting cost figures related with this
purchase, and in summation he stated that he felt the size of this tract was too large for
Appomattox County. Mr. Moses continued that he felt an industrial park was a positive
thing for Appomattox County but we needed to start smaller. Mr. Moses continued that
he knew of a 100 acre tract on 460 that had already been surveyed and lots laid off for
industrial development and felt that this was a better purchase. Mr. Moses thanked the
Board for their time and stated he felt they would make the right decision in this matter.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Moses.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that Ms. Terri Conrad was not due to appear before 7:30 P.M.
and suggested the Board continue with Administrative Items.
Mr. Bosiger continued that the first item for discussion was a recommendation from the
I.D.A. for the purchase of property for an industrial park. Mr. Bosiger continued that he
was opening the meeting to this topic.
Mr. Torrence stated he had talked with a lot of citizens since the public comment session
on July 13, 1998, and their responses to the proposed industrial site had been favorable.
Having made that statement, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to
accept the I.D.A.’s recommendation to purchase 575 acres from G. D. Gilliam, of which
100 acres could be reserved for a recreational facility, at a price of $2,500.00 per acre for
the purpose of establishing an industrial park and that the Board agrees to finance the
purchase of the industrial park and infrastructure improvements with a $2.5 million lease
revenue bond. That the County accept option “B”, which states, that the County make
interest payments only for the first 5 years and then payments of interest and principal for
the next 15 years. These yearly payments would be subject to annual appropriation of the
Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called for discussion.