164
Mrs. Thomas began by explaining she and her husband were requesting a
special exception to the Zoning Ordinance to allow them to place an
accessory building in the front and to the side of their existing
dwelling.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile that in accordance with Section 170-82(A) Mr. & Mrs. Thomas be
allowed to construct a utility building to the front and side of their
existing dwelling unit. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then thanked and excused Mr. & Mrs. Thomas.
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Phil Krajewski to come before the board.
Mr. Krajewski explained he owned 130+ acres with no road frontage and
wished to give his brother a building lot.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence tq
approve a Special Exception to the Appomattox County Subdivision
Ordinance to allow Phil Krajewski to give his brother a building lot
from a 130+ acre tract having no road frontage. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Krajewski.
Mr. Paulette called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt the Zoning Ordinance should be reviewed and
changed to correct some of the controls in the ordinance.
A discussion followed with no action being taken.
Mr. Bosiger reminded the other Board members that they needed to
proceed with hiring an Assistant County Administrator to take care of
Economic Development/Tourism; Engineering services and other things as
directed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Bosiger and Mrs.
Ferguson were asked to come up with a job description for this person
to present to the Board on October 21, 1996.
Mr. Paulette next inquired as to the status of the Route 648 "Super
Site".
Mrs. Ferguson explained the deed had been recorded and requested
permission to have a professional draft site plans and specifications.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to have
plans and specifications drawn for the 648 Super Site and pay for this
service from 1101-3002.