680
Mr. Moore, Vice Chairman, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and
asked Mr. Carwile to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette arrived.
Mr. Paulette called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of August 7, 1995; and public hearing of
August 21, 1995; and the public meeting of August 28, 1995. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called on Mrs. Terri Conrad to appear before the Board to
inform the Board about Habitat for Humanity.
Mrs. Conrad gave a brief, informative presentation about Habitat for
Humanity, the makeup of its Steering Committee and the purpose of the
group.
Mrs. Conrad explained the plan is to start taking applications January
1996.
After her presentation Mrs. Conrad answered questions concerning the
procedure for obtaining these loans and some of the requirements for
applying for these loans.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mrs. Conrad.
Mr. Paulette asked if any members of the Board had concerns for the
County Administrator to pass along to Mrs. Lindsey, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation.
Mr. Carwile stated he still had not received the letter he was promised
from Ms. Lindsey and was still in need of this information.
Mr. Carwile also, noted a problem with a dangerous ditch area on
Patricia Ann Lane near the Appomattox Elementary School back entrance.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to notify Ms. Lindsey that another
call had been made to L. F. Payne’s Office concerning the improvements
to state route 701.
Mr. Torrence also asked that Ms. Lindsey be informed that there was an
area near Carson’s Farm at Hixburg that the shoulders need mowing. Mr
Torrence will call Mrs. Ferguson Wednesday with the state road number.
Mr. Moore asked Mrs. Ferguson to thank Ms. Lindsey for the action VDOT
took to correct the problems noted at the August 1995 meeting with
state route 656.
Being no further comments for Mrs. Lindsey, Mr. Paulette called Mr.
Monte Mays to appear before the Board.
=