564
West. Mr. Wilson stated that the joint meeting on May 20th, was a polite
meeting between parties which have already decided to “get married” or “at
least engaged”. Most all the questions asked of the contractors, had already
been answered in the Water Source Study or the Scope of Work Agreement. He
indicated that some of the Town and County Officials had not read or studied the
supporting documents. It appears that the questions and comments raised by
concerned citizens were either not heard or were ignored. The people of
Appomattox are not all asleep, disinterested or incapable of deciding what we
want for ourselves or for prosperity. Mr. Wilson made comments on what we
can and cannot afford. He is asking the Board to redirect their energy and tax
dollars to providing water from an Appomattox County source, controlled by a
County Public Service Authority, owned and operated by Appomattox County.
Wade Adams — Mr. Adams stated he is against the proposed 460 water line.
We are under the assumption that water will attract industry. He is retired, but
he spent over 41 years calling on and servicing industry in seven counties, south
and east of Appomattox. All of them have industrial parks and most are 20 years
old or older. Most have ample water supply. Of the seven counties, only one
has attracted meaningful industries - Mecklenburg County. They have a large
work force, an interstate highway and a large water supply — Buggs Island
reservoir. He feels we made a very poor investment by putting taxpayers money
in an industrial park in Appomattox County and it is one in a series of costly
mistakes made by previous boards, all at the expense of the taxpayers.
Mr. Wade has a petition containing about 500 signatures of persons objecting to
this project. They will continue to collect signatures until this matter is resolved.
Appomattox is a nice place to live, work, raise a family or retire. We have an
abundance of beauty, clean air, water and good people. Let’s keep it that way.
Dr. Betty Siano - Dr. Siano began by stating she would like to call her speech
the “Great Industrial Park Hoax”. She further stated she did not envy the job of
the Board of Supervisors. She stated that she, like all of us, have had dreams of
things we would like to accomplish in life. For some however, they come too
late, the timing is off. She is referring to the industrial park. She continued by
comparing this to the General Electric plant in Lynchburg, which began as a
industrial park but had now become part of Liberty University. She has not heard
anything about jobs or lack of them. Let’s not fool ourselves, now is the time for
reality - the United States is becoming a service nation. A nation that will
provide some technology and a lot of service to other nations. The leading
employer in the United States is Wal-mart, second is Krogers, and third - the
health industry.