141
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
At 7:51 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying statement:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2 — 3711 A.7 — of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of a legal advice.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Overstreet to present what was discussed in the Closed Meeting.
He read the following Memorandum of Information to the Board.
“At its meeting on May 2, 2005, the Board awarded a contract for mowing, mulching,
weeding and general yard work around certain county buildings to Larry Ferguson, the
apparent low bidder.
On May 6, 2005, the county received a protest of this award from another bidder.
Upon review of the Invitation to Bid, in particular the "Lawn Care Scope of Work”, we
feel that the protest has merit. The written proposal calls for four discrete activities to
be provided on an “as-needed” basis. As an unintended consequence, the low bidder
may be different depending upon the “need” for any of the activities.
Once the bids were received, the Board awarded the contract based upon estimate of
the frequency ofproviding those services. Because we do not know how often any of
these activities will be “needed” it is not possible to select in a fair and impartial manner
the low bid.
Because of this, we recommend that the Board reject all of the bids pursuant to Section
2.2-4319 of the Code of Virginia and void the awarding the contract to Larry Ferguson
pursuant to Section 2.2-4360 of the Code of Virginia.”
Mr. Overstreet advised the Board to follow this recommendation.
Mr. Overstreet further stated that once a contract has been awarded and then is voided
after the protest, the successful bidder is entitled to reimbursement for performance up
to the date of today’s meeting. The bidder can then ask for reimbursement of any