486
cost of these signs would be $4,983.00 and would be funded through an existing
line item in the FY2004 budget.
Staff recommends that these duplicate signs be purchased and used when
necessary to replace damaged or lost street signs.
Mr. Fred Godsey, E-911 Coordinator, stated he has covered just about every intersection
in the County, checking to see which signs are missing and also making sure the roads
were named properly. There are a few that will need correcting. Approximately 60
signs and 15 posts are missing as of this past week. This is one reason he has
recommended purchasing these duplicate signs which were made in excess and the cost
is at a great savings. It appears this will be an ongoing thing and we will be purchasing
new signs in the future. Mr. Godsey feels that vandalism is the primary reason for so
many signs being down. Some of these down signs have been turned in to the County
Administration Office. Mr. Godsey estimates that there are approximately 118 unnamed
road that may need to be named. It is his understanding that when the E-911 address
packets are delivered to residences by TIMMONS, these residents will be given the
opportunity to name their roads at that time.
Mr. Godsey has spoken with Ms. Rockefeller at the landfill and she has indicated that
she may be able to supply the manpower for putting up the replacement signs.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to purchase
the duplicate signs from Payne’s Parking Designs at a total cost of $4,983.00 which
would be funded through an existing line item in the FY2004 budget. This is a sole
source procurement based on the information supplied by Mr. Godsey. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1
absent)
6. Resolution to Move April 5‘ Meeting: A resolution is necessary to move the
April 5, 2004 Board of Supervisor's meeting to the Appomattox County High
School in anticipation of a large turnout for the Rifle Ordinance public hearing.
Staff recommends adoption of the resolution in order to move the April 5”
meeting to larger quarters in accordance with the Code of Virginia.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approve the
following resolution to move the April 5", 2004 meeting to the Appomattox County High
School.
RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING
THE MOVING OF THE APRIL 5, 2004 MEETING
TO APPOMATTOX COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisor has been asked by members of the public to
pursue a change in the ordinance prohibiting the use of rifles larger than .22-caliber
when hunting within Appomattox County; and