1
On Monday, January 10, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
annual Organizational Meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Old Appomattox Elementary School,
located on Confederate Boulevard, Appomattox, VA. 24522.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Ms. Ferguson called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to give the
invocation.
This being the organizational meeting, Ms. Ferguson stated the first item for
consideration was the nominations for Chairman and the election of Vice-Chairman. Ms.
Ferguson asked if there were any questions regarding the nomination process.
Mr. Russell Moore nominated Mr. Samuel Carter to be Chairman for the upcoming year,
2005, seconded by Mr. Conrad.
Ms. Ferguson asked if there were any other nominations for the Chairman of the Board.
Hearing none, Mrs. Ferguson called for a motion to close the nominations. Mr. Conrad,
made a motion seconded by Mr. Craft that the nominations for Chairman be closed.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson then called for a motion that Mr. Carter be elected Chairman of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors by acclamation. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Carter, abstained (4 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson then turned the meeting over to Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter thanked his fellow board members for their vote of confidence and stated
that he feels each will work together as one team, one unit and that they will move
forward with what is best for the County.
Mr. Carter then called for nominations for the office of Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Moore nominated Mr. William Craft for the office of Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to close the nominations and
elect Mr. Craft as Vice-Chairman of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors by