Mr. Bosiger asked if any of the Board members had any questions or concerns for Mr.
Austin. Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Austin.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Carroll about the status of negotiations with Emanuel Tire of
Virginia. Mr. Carroll stated that they were under way.
Mr. Torrence then stated that he had a question regarding the Courtland property the
Board had agreed to purchase. Mr. Torrence questioned whether the four parcels with
road access were included in the parcel for the school property. Mr. Moore stated that it
was his understanding that these parcels were separate from the parcel, but that the
County could purchase any of the parcels that it needed at the same per acre price as the
larger parcel. Mr. Torrence requested that either Mrs. Ferguson or Mr. Carroll check
with Mr. Fred Lawson to determine if they were included.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he had received a letter from Mr. Ben Marshall requesting that the
Board sell him some of the Courtland property at the chosen school site to provide him
with a buffer zone around his property. It was the consensus of the Board that it would
consider this request after the final plans were developed by the Architect and engineer.
It was agreed that the Board wanted to develop the property in a manner that would
create the least amount of disturbance to the surrounding property owners.
Mr. Torrence then stated that he felt that the Board’s decision at the last meeting
regarding the school site had been a good decision even if he did not agree entirely with
it. He stated that the site selection committee did not have a problem with the Board’s
decision to chose a site different from the one recommended by the committee. Mr .
Torrence stated that he had a serious concern when the credibility and integrity of some
of the Board members was questioned and he wanted to take this opportunity to get it
cleared up. Mr. Torrence then read a quote from the Times- Virginia newspaper that
stated that Mr. Carwile accused Mr. Torrence and others from the site selection
committee of covering up details regarding the different sites. In the article it stated that
Mr. Carwile would not reveal what details he felt were covered up, but did refer to Mr.
Moore's investigation of the sites as his basis.
Mr. Torrence stated that this was not the first time that Mr. Carwile had made these
statements. Mr. Torrence stated that he felt that before the Board left this discussion that
some things needed to be straightened out. Mr. Torrence stated that he wanted to give
Mr. Carwile the opportunity to provide specifics and documented proof that any
members of the committee or the architects/ engineers intentionally and wrongfully
concealed any facts from the Board. Mr. Torrence stated that Mr. Carwile needed to
either provide the specifics of his accusation or offer an apology to the committee for his
statements.