698
After some discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint the
following as members of the Board of Zoning Appeals: Ms. Susan Hudson - two year term; Mr.
Dale Campbell - Four year term; and Mr. James Cheatham - Five year term. Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
7. Memorial in Honor of Mr. C. T. Moses: This item was discussed under Supervisor’s
Concerns at the January 22TM , 2002 meeting centering upon eternal flame.. Decision was
to place on agenda for tonight.
Mr. Carwile stated that the War Memorial with the eternal flame was erected in May 1971. The
American Legion Post 104 accepted the responsibility of this project under the leadership of
Charles T. Moses, Jr., Harold W. Babcock and Ivy Holland, all deceased. It is his belief that there
are only two such eternal flames in Virginia, the one in Appomattox and another in Arlington
National Cemetery. He suggests that a stone be placed at the base of this memorial to recognize
C. T’s. 30 years of dedication to keeping this flame burning.
It was the consensus of the Board that Mr. Carroll and Mr. Carwile work together to get the
wording down for this project and also to get some estimates of cost.
8. Dumpster Site Signs: The Board has requested this be placed on the Agenda for
discussion.
There was a lot of discussion regarding putting signs on the dumpsters stating “TAXES CAN BE
LOWERED BY RECYCLING” OR “SAVE YOUR TAX DOLLARS BY RECYCLING”.
Mr. Carroll stated they have tried this method but it has not worked. People just do not pay
attention to signs. The County does not have an ordinance against not recycling.
The consensus of the Board is to have the Planning Commission develop an ordinance regarding
this type of signage and what the consequences will be when this ordinance is violated.
CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 9-12)
9. Approval of Bills: Bills presented for payment.
10. Approval of Minutes: Minutes of Regular Meeting on December 17, 2001; and
Organizational Meeting of January 7, 2002.
BOARD ACTIONS:
11. Law Library: Expenditure of $108.30 from Law Library.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
12. Sheriff's Department: Supplement line item 3102-1003 Regular Overtime by $86.00 to
reflect payment received for after-school activities.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and