543
Mr. Carter stated that this is not an expense but an investment. Mr. Carter stated that we have
been losing out on this year after year and we are losing out on any kind of industry, technology
that could be coming to our county.
Mr. Craft stated that since January there has been one inquiry for development in the Region
2000 area.
Mr. Carter stated that we have got to go out and actively pursue industry; they are not going to
come and ask us if they can go in our industrial park.
Chairman Conrad stated that the Board could argue over this all night, but he is not going to
change his mind and he is sure that Mr. Carter will not change his so the Board will need to
come to some consensus on this position.
Mr. Tanner questioned if the .01 cent of the tax increase would fund this position. Ms. Ferguson
stated that it would fund this position.
Chairman Conrad stated that he did not feel one cent would cover al! of the needs of an
economic development coordinator.
Mr. Carter stated that we can hold at this budget figure as they will be reporting to the County
Administrator.
Mr. Carter made a motion to sustain necessary funds in the FY2010 budget for an economic
development coordinator. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, nay; Mr. Craft, nay; Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to see $10,000 dollars put into a CIP account for the
Community Park. Mr. Carter stated that we need to get this park up and going.
Mr. Carter made a motion to put $10,000 dollars into the Community Center CIP budget. Mr.
Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
There was in-depth discussion from the Board on the proposed FY2010 budget.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the FY2010 budget with changes as noted at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr.
Carter nay; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, nay.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the tax levy at .49 cents per one hundred. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, nay; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Tanner, nay.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the tax levy at .48 cents per one hundred. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.