270
he had only been working on gathering signatures since Saturday and felt that he could gather many
more given the time. Mr. Moore stated that they believed that the majority of landowners were in
favor of the rifle ordinance.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Danny Pugh to come before the Board.
Mr. Pugh began by giving his address as Route 1, Spout Spring. Mr. Pugh stated that he had a great
deal of experience with rifles and that there were a number of counties that allow rifles and dogs and
he felt that Appomattox County should give their citizens the right to use rifles while hunting with
dogs.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Raymond Mullins to appear before the Board.
Mr. Mullins gave his address as Route 1, Appomattox, Virginia and continued that he hunts with
County Line Hunt Club. Mr. Mullins stated that a lot of the time they hunt in Campbell County
where the rifle is legal. Mr. Mullins continued that he felt that people have the impression that
hunters hunt in subdivisions and that this is not the case. Mr. Mullins stated that mostly hunters hunt
in large tracts of timber with no houses within one half a mile. Mr. Mullins stated that he felt that
it was safe to hunt with rifles in Appomattox County and encourage the Board to change the
ordinance accordingly.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. John Masserini to come forward.
Mr. Masserini gave his address as Route 5 Box 81, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Masserni began by
saying that he has been a firearms instructor in the past and has yet to meet a slob hunter who will
be shooting at someone’s house or children. Mr. Masserni stated that people complain about guys
shooting from the road, he continued that this was illegal and that anyone seeing this should call the
law. Mr. Masserni stated that the difference in rifles and shotguns was that rifles were more
accurate. Mr. Masserni gave some facts concerning rifle usage. Mr. Masserni then commented on
a letter that was in the newspaper. In closing, Mr. Masserni stated that he was in favor of hunting
with rifles in Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Lester Goin to appear before the Board.
Mr. Goin came forward and gave his address as Cloverhill District. Mr. Goin then stated that he had
approximately 200 names on petitions that were against changing the ordinance to allow rifles and
also a petition that was requesting the Board of Supervisors put the matter as a referendum on the
ballot. Mr. Goin continued that he owned seven hundred acres of land and that he had a good
relationship with the hunting clubs and he was concerned with safety. Mr. Goin explained that
citizens already have a fear of hunters and that this would only increase with the use of rifles. Mr.
Goin, in closing, stated that he was not in favor of rifles and would request that the Board allow the