480
Mr. Peterson stated that we need to purchase a total of 31 new
containers for the ten (10) "supersites" and the schools.
Mr. Torrence confirmed that these containers could be purchased from
bond funds.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate bond
funds to purchase four (4) forty yard boxes, open top; and ten (10)
dormer type boxes for recycling. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Peterson the status of purchasing another baler.
Mr. Peterson stated that he had not been able to locate a baler for
less than the quotes that were submitted in a previous meeting.
Mr. Peterson continued by saying that he had received a letter from
Spectrum and Graham Packing Company saying that they are prepared to
take our plastics. The problem is the County does not have the baler
to produce the quantity that is necessary for this company.
Mr. Peterson also explained that site clean-up was continuing to be a
major problem and that recycling was having to be put on hold in order
to keep the sites in order.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to remind the other Board member
that they were supposed to visit with other counties to review their
collection systems and the cost involved. Mr. Carwile continued by
saying that maybe using private haulers would be cheaper than our
present collection system. Mr. Carwile wants the Board to proceed wit
caution and research all possibilities prior to making a final decisio
in this matter.
Mr. Torrence stated that he feels that the decision has been made as
the direction the County should go in and he feels we need to continu
on the course that has been set.
Oct
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that the leachate collection pond was
full and needed to be pumped and hauled to a sewage treatment facility.
Mr. Peterson explained that the cost for a 2000 gallon tank to put on
the dump truck, to haul this leachate, would cost approximately
$5,000.00, which includes a 6" gate valve.
Mr. Carwile stated that he feels all we would need would be a 4" gate
valve.
The Board, by consensus, asked Mr. Peterson to get another bid on
building this tank and return to the Board at the September meeting.
Being nothing further for Mr. Peterson, Mr. Torrence thanked and
excused him.