487
location but would work to keep the site from being unsightly. The
Board also agreed to plant pines or take other measures to try to cut
down on the impact of this site on Mr. Phelps’ property.
Mr. Moore next asked Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court,
to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Williams began by explaining that she had received two (2) bids on
a new filing system for her office. The bid from M & W. Printers was
for $12,800.00 and the bid from C. W. Warthen Co. was for $11,563.00.
Mrs. Williams stated that she is requesting an additional $1,563.00 be
added to her budget to purchase the filing system from C. W. Warthen
Co. at a cost of $11,563.00. Mrs. Williams explained that this would
make 14 filing cabinets free for use in other departments.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve a line
item transfer of $1,563.00 from 1101-5804 to 2106-7002 for the purchase
of a filing system for Mrs. Williams. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Williams next requested the Board approve for her to attend the
Clerk’s Convention.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve paying
Mrs. Williams expenses for attending the Annual Circuit Court Clerk’s
Convention. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Moore next asked if any supervisor had items for discussion.
Mr. Carwile brought up the subject of the County’s participation in the
United Way. Mr. Carwile continued by stating that Town Council has
voted not to participate in the United Way, so therefore, the County
did not need to take action on this issue.
Mr. Carwile next addressed the issue of funds that may be remaining in
the landfill bond account at the end of December 1994.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley,
to write the bond attorney requesting that the County be allowed to
retain any funds remaining in the landfill bond account at the end of
December 1994, to make debt service payments on this bond in the
future. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Carwile next suggested that the Board should look at the proposed
location of the Vera container site to see if what was approved at the
August 15, 1994 meeting is indeed the best route to follow.
Mr. Moore added that he had been to the site and felt that it would be
beneficial for the Board to visit this site.