594
Mr. Kendrick thanked Mr. Blanks for his presentation.
Mr. Kendrick then asked if the Board wished to act on this request. After some discussion, Mr.
Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to place a 1/4 page advertisement in the
Virginia’s Retreat Visitor’s Guide at a cost of $575.00. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Moore, aye.
The next item presented by Mr. Kendrick was Supervisors’ Concerns:
Mr. Moore stated he had been contacted by a member of the Appomattox Garden Club in regards
to the shrubbery in front of the Museum, which will be in the way of construction. The Garden will
have to be removed when the wing is removed from the present building. The Garden Club would
like to know what the County plans to do with this shrubbery and other plants. Mr. Moore believes
the County owns all this shrubbery and should decide if these will be moved to another place within
the Courthouse Complex and moved back once the renovation is completed.
Mr. Carroll suggested he meet with the Garden Club and get their recommendations as to how this
should be done and report back to the Board at the next meeting.
Mr. Kendrick next addressed the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: ( Items 1-6)
1. Resolution Regarding Events of September 11, 2001: NACo has suggested that all
Counties around the Nation pass a resolution regarding the terrorism act of September 11,
2001. Mr. Kendrick read a draft resolution to the Board.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the NACo Resolution regarding the
terrorism act of September 11, 2001, as follows:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, on September 11, 2001, the United States was suddenly and brutally attached by
foreign terrorists, and;
WHEREAS, these terrorists hijacked and destroyed four civilian aircraft, crashing two of them into
the towers of the World Trade Center in New York City, and a third into the Pentagon outside
Washington, D.C., and;
WHEREAS, thousands of innocent Americans were killed and injured as a result of these attacks,
including the passengers and crew of the four aircraft, workers in the World Trade Center and in the
Pentagon, rescue workers and bystanders, and;
WHEREAS, these cowardly acts were far the deadliest terrorist attacks ever launched against the
United Sates, and, by targeting symbols of American strength and success, clearly were intended to
intimidate our nation and weaken its resolve, and;
WHEREAS, these horrific events have affected all Americans. It is important that we carry on with
the regular activities of our lives. Terrorism cannot be allowed to break the spirit of the American
people, and the best way to show these cowards that they have truly failed is for the people of the