45
At 6:37 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting.
Those members present felt that there would be no formal action taken tonight as two (2)
members were absent.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Carroll.
Mr. Carroll passed out information pertaining to the Constitutional Officers funds received from
the Compensation Board, regarding a possible 5% reduction for the Sheriff's Department and a
7% reduction for the other Constitutional Officers. Also the Compensation Board will not make
an official approval of their budget until May 1, 2002.
Also the General Assembly passed legislation this year that allows localities to assess some fees
in order to pick up additional revenue. The Sheriff, in anticipation of the budget cuts, would like
to enact some of these fees. These would be collected thru the Clerk’s Office and transferred to
the Treasurer.
In order for these fees to be imposed, the Board would have to draft an ordinance and have a
public hearing.
The General Assembly passed legislature (SB419) imposing a $25.00 fee for anyone convicted
of a felony for taking a blood sample for the DNA database. No ordinance is needed to collect
this fee. Also, refer to fines that can be imposed for DUI convictions where emergency services
have to respond, the amount cannot exceed $1,000.00 (this ordinance was drafted and imposed
by Roanoke County). Anytime there is an accident and either the police, fire department or
rescue squad has to respond and the person is convicted of DUI, there will be an automatic fine
and this will be returned to the County.
There was also some discussion regarding raising the fines for illegal parking.
Mr. Carroll will instruct staff to pursue drafting ordinances for additional revenue collections.
Mr. Carroll next presented items of concern regarding information the School Board provided the
School Administration at its last meeting. The School Board did not act upon this information.
The School Board will meet with the Board of Supervisors on April 8, 2002 at 6:30 p.m.
The tax rate should be also be set at this meeting in order to meet the tax collection date of June
5, 2002.
Mr. Carwile had several questions regarding items on the School Budget. Are these figures
Budget figures or expenditures?
The Board of Supervisors requested Mr. Carroll ask the School Board to provide the FY-01