496
time obtain a formal credit rating for the County, Mr. Rose stated that they would come back on
May 4" with a thorough examination of the aforementioned altematives; Davenport would
provide the County with a recommendation regarding its most favorable strategic alternative.
Mr. Rose stated that Davenport at the end of May/June would be able to fulfill all legal
requirements to complete the restructuring and new money financing.
Chairman Conrad stated that we are looking at making the County as flexible as possible to deal
with the future but at the same time not to make it cumbersome or burdensome to the tax payers.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we are looking at this strictly to position ourselves better because of the
situation with the economy being the way it is now, and stated that you will be seeing, as David
said an impact later on the capital improvement plan for school projects.
It was the consensus of the Board for Davenport to proceed with the restructure.
Chairman Conrad called for questions from the board hearing no questions; Chairman Conrad
thanked Mr. Rose and Mr. Siegel for their presentation and valuable information.
Chairman Conrad next called on Ms. Sara Henderson, Commissioner of Revenue to come and
speak with the board to answer any questions that the Board may have on the estimated tax for
FY2009.
Ms. Henderson thanked the Board for the opportunity to speak with them about the projected
revenue, Ms. Henderson first pointed out the estimated loss revenue due to land use will be
approximately $218,483.17. Ms. Henderson then explained how she was able to calculate this
figure and feels confident that this figure is correct.
Ms. Henderson stated that she is sure the Board is aware a lot of citizens have to deal with job
loss and as a representative of the County she asked the Board to keep the tax rate as low as
possible.
Ms. Henderson stated that the personal property values are down twelve percent due to the
difficult economic times. Ms. Henderson also asked the Board to change the tax due date to June
27 2009 to give her office extra time to work on these and process applications.
Chairman Conrad called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter asked Ms Henderson how many applications were received for land use. Ms.
Henderson stated 522 applications have been received.
Chairman Conrad asked how long it takes to process an application. Ms. Henderson stated that
without any interruptions it takes approximately 20 minutes per application.
Ms. Henderson walked the Board through the application process.