518
Recommendation is that the Board approve putting the specified Gas Extraction
System out to bid.
Ms. Ferguson explained that this system would recover the gases at the landfill, this is
not an option. Estimates costs of this project are $465,000 for the system and $150,000
for the engineering fees for the installation.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to place the Landfill Gas
Extraction system out for bids. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Library Board Appointment: An appointment needs to be made from the
Wreck Island District to fill Ms. Nina Beasley’s unexpired term. We have run an
ad but have had not response.
Mr. Armbrust stated he had spoken with Ms. Cindy Thomas and she is willing to fill the
unexpired term of Ms. Beasley on the Library Board.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to appoint Ms. Cindy Thomas to fill
the unexpired term of Ms. Nina Beasley on the Library Board from the Wreck Island
District. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
8. Letter of Support for U. S. Marshals Museum: The City of Staunton is one
of two cities competing to be the site of a new museum celebrating the history of
the U. S. Marshals Services. The other finalist is Fort Smith, Arkansas. Staunton
has requested letters of support from Virginia localities since it is felt that this
new museum will be a benefit to the entire state.
After a brief discussion, the Board by consensus, agreed to write a letter of support to
the City of Staunton, Virginia, supporting it bid for the U. S. Marshall’s Museum.
8A. Commissioner of Revenue- Presentation on Land Assessment:
Mr. Mays has contacted Ms. Ferguson stating that he has everything in order,
done all the background work for the Land Taxation issue that he has been
reviewing for the County and would like to schedule a work session to go over
this information.
After some discussion, the Board elected to hold the Work Session for Tuesday, October
10, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. at the Old Juvenile and Domestic Courtroom.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 9 - 15)
9. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes for the Regular meeting on
September 18, 2006.
10. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
LINE ITEM TRANSFERS: