229
On Monday, April 7, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building,
located on 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark - Planner
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors meeting to order at
6:30 p.m. and called on Supervisor Moore to deliver the invocation. Everyone joined in
the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Craft welcomed everyone to the meeting and called for the setting of the
agenda. Mrs. Ferguson provided additional item 7A which was added to the agenda for
consideration.
Chairman Craft next called for citizen public comments. Hearing none, Chairman Craft
addressed Administrative Item #1 Public Hearing on the Proposed FY2009 budget.
Chairman Craft asked the Board if they had any objections to the Public Hearing on the
Proposed FY2009 budget being scheduled for April 21, 2008 at 6:15 p.m. It was the
consensus of the Board to hold this public hearing on April 21, 2008 at 6:15 p.m.
Chairman Craft addressed Administrative Item #2- Region 2000 Services Authority
Public Hearing. Chairman Craft stated that the Board may need the County Attorney to
go over this before holding the public hearing.
Mr. Conrad stated that there is a lot of information provided in this material that the
Board needs to understand that is of interest. Mr. Conrad stated that we are allowed a
private hauler. Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needed to be aware of the consequences
when terminating this agreement without cause. Mr. Conrad stated that he is under the
impression that the Board can terminate the agreement, but in talking with Administrator,
all entities that are involved in bringing us into this agreement must agree to allow us to
terminate our contract.
Mr. Carter made a motion to hold a public hearing on May 19, 2008 to receive public
comment on the Proposed Region 2000 Services Authority Agreement. Mr. Moore
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.