54
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, March 7, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held its regularly scheduled meeting in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va. 24522.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet, County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Carter then asked everyone present to stand and give the Pledge of Allegiance to
the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda: One item was added: 17A -
Supplemental Appropriations: Landfill - $18,680.00 — Part “B” Application Fee.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen’s Public Comments: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizens.
Mr. Zack Rosser came forward and stated he would like to speak on Julius Rosenwall
who was CEO of Sears, Roebuck & Co. in the early 1900s. Mr. Rosenwall and George
Washington Carver joined together to build schools through the South for black children.
Mr. Rosenwall matched the funds that the communities raised and was able to get five
(5) schools built in Appomattox County one of which was the Carver School. The black
community would like to have the front wing of the Appomattox Elementary School for
use as part of the Carver-Price Legacy Museum.
Ms. Lillian Adams came forward and stated she is an alumni of the Carver-Price High
School. Ms. Adams wished to say a few words regarding the Carver-Price Legacy
Museum. The lease on the property known as Carver High School only included one-
half of the historical area of the Carver-Price High School. There is a growing interest in
the creating of a museum and cultural activities in many counties. Here in Appomattox
County we had a friend and former County Supervisor, Mrs. Mozella J. Price, who served
and worked very hard and dedicated her life for 44 years to the youth of Appomattox
County. For years the property on Route 460 was know by this very name. We have
come here as concerned citizens and tax payers to support this museum and request a
lease to the property formerly known as Carver-Price High School. That includes a
bathroom facility for senior citizens and disabled citizens. Most of us are 70 years of age
or over, who graduated from this school and who will be attending this museum from
time to time.