522
Mr. Roark explained that the environmental review is complete with no complications and all
final documents will be complete and in order by the end of the week. Mr. Roark stated that a
letter had been sent to CCUSA with our comments and he understands that they have no
complications with what was sent and they would be following up with answers to some
questions from the Board.
Mr. Roark next stated that USDA application will be submitted by May 15", 2009, and the
STAG Grant is anticipated to be submitted by May 15"*"°. Mr. Roark stated that the application
for VDH has been received and they are anticipating an announcement later this week by
Governor Kaine. Mr. Roark explained that 255 applications had been received and they usually
receive 40-50 applications,
Mr. Roark stated that Hurt and Proffitt has completed the base map of the Waterworks Master
Plan.
Mr. Roark explained the amendments to the MOU with the Town and this has been worked on
with Mr. Overstreet and the EDA and this has been sent to the Town and it will be placed on the
Town’s agenda.
Mr. Carter made a motion to accept the Town/County Water and Sewer MOU dated April 12,
1999 Amendment II. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion, hearing no discussion,
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Town/County Water and Sewer M.O.U. Dated April 12, 1999
Amendment IT
The purpose of this amendment is to establish a general understanding concerning the
undeveloped commercial area along Route 460 (Richmond Highway) from the west Town
Limits to the Route 26 (Oakville Road) overpass as it relates to sanitary sewer service.
A. The Industrial Development Authority of the County of Appomattox (IDA) as previously
identified in this agreement has changed its name to the Economic Development Authority of the
County of Appomattox (EDA). For the purpose of this amendment, this entity will be identified
as the “EDA”,
B. This amendment pertains to the portion of the sanitary sewer line that lies within the town
boundary and as generally shown in the attached sketch.
C. The Town, County, and EDA by virtue of this amendment hereby agree that the portion of the
force main owned by the County/EDA and lying within the Town boundary may be utilized by
prospective customers for sanitary sewer service. Such service will be based on the Town’s
ability to provide the service and all arrangements for connections and all fees associated with
said service shall be coordinated with and/or paid to the Town.
D. Additionally, the Town, County, and EDA agree that any future upgrades that may be necessary
due to development in this undeveloped commercial area will be at the expense of the Town.
E. Furthermore, the Town, County and EDA agree that any capacity utilized within the Town
boundary along this force main shall not reduce the capacity of this force main or reduce the