098
recessed meeting of November 4, 1992, the regularly scheduled
monthly meeting of November 9, 1992 and the telephone poll of
November 16, 1992 were presented for approval, copies having
been transmitted to members of the Board prior to the
meeting. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to dispense with the reading of the minutes. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. Mr. Carwile then stated
he had several comments and corrections regarding the minutes
and Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any objections to
postponing discussion of the minutes until later in the
meeting. Hearing no objections, Mr. Jamerson called Ms.
Sandra Lindsey, VDOT Resident Engineer.
Ms. Lindsey reported she had not yet received any information
from the Traffic Engineering Department on the request of Mr.
Carwile for a reduced speed limit on Route 608. Ms. Lindsey
also reported on the progress of the Route 460 Bypass
construction. She acknowledged several accidents have
resulted because of traffic rerouting in the construction
area west of the Town of Appomattox, but assured the Board
all practicable measures have been employed to warn motorists
of the dangers. These include signs, median barriers,
flagmen, lights, etc. Ms. Lindsey further assured the Board
the contractor was doing everything possible to speed up the
construction including working during night time hours and
that if the weather conditions permit, dual lane traffic
patterns will be restored at the shopping centers’ entrances
by next week. Mr. Jamerson asked if Board members had any
questions for Ms. Lindsey. Mr. Torrence asked the status of
the Route 622 project. Ms. Lindsey replied the project will
be advertised for in January, bids received in February, the
contract awarded in March, and work started by April. Mr.
Torrence also asked about a "deep cut off" at Natour’s store
on Route 24. Ms. Lindsey said she would investigate. Mr.
Carwile asked if anything else could be done to reduce
traffic accidents at the Route 460 Bypass. Mr. Carwile
expressed concern insurance rates would escalate in the area
because of the recent rash of accidents. Ms. Lindsey said
she had worked very hard to get the speed limit reduced to 35
M.P.H. in the work zone and had done everything she knew of
except installing temporary signals or assigning flagmen at
the entrances to the shopping centers 24 hours per day. Ms.
Lindsey further explained she felt the rate of accidents was
less now (6 in one (1) month) than it was prior to the
construction restrictions. She also expressed her opinion
that drivers were being impatient trying to enter Route 460
traffic before it was safe to do so. Mr. Moore suggested the
flagmen be dressed in more visible clothing.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey and called Mr.
Charles Peterson, Landfill Supervisor. Mr. Peterson
distributed sample promotional recycling aids and information
that is to be distributed to school children. Mr. Peterson
reported the Landfill had received an average of 38 tons per
day during November and the recycling rate was the same as
that in October. Gate billings were $9515.00 in November
down from about $13,000.00 in October. Collection of brush