559
There was some discussion regarding the cost of permits, testing, etc. for a
County owned reservoir.
The ultimate question at this time is, if we do not do this study, we will never
know if we can or cannot afford to develop a water system.
Mr. Carter asked that the Water Issue be placed on the agenda for the next
meeting of the Board of Supervisors on June 7, 2004.
Mr. Carter thanked everyone for a very productive meeting
At 7:12 p.m. Mr. Mayberry made a motion, seconded by Mr. Mitchell, to adjourn
the Town Council. All voted aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, for the Board of Supervisors
to take a short recess. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 7:30 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board meeting and called for further
review of the FY2005 Budget.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board of some changes that had been made in the
budget since the last meeting. She had contacted the Auditors regarding making
changes since the synopsis had already been published. She was informed that
changes could be made at any time before the Budget was adopted. She also
asked if Capitol Improvement money could be used to pay the debt service on
the Courthouse. The answer was yes.
She also asked the Board to go back to Department 3501 — Animal Control: We
have received a letter from the Virginia Dept. of Agriculture & Consumer Affairs —
Division of Animal Control that they wanted to meet with her to access civil
penalties because we do not have separate facilities for cats and dogs. We are
going to have to build a new animal pound. We may have to use Capitol
Improvement funds for this purpose.
Mr. Martin has included in his budget, a salary increase to the middle bracket of
his salary range - $30,883. A 10% increase will bring him up to $29,159,
everyone else is getting a 3% increase, which would give him $27,303. At the
present time we have a part-time employee who cleans the pound and feeds the
animals, seven days a week. We are also looking at the need for another part-
time person in the future. This is something the Board needs to be thinking
about.