430
the plans any further. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has a copy of Mr. Park Sneads plans with
comments from Mr. Jamerson and the Building Inspector.
Chairman Conrad stated that both gentlemen, Mr. Jamerson and Mr. Hamlett, feel the plans
submitted by Mr. Snead are adequate for the park.
Mr. Conrad asked the Board where they want to go from here, if the plans are adequate, if you
are going to draw more plans it will be more money.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Perkins had mentioned the World Series to Mr. Carter as being the
problem, so Ms. Dixon has looked into this and this building would, with a few minor changes,
meet the standards for holding the World Series.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had made a call today and the height problem could be fixed with
adjusting the elevation which would not require a taller building. Mr. Tanner stated that Mr.
Snead had done an excellent job on these plans and feels he should be commended.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — Habitat for Humanity building permit and
called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the request to waive building permit fees for house number
15 for the Habitat of Humanity. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #6 — Drought response and water conservation
measures and called for discussion.
Mr. Moore made a motion to set a public hearing for February 17°", 2009 at 6:00 P.M. to receive
comment on proposed Drought Response and Water Conservation Measures for Appomattox
County. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Moore’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion,
hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7 — Region 2000 Services Authority Solid
Waste Management Plan and called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to schedule a public hearing for February 17", 2009 at 6:15 P.M. to
receive comment on the proposed regional solid waste management plan. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#8- 460 Waterline Project and called for
discussion.