360
Mr. Godsey presented the Board with the Emergency Operations Plan for
Appomattox County and gave a brief explanation of how services are to
be provided, under the plan during a disaster. Mr. Godsey then asked
the Board to pass a resolution adopting the operations plan.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
AUTHORIZING ADOPTION OF
EMERGENCY OPERATIONS PLAN FOR APPOMATTOX COUNTY
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors for the County of Appomattox,
Virginia, is greatly concerned with the health, safety, and well-being
of its citizens and desires that the best possible emergency services
by available to them: and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia Emergency Services and
Disaster Law of 1973, Chapter 3.2 of Title 44 of the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, requires that each city and county in the
Commonwealth maintain an Emergency Operations Plan (BOP) which
addresses its planned response to emergency situations; and
WHEREAS, such an EOP has been developed by County staff in
coordination with the Virginia Department of Emergency Services
incorporating input from responsible local agencies.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox, Virginia that, on the 7th of February, 1994, it
does hereby officially adopt the revised and current Appomattox County
Emergency Operations Plan, to include plans and procedures for both
peacetime and war-caused disasters.
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
After discussion concerning evacuation centers and the need for a
generator to keep the center usable in all circumstances, the Board
thanked and excused Mr. Godsey.
Mr. Torrence next recognized Mr. Phillip Jamerson of the ACTIONS
committee.
Mr. Jamerson began by stating that he would just read the ACTIONS
committee’s agenda and explained that the committee’s basic goal was t
assist the School Board in completing the athletic complex.
oO
Mr. Jamerson explained that there were four (4) sub-committees set up
to handle various aspects of the project. They are as follows:
1) Design Committee, Chairman Fred Kruschwitz
2) Funding Committee, Chairman W. E. "Bill" Jamerson
3) Publicity Committee, Co-Chairman, Debbie Rush and Frank