201
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Sheriff Staples met with the Board of Supervisors requesting funds for
mental health services for jail inmates and additional medical funds
for inmates. Sheriff Staples explained no mental health funds were
placed in the budget because the Board wanted to keep up with expenses
in this area. Sheriff Staples also explained that due to a $10,895.00
medical expenditure for one inmate, his medical funds had been depleted.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
appropriate $10,000.00 to 3301-3001. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if the Board wished to act on Sheriff Staples other
appropriation request at this time.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $488.74 to 3102-1002; $800.00 to 3301-3001; and $13,700.00
to 4302-3002 to pay for replacing the roof on the jail. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Sheriff Staples and called Ms. Faye K
Straub, Director of Fair by the James, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Straub began by explaining the dates for the Fair by the James had
been set for May 22-26, 1997 with a Memorial Day theme. Ms. Straub
explained some of the features included in Fair by the James and
requested a resolution of support from the Board of Supervisors.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the "Fair by the James" is a nonprofit organization
dedicated to promoting youth education, agriculture and commerce in th
Central Virginia Region;
©
WHEREAS, the Fair’s primary goal is to enhance learning
opportunities for youth in the Central Virginia Region through the
provision of educational scholarships;
WHEREAS, the "Fair by the James" offers an educational and
entertainment venue to the citizens of the Region and provides them