694
They are requesting the Board donate $1,000.00 for the cost of providing these brochures to be
sent to travel agencies, tour Bus operators, schools, etc. They are asking that these funds be set
aside and disbursed when bills and invoices are presented for payment. They will be reporting to
the Board on a quarterly basis. They intend to ask the Town of Appomattox to donate a similar
amount of support and hope they will respond positively. They would like a response within the
next couple of months.
After some positive comments from the Board, Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Wilson.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to have a closed session as per ยง2.2-3711.A.7 legal matters:.
(1) Courthouse litigation and (2) Biosolids Regulations.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore at 7:40 p.m. for the Board to enter into a
closed session in order to discuss legal matters. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 10:10 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Hancock the Board returned to
regular session. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter read the following certifying statement:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under Section 2.2-3711.A.7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing legal matters.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if there were any discussion as a result of the closed session.
Mr. Carroll stated these would be covered under Item 1 of the Administrative Items:
Administrative Items: (Items 1 - 8)
L. Proposed Ordinances: On January 22, 2002 a public hearing was held to receive
comments on three (3) proposed ordinances:
a. Chapter 71, Erosion & Sediment Control Ordinance.
b. Chapter 170, Section 97.1, Joint Board of Zoning Appeals (revision)
c. Chapter 170, Articles XXI, Intensive Livestock Ordinance