621
Bill McGrath, 272 Gobber Hill Lane, Appomattox, VA: He used to build houses in
Appomattox County on 12 acre lots. Now, you have to have a minimum of 1 acre lots.
He recently moved from King William County where there is tremendous pressure from
people coming from Richmond to live in the rural counties. His property was part of a
3,000 acre dairy farm. If his property tax was like that in King William County, he would
have been long gone. We, in this county, have building codes that have not been
updated from the ‘70s & ‘80s and we should have a property tax that would pay to build
schools and provide services for the people who move into the County. He feels the
building codes should be looked at for potential revenue instead of taxing the farmer.
Bobby Stewart, 3481 Watt Abbitt Road, Appomattox, VA: The only thing he has
to say is “we are not poor farmers, we are business men” and we work hard, really
hard. As a business man, he has to find the “bottom line”.
Roy Woody, 1340 Piney Mountain Road, Appomattox, VA: All the talk about
giving a tax break is fine, but after they do this and they decided to sell their property,
they should pay the tax as everyone else does plus interest on the money. This is the
fair way to do this, as property owners are paying their taxes now. Farmers and large
land owners, should not be the only ones getting a break.
Orie Milner, 356 Wagon Wheel Road, Appomattox, VA: His family owned a dairy
farm located where the Transcontinental Gas-pipe line is now. What is now the Falling
River County Club was also a dairy farm. We used to have 10 to 15 dairy farms in the
county, now you will be lucky to find 4 or 5, they are all gone. Tobacco farms in
Appomattox County are all gone. You have to have at least 400 — 500 acres of land just
to make a living with beef cattle. The Farm Bureau or any other farm agency will tell
you that it take 3 acres to sustain 1 cow and 1 calf. Farmers cannot recuperate the cost
of expenses upon selling cattle. He bought two farms and cleaned them up and has
been told he has one of the prettiest farms in the county, but if his taxes continue to go
up at the rate they are now, he will have to sell this farm because he cannot afford to
pay $300 a month taxes on the land with the cattle he has. A lot of people are coming
in here from New York and New Jersey and buying land for retirement. They have sold
land up north for about five times what they pay for land here. He does not wish to be
taxed off his property.
Jim Nolen, 2431 Purdum Mill Road, Appomattox, VA: He has one or two
comments. The definition of a farm is ridiculous - five acres and a $1000. There area
lot of farmers here tonight that couldn’t park their equipment of five acres. It is real
important to him for the farmers that are farming to get the benefit of this program, not
every Tom, Dick, and Harry that has five acres. The other thing is that from many years
of appraising, the first thing he looks at is the tax card. Over the years the tax
assessment on the land typically has been well under what it will sell for. The tax
assessment on houses, if they are relativity new has been pretty accurate. It they are
real old, they will sell for a lot more than the assessment. He believes in consolidating.
Ms. Edith McCormick, Spout Spring, VA: She is here as the caretaker of the land
that is left in her care. Access to land should not be based on wealth. We should be