489
discussion. Mr. Lawson continued that if Mr. Carwile owns or has any interest in the
property in question a conflict of interest is definite.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Lawson to define interest.
Mr. Lawson stated that if Mr. Carwile had a financial interest in the property either
through his business or his immediate family’s business then that would constitute an
interest.
Mr. Carwile then asked that if he did some work on the property for others would that
constitute an interest?
Mr. Lawson stated that Mr. Carwile knew whether or not he had an interest in the
property and then asked Mr. Carwile if he owned the property.
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not own the property.
Mrs. Austin then stated that she didn’t know whether the property was in Mr. Carwile’s
name or his sons, but that she had attended the auction at which the land was sold and
Mr. Carwile had personally bid on the land and had purchased the land.
Mr. Lawson again asked Mr. Carwile if he had an interest in the property.
Mr. Carwile stated that he could assure Mr. Lawson that he had no interest in the property
but that he would not vote or participate in the discussion any further.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter, that a 60 Day
Moratorium be placed on all mobile homes in Southside District and that no one be
allowed to proceed with blocking, anchoring, installing wells or septic systems to mobile
homes until the Planning Commission returns to the Board with a recommendation.
Discussion continued!
Mr. Moore questioned if it would be legal to tell people who had already obtained their
permits that they could not continue with installing their mobile homes.
Mr. Moore addressed Mr. Lawson and asked if he had a problem with this.
Mr. Lawson said “No”.
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Lawson for clarification that he did not see a problem with
keeping people from moving into their homes or receiving inspections even after they
had gotten permits.
Mr. Lawson stated that it was really up to the Board to determine what they wanted to do
but he did not see a problem with this course of action.