376
courtroom be left as it is, including the slanted floor. They would also like to see the
present light fixtures be replaced with a more period lighting system.
The Courthouse Committee will work on this issue. Mr. Moore and Mr. Carwile would
like to see the slanted floor remain because it gives a better view of the room as a whole.
Mr. Moore will relay these ideas to the Committee.
Mr. Carter then moved to the Administrative Items: (Items 1-6)
1. Water Study Recommendations: On September 23” the Board met with the
Appomattox Town Council to receive the water study report.
It is recommended that the Board accept the recommendations as submitted in the
Water Study report and inform the Appomattox Town Council of their decision.
It is further recommended that the Joint Committee formed to conduct the Water
Study provide continuing guidance to implement the project.
Mr. Carwile stated that this issue has been before the Board too long and it is time to do
something constructive and get this project underway. The figures that were presented to
us recently were truly below what we had expected.
After a lengthy discussion regarding some legality issues, Mr. Carwile made a motion,
seconded by Mr. Kendrick to accept the recommendations as written and that the joint
Town and County Water Study Committee will provide guidelines on the
implementation:
1. The scenario involving a waterline from the City of Lynchburg along the U. S.
Route 460 corridor to portions of Campbell County and Appomattox should be
pursued. This line would provide finished water from the City of Lynchburg, which
in turn would be purchased by Campbell County and Lynchburg.
2. Achievement of this project will require a considerable amount of funding; probably
from a number of agencies. Appomattox, being the prime recipient of water, will
need to take the lead and select an individual with considerable knowledge regarding
the various agencies to pursue the funding.
3. It is also recommended that Appomattox seek the backing of both Campbell County
and the City of Lynchburg for this project. This will make the project a regional
objective and increase the potential for success.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
submitted its recommendations regarding:
Mr. Carwile disqualified himself from any action on Petition. #03-527
Petition #03-526 — John & Linda Eby — Conditional Use Permit to operate a
shooting preserve in the A-1 Agricultural District per §170-34(A)(32) of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 609 between Rt.
608 and Rt. 698, Tax Map #60(A)7.