692
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on October 2, 1995 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board conference
room, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
ne!Mr. Paulette brought up the issue of paving a 300’ section of Route 6
After discussion, Mr. Torrence stated he would try to talk to the two
(2) property owners involved and see if they would agree to change
their minds and donate right of way to complete that project.
Mr. Paulette also stated the container site on Route 622 had been
completed and it was a nice looking site.
Discussion followed as to the height of the boxes and using flaps to
keep trash out of the gap between the wall and the box.
Mr. Carwile stated he was concerned with the proposed G.T.E increase
and the effect it would have on County citizens. Mr. Carwile also
asked for a resolution opposing the proposed rate increase.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence jt
adopt a resolution opposing the proposed G.T.E. rate increase. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
©.
Mr. Paulette then asked Dr. Thomas to come forward and present his
request to the Board.
Dr. Thomas stated he felt that after everyone had been provided with
the opportunity to review the site plan with the buildings drawn to
scale; the consensus was to go with moving the athletic fields to
accommodate the new building.
Mr. Carwile asked Dr. Thomas if the School Board was in favor of the
site plan as presented.
Dr. Thomas stated that all five (5) members of the School Board
recognized the necessity to relocate the fields due to the limited open
area on the Middle School lot.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to support the site
plan for the Middle School as presented by Dr. Thomas, and override ar
previous motion made. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; My
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business at 8:42 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion second
by Mrs. Beasley to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, "hs Mr. To.
Chairman
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District