269
ATTACHMENT B
LESSEE'S AUTHORIZING RESOLUTION
Whereas, Appomattox County Board of Supervisors (the "Governmental Entity"), a body politic and corporate duly organized and
existing as a political subdivision, municipal corporation or similar public entity of the State of Virginia (the "State"), is euthorized by
the laws of the State to purchase, acquire and lease personal property for the benefit of the Governmental Entity and its inhabitants and
to enter into contracts with respect thereto; and
Whereas, in order to acquire such equipment, the Governmental Entity proposes to enter into a lease-purchase transaction pursuant to i
that certain Governmental Equipment Lease-Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement") with Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation, 1
the form of which has been presented to the governing body of the Governmental Entity at this meeting;
Now, Therefore, Be It And It Is Hereby Resolved:
Section 1, Approval of Documents,The form, terms and provisions of the Agreement and all other schedules and exhibits attached
thereto are hereby approved in substantially the form presented at this meeting, with such insertions, omissions and changes as shal] be
approved by counsel of the Governmental Entity or other members of the governing body of the Governmental Entity executing the
same, the execution of such documents being conclusive evidence of such approval; and the persons halding the titles tisted below or
any other officer of the Governmental Entity who shall have the power to execute contracts on its behalf are hereby authorized and
directed to execute, acknowledge, countersign and deliver the Agreement and all exhibits attached thereto, and the Secretary/Clerk of
the Governmental Entity is hereby authorized to attest to the foregoing and affix the seal of the Governmental Entity to such
documents.
Section 2, Other Actions Authorized, The officers and employees of the Governmental Entity shall take all action necessary or
reasonably required by the parties to the Agreement to carry out, give effect to and consummate the transactions contemplated thereby
and to take all action necessary in conformity therewith, including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of any closing and
other documents required to be delivered in connection with the Agreement.
Section 3. No General Liability, Nothing contained in this Resolution, the Agreement, or any other instrament shall be construed with
respect to the Governmental Entity as incurring a pecuniary liability or charge upon the general credit of the Governmental Entity or
against its taxing power, nor sball the breach of any agreement contained in this Resolution, the Agreement, or any other instrument or
document executed in connection therewith impose any pecuniery liability upon the Governmental Entity or any charge upon its
general credit or against its taxing power, except to the extent that the payments payable under the Agreement are special limited
obligations of the Governmental Entity as provided in the Agreement.
Section 4, Authorized Signatories, Following are the true names, correct titles and specimen signatures of the incumbent officers
referred to in the foregoing resolution:
‘Name (Print or Type) Title (Print or Type) Signature
John K.Spencer Asst. County Administrator
Section 5, Effective Date. This Resolution shal! be effective immediately upon its approval and adoption. This Resolution was
adopted and apprpxed on 2008 .
Signature: .
Secretery-/Gterk
Name Printed:, Victoria C. Phelps
Date: May 19, 2008
en HON DCT
ap vat |
Chairman Craft called for discussion on this resolution and hearing none Mr. Tanner made a
motion to adopt the resolution authorizing the County Administrator and the Assistant County
Administrator to sign documents related to the lease of the new loader. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr.