494
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Craft delivered the invocation which was then followed by
the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda, Ms. Sara Henderson was added to the
agenda under appearances and Administrative Item #6A — VDOT was added.
Hearing no public comment, Chairman Conrad called on Mr. David Rose with Davenport and
Mr. Dan Siegel with Sands Anderson Marks & Miller to come and speak with the Board.
Mr. Rose stated that he would like to walk through the presentation to give an overview of some
opportunities and to give some perspective on the County as we are in the midst of the budget
season.
Mr. Rose stated that he has set this presentation up in four sections and it will be very informal.
If the Board should have any questions he would be glad to answer and if he cannot answer the
questions he will get an answer and get back with the Board.
Mr. Rose stated that the County is facing a series of funding requirements over the next six to
eighteen months including the general fund debt service of $2.4 million in Fiscal Year 2010,
which is nearly identical to the FY2009 Debt Service Requirement of $2.47 million and In
addition financing for approximately $3.4 million in new money project cost to be obtained for
Fiscal Year 2010. Mr. Rose stated that although it is expected that this project will produce
revenue for the County to offset debt service over time, the plan of finance assumes no such
revenue is available and no federal stimulus funding is assumed to be available for this project.
Mr. Rose stated that some key considerations first being the Fiscal Year 2010 budget will be one
of the most difficult budges in recent memory given the current economic recession. The second
point is because of the Counties historically prudent financial management, the County is in a
strong position to potentially access the credit markets with a favorable investment grade credit.
Mr. Rose stated that the third point is that the County has enjoyed stable and historically solid
general fund expenditures.
Mr. Rose stated that the fourth point is that the County currently has 18.9 million of debt
outstanding, which will be retired in full by FY2023, and, as a result of the rapid debt repayment
timetable, the County’s payout ratio on existing debt is above 85%, which is well above the peer
group average of 50%-60%.
Mr. Rose stated that finally the ability to conserve cash flow in the coming fiscal year(s) will be
critical to maintaining budget flexibility and credit quality.
Mr. Rose stated that with all that being said they also have some goals and objectives which he
will not go over all of them but essentially they wanted to try to identify the financing option(s)
that will assist the County in addressing critical FY’s 2010, 2011, and 2012 budgetary needs and
preserve its undesignated fund balance. Mr. Rose stated that in addition they wanted to maintain