520
Development and Revenue Bond Act (the “Act”), with the County providing its moral
obligation in support of the payment of the Bonds; and
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia:
1. The Board of Supervisors hereby accepts the Plan of Financing with the Selected
Option as presented by the Consultants and instructs the Consultants to take all such
action as necessary or appropriate to conclude the financing as set forth in the Plan of
Financing with the Selected Option by the issuance of the Bonds by the Authority.
2. The Board hereby declares, in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section
1.150-2, as amended from time to time, the County’s intent to reimburse the County
with the proceeds of the 2009B Bond for Expenditures with respect to the Project
made no more than 60 days prior to the date of the adoption of the Resolution. The
County reasonably expects that it will reimburse the Expenditures with the proceeds
of the 2009B Bond. The maximum principal amount of the tax exempt obligations
expected to be issued for the Project, at this time, is $3,500,000.
3. The County hereby designates the Bond as “qualified tax-exempt obligations” for the
purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code, and allocates to the Authority in relation to
the issuance of the Bonds for the purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. The
County has not issued, and does not reasonably anticipate (nor do any of its
subordinate entities reasonably anticipate) issuing more than $30,000,000 in qualified
tax exempt obligations during calendar year 2009 and the County (and any of its
subordinate entities) will not designate more than $30,000,000 of qualified tax-
exempt obligations pursuant to Section 265(b)(3) of the Code during such calendar
year.
4. The Board of Supervisors hereby approves, ratifies and confirms the actions of its
officers, employees and representatives in furtherance of the issuance of Bonds, and
authorizes and directs the Consultants and its officers, employees and representatives
to take all such action necessary or appropriate to refund the Outstanding Bonds and
to finance the Project and to issue the Bonds by the Authority pursuant to the Plan of
Finance and the Selected Option.
5. This Resolution shall take effect immediately upon its passage.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the resolution of the Board of Supervisors of the County
of Appomattox, Virginia approving a plan of financing with the Economic Development
Authority of Appomattox County, for the issuance of lease revenue and refunding bonds. Mr.
Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion, Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing no
comments, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.