42
§2.2-3711 A. 7, Code of Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel for the purpose of Courthouse
litigation.
Mr. Carter next opened the floor for discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated that we can only into executive session to discuss litigation but upon returning
to regular session that any action taken that need to be taken be done so in open session.
Mr. Kendrick stated that if we take any action it will be done outside closed session.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
nay.
At 7:07 p.m. the Board entered into closed session.
At 7:44 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board returned to
regular session. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Upon returning to regular session, Mr. Carter read the following Certifying Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A. 7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of a legal matter, which included exclusively the
Courthouse litigation;
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At this point, Mr. Carter turned the meeting over Mr. Jim Cornwell, the County Attorney for an
explanation of the days events.
Mr. Cornwell stated to everyone’s knowledge there was a court hearing scheduled for
Wednesday, March 20, involving the renovations on the courthouse. They have been working
diligently to be ready and they are ready to go forth tomorrow on this matter. Today we have had
further discussion both with the Court, Judge Poston, and Mr. Smith, the attorney for the
Commonwealth. Those discussions caused us to make a proposal to the Commonwealth to
resolve the issues between us or at least to make simple framework to resolve the issues between
us, short of the Court hearing tomorrow.