654
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to give the Community Park
Committee permission to seek bids on two (2) t-ball fields and three (3) parking lots.
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then called for action on the next issue
4. Tax Exemption for Special Groups: We have received a request from
the Institute of Theonomic Reformation, Rev. Paul Michael Raymond, for
exemption of real estate taxes. Mr. Overstreet will once again explain your
options for addressing this issue. If the Board is not comfortable acting on this
matter at tonight’s meeting you may table it until the next meeting.
Rev. Raymond stated that the Institute of Theonomic Reformation is a religious
theological non-profit Virginia corporation. It is recognized by the Federal Government,
the State of Virginia and by the IRS as a non-taxable entity under religious exemption
articles of the 501 (c) 3 IRS code. As of February 26, 2004 the ITR purchased a small
building on Harrell Street, which was owned by Malkiewicz Holding Company LLC. This
building also houses the Reformed Bible Church of Central Virginia and Appomattox.
They are not affiliated with the Institute, they just allow them use of the building.
In July of this year, they requested an exemption from Real Estate Taxes from the Town
of Appomattox and since all State and Federal requirements had been met, the Tax
Exempt Status was approved.
The taxes on this property is approximately $112.00 per year. The only activities that
take place at the Institute are internet activities, and they take place only on Sunday.
They are building a library to open possibly two days a week. They are seeking this tax
exemption as a matter of principle. Their mission is to train, equip and empower
pastors, teachers and lay people.
Mr. Overstreet stated that this exemption was previously decided by the General
Assembly but recently turned this process over to the locality. You do not have to
exempt organizations that can answer the questions involved, statutes say you may do
so by designation but it is not mandatory. The Board needs to make a decision as to
whether you want to exempt these type of organizations. If this is your decision, you
may wish to adopt a policy. You can take them on a case by case basis, but you may
violate equal protection by not treating like situations in the same manner.
Mr. Overstreet further stated he understood that VACo was developing a policy
regarding this type of request.
The Board by consensus, decided to check with VACo on development of a policy, and
placed this matter on the Agenda for the November 1* meeting.
Mr. Carter next called for action of the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-14)
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve the minutes of regular meeting on 10-4-
2004.
6. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.