632
After a lengthy discussion, the Board by consensus, decided to leave this matter as it is
presently being done.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Kenny Rowlette — Reenactment Committee to address
the Board. Mr. Rowlette will address various articles that he has seen in the Times-
Virginian. He feels the Board needs further information concerning the last reenactment
and some of the expenses listed.
Mr. Rowlette distributed a handout on the Battle of Lynchburg 2004 Economic Impact.
He discussed the Sales taxes that were generated by the last reenactment. The
greatest increase in revenue was in meal taxes basically in the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Rowlette also stated that next year, they will not be providing meals for the
Generals, as they have in the past. They did pay for some meals for those people
working for the reenactment, such as a lunch, etc. Items listed as being paid to Wayne
Phelps, were funds paid to people that were working for him, not to him personally.
The Board in good faith gave them money for insurance. The majority of this money
was not used for insurance purposes. Up until two weeks prior to the event, they were
facing the dilemma of whether or not to purchase rain insurance. The committee
decided to use the balance of this money for advertising purposes, etc.
Mr. Rowlette apologized to the Board for not keeping them informed of changes that
were made for the use of these monies.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Rowlette.
Mr. Carter called for action on the next item under Administration Items:
10. Resolution of Support for Tourism Signs: Anne Dixon has been working on
placing tourism signs at various locations throughout the County. VDOT has
agreed to install the signs but require a letter of support from the Board and also
agreement that the Board will own and be responsible for maintenance of the
signs.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to issue a letter to VDOT in support of
placing the tourism signs in the county and also to take responsibility for the
maintenance of these signs. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. ( 4 aye votes- 1 absent)
11. Water Options: Since the study done by Wiley & Wilson, another option for
getting water to Appomattox has surfaced. There is a possibility of connection to
a water line at Concord from Rustburg.
Recommendation is that the Chairman and County Administrator meet with Campbell
County Board of Supervisors to talk with them about this possibility and ask if they
would be willing for a feasibility study to be done on this option. This should be an
addition to the study already in progress by Region 2000 Regional Commission.