103
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held
immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition, Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Roark.
Mr. Roark gave a short report on CUP07007 — Conditional Use Permit — Brad Kidd.
Request to relocate an existing business within the Town of Appomattox classified as an
automotive repair garage, mechanical and body shop to a location behind his existing
home on Mountain Cut Road (Route 695). Mr. Kidd’s property is identified as 77(A)22A,
approximately 13 acres and recently did a boundary line adjustment with 2.5 acres for
the use of commercial purposes. This property is zoned A-1 Agricultural located on
Mountain Cut Road (Route 695) near the intersection of Trent’s Hatchery Road (Route
635).
Mr. Kidd would like to build a new 6,000 square foot building that will house the shop
and small office area. The shop will be located behind the existing dwelling of the
owner and is separated from the surrounding area by a buffer of trees. The entrance to
the new building would be from Mountain Cut Road. VDOT has potentially approved this
entrance. The parking area is proposed to be gravel. Any storage of vehicles would be
to the side or rear of the building and not visible from the road or adjourning properties.
Mr. Percy Kidd owns adjourning property which was conditionally zoned in 1990 for a
paint and body shop.
Mr. Kidd stated he would be willing to do anything that is needed.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for the petition.
Hearing none, he asked if anyone wished to speak against the petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Roark turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:10 Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
A.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman