499
Mr. Conrad raised the question of impoundment. How many jobs would be
created and what a water treatment facility would cost.
Mr. Spiggle replied the Lynchburg line was a quick fix. The permitting process
for impoundments on river intakes are lengthy and tough. Rules of the game are
constantly changing in running a water system. Testing is very expensive and
water is not a money making enterprise. It could take years to get this done.
Mr. Spiggle also stated that a Public Service Authority needs to be established to
get some solid financial support. The grant funds from Representative Goode’s
office need to be spent now. This one (1) million dollars is divided equally
between the Town and County with each locality providing $25,000.00 in
matching monies for a total of $50,000.00.
Mr. Carter stated the Board of Supervisors needs to take action on endorsing the
Regional Commission to administer the funding efforts on behalf of the County
and Town. This item should be placed on the agenda for their next meeting on
April 5, 2004.
Mr. Carter called for discussion on the next item on the agenda.
2. Public Service Authority: Mr. Garrett informed the joint group that the PSA
goes along with the waterline. Several water line funding sources would prefer
that we form a PSA. The one million dollar grant we received through
Congressman Goode's office suggests that we form a PSA immediately. The
applicants name should be the eventual owner. Mr. Garrett distributed a
handout of the information gathered by the committee.
There was some discussion regarding the formation of a PSA. It would be
prudent to have one entity serving all. The law provides that any loans made to
the PSA are not the responsibility of the County or the Town. It was the
consensus from both groups to go ahead with the forming of the PSA.
A Waterline Committee was established consisting of David Garrett, Lewis
McDearmon, Samuel Carter and Aileen Ferguson.
Rescue Squad: There has been some problems recently with the answering of
day time calls. Businesses no longer are willing to allow squad members to leave
work in order to answer calls. Connie Purvis with BREMS recently sent Mayor
Spiggle a profile of what insurance companies and Medicare will pay for calls if
billed. Billing will not effect our volunteer status. This problem is not only true
for Appomattox, other counties are experiencing the same. Suggestions were:
billing for runs, we could hire 4 - 6 permanent staff to supplement the
volunteers; sell insurance cards for $50.00 whereby holders could be transported
free of charge, for a set length of time, maybe one year.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that they recognize there are some areas they have
problems with. These areas are very early in the morning when you know you