599
Reservoir would cost about a million dollars less. Why are you opposed to saving
a million dollars and at the same time allowing the County to retain control of its
water? Mr. Wilson is proposing that you reword the Scope of Work Agreement
and require that it study means of implementing the establishment of a County
Reservoir that would capture and impound seasonally excessive rainfall. This
would add to the supply of available water, not merely tap an existing source. A
reservoir or tapping the James would allow Appomattox to retain control of an
essential resource plus keeping the 16.4 million dollar investment within the
County. Also the jobs associated with the water project would be kept within the
County instead of sending them to Lynchburg. A reservoir could be financed
with Municipal Revenue Bonds which do not affect the real estate tax rates.
Water customers would repay the investment, pay for maintenance and
replacement as well as generate a profit for non-revenue producing services.
Mr. Wilson urges the Board to refocus their efforts upon providing for water
supplies with Appomattox County.
Mrs. Edith McCormick, Spout Spring, Va. Mrs. McCormick stated she had
written several letters and she is concerned about the 460 water line. How are
widows and elderly people going to pay for this? The Town is the one who needs
the water and you are asking the citizens of the County to pay for it. You say,
you do not have any money, so how can you spend money for something that is
not needed right now. We need to pay our bills first. We do not need to keep
going deeper into debt. Build a reservoir and forget about spending $50,000
with Region 2000. She reads the “Region 2000” Magazine each month and it
seems they are only interested in Lynchburg. She is proud of Appomattox
County. The 2000 signatures on these petitions should send a message that the
citizens do not want this water coming from Lynchburg. As the old saying goes,
“If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it”.
Mr. Carter next called for the Administrative Items: (Items 1 & 2)
1. Central Virginia Community Services Board - request for
Resolution: Central Virginia Community Services Board is requesting a
resolution of approval for them to borrow $385,000.00 to purchase the
Bedford Group Home. They are required to get your support prior to
borrowing any money.
Mr. Moore informed that Board that at the last financial meeting of the Central
Virginia Community Services Board, they felt that with the amount they were
paying for rent they would be able to pay off the debt in a few years. They have
these group homes in several locations. We have one here in Appomattox. He
feels that this is a good investment for the Community Services Board and
recommends that we adopt this resolution of support. They only need our
approval to borrow this money, but we are not responsible for the repayment of
such a loan.