56
Ms, Ferguson said that we will have to make a commitment to join one of these groups
as a member of the Blue Ridge Jail Authority. She will do some research on this issue
and present it at the next Board meeting.
The Board by consensus, agreed to table this until the next meeting on August 20,
2007.
5. Nominee for appointment to the Roanoke River Basin Committee: This
matter was held over from the previous meeting in order to allow Mr. Conrad an
opportunity to see if he could find a suitable representative to nominate for this
appointment.
Recommendation is to receive report from Mr. Conrad.
Mr. Conrad has contacted Mr. Joel Carnefix to see if he would be willing to serve on this
committee. Mr. Carnefix has been active in other affairs of the County and would make
an excellent member of the Roanoke River Basin Committee.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to recommend that Mr. Joel Carnefix
be nominated to represent Appomattox County on the Roanoke River Basin Committee.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent)
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called for the APPEARANCES:
Jillian Mitchel: Ms. Mitchel has requested a time to discuss the lease for the old
Courthouse with the Board. Ms. Mitchel is moving from the area and will no longer be
able to lease the old courthouse for the theater. There is another group that is
interested in taking over the lease and continuing to use the facility for a theater.
Ms. Mitchel stated she had enjoyed working with the Board in getting the Appomattox
Courthouse Theater open. She explained that her family would be moving from
Appomattox in the fall. She feels she has been blessed in that she has found the right
people to continue operating The Appomattox Gallery and Tea Room, the Bed and
Breakfast, as well as the Theater as she has in the past.
Mr. Carter stated that Ms. Mitchel has been an asset to our community and thanked her
for all that she has done to provide cultural arts to our citizens.
Each of the Board Members expressed their thanks to Ms. Mitchel for being such a vital
part of our community and wished her well in her future endeavors.
Ms. Mitchel informed the Board that five committed and talented local citizens would
love to continue the non profit community theater and wish to assume direction of the
Appomattox Courthouse Theatre, non-profit, and lease the old courthouse from the
County for the same purpose.
Landfill Decision: Ms. Alice Rockefeller, Lan .
Klappich of Draper Aden and Associates: Ms. Ferguson and Ms. Rockefeller have