531
reliable water supply. Mr. Wilson stated that, we must restore democracy to our
local government. Mr. Wilson continued discussing the 460 waterline as opposed
to supplying our own water supply. He also discussed the need for a better way
of informing citizens of what is going on. He concluded by saying if the Board
thinks the water line is the best way to go, please explain it to him.
Ms. Ann Dixon — Director of Recreation, Parks & Tourism: Ms. Dixon
passed out a promotional marketing ad campaign entitled “All in a Days Drive”.
It is designed for day trip destinations within the State of Virginia. This
campaign is put out by the News & Advance, Channel 10 News, The Danville Bee
& Register and PAX 38 which is a cable channel. This campaign is designed for
people who are looking for vacation and recreational opportunities within an easy
driving distance. Ms. Dixon also presented a video clipping of a sample of this
campaign, containing a 60 second feature style segment featured in 44 spot ads
during the morning, mid-day and evening hours. The ad is filmed by the Channel
10 News Team. Ms. Dixon feels this would be a good advertisement for us as it
is being used by a lot of small towns throughout Virginia.
Mr. Overstreet asked if the County would own the copyright to this after it was
produced and have available for use on other stations? Ann will check into this
and report back to the Board at a later date.
Ms. Dixon feels they have the money available from advertising in the last
brochure. She would like to have the Board’s feeling on this before next Friday.
Ms. Susan Book of Appomattox, Va. was the next to speak. She is excited
about the new blood on the Board and congratulated Ms. Ferguson on being
named the new County Administrator. She has known about the water system
for some time and the original idea was a good thing. She was all for it. She
does not think most people know what is going on with the water situation. She
is a fighter and does not want to give up on our water. We have a little gold
mine here and underneath all this rich dirt, we have some places we need to
research. She does not agree with water being the reason people aren't bringing
their business to Appomattox. She feels that the reason people are not coming
here is because we do not have liquor by the drink. Ms. Book stated she will
help research, she is at our disposal now that she is retired.
Dr. Betty Siano next addressed the Board. Dr. Siano began by saying it is hard
to follow John and Susan, because they have covered all the issues. At home
today she felt like she was on “You Want to be A Millionaire”. People kept calling
her all day because of the letter she had written to the newspaper last week.
The reason she wrote the letter was because she had read things in the paper
and she did not have the answers for them and she has been through a very
similar circumstance at another time in her life and it didn’t turn out to be too