241
Mr. Carwile agreed with the recommendation of Davenport, but had some questions
regarding the different scenarios presented.
Mr. Carroll stated that the scenarios presented were based on a figure of seven (7)
million dollars. There is still additional funding such as monies we have already
expended that we need to go back and capture, in addition to funding for furniture and
fixtures, over and above the base bid. We need to work with Davenport on the scenarios
and then bring them back to the Board.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt Davenport & Company
as the bond underwriter for the Courthouse project. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Hunter House Demolition: J. E. Sears has submitted an additional quotation for
the demolition of the Hunter House. Staff recommends that the Board accept the
additional fees for the demolition in order to meet the court ordered deadline for
the project.
Mr. Carwile stated this was part of the Courthouse project and saw no need to delay any
further.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the quotation from J. E.
Sears to demolish the Hunter House. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Resolution of Support for our troops: Since the Board’s last meeting, the war
with Iraq has begun. Staff has prepared a resolution adapted from the U. S. House
of Representative’s Resolution as a way of expressing the community’s support
for the sacrifices made by these men and women in service of our country.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following Resolution
as written:
Whereas, the United States Armed Forces, a total force comprised of active, National
Guard, and Reserve personnel, are now undertaking courageous and determined
operations against the forces of Saddam Hussein's regime;
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has the greatest pride in the
members of the Armed Forces and strongly support them;
Whereas, the United States has assembled and deployed an allied military coalition to
apply pressure on Saddam Hussein to comply with the relevant United Nations
resolutions;