452
Mr. Torrence stated that Mr. Sandvig and Dr. Fratrick had contacted him and he felt that
the Board should do everything possible to make the least amount of impact on these two
families.
Mr. Carwile stated that now that the purchase of the land was a reality, would it be wise
to relocate the recreational facility and bring it back and put it in a readily accessible
ingress, egress, but put it in an area that it would not cause any concern to the ones there,
with the noise, trash, spinning tires, etc. Mr. Carwile continued that this was part of what
he wanted to put into this from the beginning. That this recreational facility could be put
somewhere that it would not bother anyone. Mr. Carwile suggested that the County
purchase another tract for recreational use.
Mr. Torrence felt that he would rather have a recreational facility next door to him
instead of an industrial park. Mr. Torrence felt the present location was good if it were
buffered properly.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Bosiger if he didn’t have a copy of property that might be good
for this purpose.
Mr. Bosiger stated that Fred Lawson had presented him with a sketch of some property
with an industrial park laid out but his feelings were that the location selected on the
Gilliam property was the route to go with the recreational facility.
Mr. Torrence was concerned with buying more land for this purpose.
Mr. Carter stated that with the 575 acres the Board had the latitude to move over some if
a larger buffer zone was necessary.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had received enough input from the people that a different site
might be more appropriate, and he felt that it was his responsibility to pass it along.
In closing, Mr. Carwile stated, “if it don’t work, don’t say I didn’t tell you”. (Mr. Carwile
requested this be put in the record.)
Being no further business, at 9:03 Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to
adjourn until August 3, 1998 at 6:30 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Garet K. Bosiger, Chaixman