311
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $944.43 from the LD.A. BondAccount to pay architects fees for the new addition to the Sheriff's Office. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Brickhill is requesting an appropriation of $65.82 from the Law Library Fund to cover bills forthe month of May 2000.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $65.82 from the Law Library
Fund to cover bills for the month of May 2000. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Carwile expressed appreciation to the Landfill staff for a job well done.
Additional Items for Consideration:
Supplemental Appropriation in the amount of $31,992.00 from .D.A. Bond Account to pay next
payment on the Sheriff’s addition.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $31,992.00 from I.D.A. Bond
Account to make next payment on new addition to Sheriff's office. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act is requesting a resolution for your approval
to join with other localities on a combined plan for VICCCA grant. The local maintenance effort
will be $332.00. There has been no maintenance effort in the past.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the following resolution:
VIRGINIA JUVENILE COMMUNITY CRIME CONTROL ACT
BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will participate in the
Virginia Juvenile Community Crime Control Act and accept funds appropriate for the
purpose set forth in this Act; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that Appomattox County intends to combine with the other
governing bodies listed below and that Charlotte County will act as fiscal agent for these
localities. Other localities with whom Appomattox County will combine include:
Buckingham
Charlotte
Cumberland
Lunenburg
Prince Edward
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that Robert C. Bradner, Director of the 10" District Juvenile and
Domestic Relations District Court Service Unit, is hereby authorized to execute the plan