450
Mr. Hunter said that from looking at the sales study he can see that
property values have increased and hoped the Board would be reasonable
with setting the rate.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Ferguson if he had anything to add to Mr.
Hunter’s comments.
Mr. Ferguson said that he agreed with Mr. Hunter’s comments.
Mr. Carwile asked how the people are responding to Mr. Stacey as he has
been doing his field work.
Mr. Stacey replied that people have been very helpful and that he has
had very few problems with citizens. He continued saying that no one
liked being reassessed but they liked knowing that someone had visited
their property.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mr. Stacey felt that identification tags would be
necessary during the reassessment.
Mr. Stacey did not feel that this was necessary since they had magnetic
signs for their vehicles.
Mr. Carwile stated that he liked the fact that Mr. Stacey was not
comparing the values from the last reassessment. Mr. Carwile asked if
Mr. Stacey had a percentage of increase in mind?
Mr. Stacey stated that he does not have a percentage of increase in
mind when he does the reassessment. Mr. Stacey continued by saying
that the only percentage he has discussed is with Mr. Mays concerning
ratio range of assessment to real values. He stated that Mr. Mays said
the present assessed values are at 80% or a little less of the true
value right now.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mr. Stacey was taking zoning into account when he
assessed a piece of property?
Mr. Stacey stated that he was not, since the County zoning maps do not
go parcel by parcel.
Mr. Torrence asked if farms were being assessed as building lots?
Mr. Stacey said no, that he was not assessing farm land as building
lots. He went on to say that the ratio must stay up to keep the County
eligible for ABC funds.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mr. Stacey looked at five (5) or six (6) mobile
homes on a piece of property, was this parcel assessed separate from
the whole parcel.
Mr. Stacey stated that the portion with the mobile homes was subtracted
from the remainder of land and the values were set according to what
the property was used for. The land would not be taxed twice.