565
Recommendation is that we schedule a public hearing for February 20, 2007
at 6:00 p.m. to receive public comments on the proposed Resource
Conservation Plan.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to set a public hearing date of
February 20, 2007 at 6:00 p.m. to receive public comments on the Resource
Conservation Plan as a part of the Community Development Plan for Appomattox
County. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
11. American Legion Request: Larry Danner, Post 104 Adjutant, is making a
request on behalf of the American Legion Post No. 104 that the $3,000.00
security deposit for the Wall of Honor be returned to the American Legion.
Memorandum of Understanding between the American Legion and the County is
for your review.
Recommendation is that the Board review the MOU and consider the American
Legion's request.
Mr. Armbrust stated that under the original agreement it was agreed that the
“$3,000.00 would be held in a discrete fund for the future upkeep and maintenance of
the Wall of Honor”.
Mr. Conrad stated that Mr. Danner’s request is for the return of the $3,000.00 “security
deposit” but the Memorandum of Understanding does not indicate anyway what so ever
any “security deposit” but the upkeep and maintenance of the Wall of Honor.
It was the consensus of the Board of Supervisors to deny the request from the American
Legion Post #104 for the return of this $3,000.00. If they so desire, they may come
before the Board to discuss this.
12. Emergency Operations Plan Updated: Freddie Godsey has revised the
County’s Emergency Operations Plan and is ready for the Board to adopt the
Revisions.
Recommendation is to adopt the resolution authorizing the adoption of the
Revised Emergency Operations Plan for Appomattox County.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following resolution
Authorizing Adoption of Emergency Operations Plan for Appomattox County.
RESOLUTION
AUTHORIZING ADOPTION OF EMERGENCY OPERATIONS PLAN FOR
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, Virginia, is greatly concerned with the
health, safety, and well-being of its citizens and desires that the best possible emergency services by available to them;
and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia Emergency Services and Disaster Law of 2000, Chapter 31.2 of
Title 44 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, requires that each city and county in the Commonwealth maintain
and Emergency Operations Plan (EOP) which addresses its planned response to emergency situations; and