191
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Richard Martin to appear before the Board to discuss a
livestock kill.
Mr. Martin explained that he felt that things did not happen to him in a business manner
regarding a livestock kill. Mr. Martin stated that he was not aware of the Board paying
him anything for a livestock kill until he received a check in the mail with no letter of
explanation.
Mr. Martin stated that the first thing he knew about the payment was what he read in the
newspaper. He felt something should have been said to him or any other farmer so that
they would be aware of what was going on.
Mr. Martin explained that he wanted to tell what he felt happened. Mr. Martin explained
he had lost seven Angus calves, one was lost with a birthing problem, the other six calves
he feels definite that four of them died due to wild dogs. On one occasion he actually
saw the dogs run from the area trying to take the animal with them. On three occasions
his son saw the same thing, once his son saw dogs around a calf that had given up just
laying down and could not get up from fighting the dogs.
Mr. Martin stated that he feels that Mr. Martin and Mr. Hackett did the best they could do
with what they have to work with.
Mr. Martin stated the traps that were broken into had small holes in them. They are put
together with small clips; he stated you could take your foot and kick one out very easily.
He feels that Animal Control needs better traps for big dogs.
Mr. Martin also wanted the Board to know that the last dog killed on his property was a
pit bull that could have bit you in half anywhere he wanted.
Mr. Martin explained that his neighbor lost five or six fifty pound pigs. The pigs were
chewed on and tore up and everyone tried to convince them it was a mountain lion that
did this. Mr. Martin states that there is no doubt in his mind that it was these wild dogs.
Mr. Martin stated that his neighbor has several small children and that he was thankful
that these dogs did not bother these children.
Mr, Martin stated that six adult dogs were caught and they even brought one of them to
the landfill. Four of the dogs caught had collars with no name, We have a lot of people
who move away from here and leave their dogs and the dogs are hungry stated Mr.
Martin.
Mr. Martin would also like to address the coyote issue. Mr. Martin does not feel that
coyotes are a problem in this area.