498
Joyce Bennett
Steve Lawson
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator Elect
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Interim County Administrator
Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
David Garrett - Appomattox Town Manager
Bill Phillips — Town Attorney
William Slagle — Chairman, Appomattox Industrial Authority
Wayne Lewis — Appomattox Industrial Authority
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the Board of Supervisors meeting to order.
Mayor Spiggle called the Town Council meeting to order.
Mr. Carter stated this was a joint meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors and the Appomattox Town Council to discuss various topics that are very
prudent to the future and that this was not a public hearing.
Mr. Carter then called for the first item of discussion on the Agenda.
1. 460 Waterline: Mr. Carter stated an indepth study was conducted by Wiley &
Wilson and from that study various suggestions as to how Appomattox should
proceed in obtaining water for the County. From these suggestions, it was
decided the 460 waterline was the best option.
Mr. Carter introduced Mr. Bill Gillespie, of the Region 2000 Regional Commission,
who laid out the steps we need to take, including the establishment of a Public
Service Authority (PSA); Joint Operation with County & Town; the pro’s and
con’s of purchasing water from another locality. Mr. Gillespie stated under this
proposal you could take another year to flush out all of this and see where you
really want to go and what mechanics are needed to get you there and also the
funding options that are available. There are also some land use issues between
Appomattox and Concord.
Mr. Spiggle stated that he, Mr. Spencer, and Mr. Garrett had met with Don
Wampler of DEQ and Dale McAdams with the EPA and that EPA would be the
funding agency. Mr. Spiggle said that we need to have a champion to spearhead
the project and work full time. He would like to engage the Regional Commission
to administer the project and find money.
Mr. Garrett stated this has been recommended to both Boards.
There was some discussion regarding how Lynchburg & Campbell County feel
about this. According to Mr. Gillespie, they both are willing to assist us in this
endeavor.