64
e All comments will be directed to the Board of Supervisors as body.
¢ Decorum will be maintained. This includes a common courtesy from the audience, the staff and
Board to the speaker and from the speaker to the audience, the Board and the staff. Statements,
which are demeaning or inappropriate, shall be ruled out of order.
e In the event of a large number of speakers resulting in the continuation of the hearing, any persons
not heard at the initial Public Hearing will be the first to speak at the continued hearing.
e Speakers are requested to leave written statements and/or comments with the County
Administrator.
e The Board shall have the discretion to act on a matter appearing on a public hearing: or the Board,
by majority vote, may defer the matter to the next regular meeting of the Board. It shall be the
policy of the Board to leave the record open to receive written comments following a public
hearing up until the time that a vote is taken.
Board Comments
This time is generally used for individual Board members to share information with other members of the
Board and public. Items presented under this heading requiring action will be for a future meeting agenda
or to request additional information from staff members. No item presented under this heading shall be
acted upon at the meeting at which the item is presented unless it is the unanimous consensus of the Board
that the item be put on the floor for action. Prior to the agenda being prepared, members of the Board are
encouraged to contact the County Administrator and have an item included under this heading. The County
Administrator shall prepare a memorandum that will inform other members of the Board of the particulars
pertaining to this matter.
Pending Matters
This section of the agenda is non-action section of the meeting agenda which shall list all matters that have
come before the Board and that the Board has assigned to or referred to one of its standing committees or
staff for additional information or recommendation.
Adjournment of Meetings
Regular meetings of the Board shall adjourn no later than 10:30 p.m. If the Board desires to extend the
meeting, a motion unanimously adopted by the members present shall be required. Any items not acted on
prior to the 10:30 deadline shall be deferred to the next regular meeting or an adjourned meeting of the
Board.
SECTION F: RECONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS
At any meeting of the Board, when any vote upon any motion, resolution, ordinance or question has been
announced, it shall be in order for any member of the Board voting with the prevailing side or who has not
voted on the motion, resolution, ordinance or question to offer a motion for reconsideration thereof during
the same or succeeding meeting.
SECTION G: CONDUCT OF THE PUBLIC
The efficient and dignified conduct of public business is the ultimate concern of the Board. Accordingly, it
is the policy of the Board that its meetings be conducted with the highest degree of order and decorum.
The Board’s integrity and dignity will be established and maintained at all times during the conduct of
public business, and the Board will permit no behavior which is not in keeping with this policy. Prohibited
conduct at meetings shall include: