40
Mr. Carter presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 6-7)
6. Approval of Bills: approve bills as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
i Sheriffs Department: Please appropriate $221.13 to 3102-1002 (Regular Overtime) and
$1,089.97 to 3102-5408 (Vehicle Supplies) as requested by the Sheriff.
Hearing no discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the
Consent Agenda a presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
8. Elementary School Update: Update on the elementary school project as provided by the
School board.
9. Town Council Agenda: Agenda for Town Council meeting of March 11, 2002.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisors Concerns:
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding the School budget and information available.
The Budget Work Session scheduled from March 25" is changed to March 26" at 6:30 p.m.
The next regularly scheduled Board meeting will be held on April 1, 2002 at 6:30 p.m.
Mr. Carwile stated he would like to discuss the Special Called Meeting regarding the Courthouse
Litigation process. Mr. Carwile and Mr. Hancock had asked for this Special Called Meeting.
They wanted the citizens and the media to be present. He would like to see the Board accept the
Commonwealth’s proposal.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock that the Board adopt the following
resolution:
“The Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, in order to facilitate a suitable
resolution of the Courthouse litigation does hereby agree that the County shall either:
(a) renovate the existing Courthouse using the Commonwealth’s
plans; or
(b) build a new Courthouse by June 30, 2004, if, on or before November
5, 2002, (i) the new site is approved by a vote referendum; and
(ii) the Board and Commonwealth have agreed to the elements
and floor plans of the Courthouse.
The Board does further instruct its counsel to work with the Commonwealth’s counsel to
prepare an Order which incorporates the foregoing, while ensuring that any such Order (1) is
devoid of any findings as the current and existing conditions of the present Courthouse facility,
and (2) requiring that the County and Commonwealth agree that each party shall be responsible