005
| and his mother owned land adjacent to Mr. Phillip’s and had
no objections to the proposed mobile home as long as Mr.
Phillip’s activities did not encroach onto his or others
properties.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those opposed to the
petition. There being no response, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr.
Caldwell to read the next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-167 of Mr. W. A. Rothery, Jr.,
| seeking a variance to Section 801.02-9 of the Appomattox
County Zoning Ordinance. The variance would permit Mr.
1 Rothery to construct a new horse barn within 150’+- of the
[| property line. Section 801.02-9 requires no- structure
containing livestock be located within 200 feet of the
property line. The proposed 40’ x 85’ barn will connect to
an existing silo and replace a barn which had _ burned
i! completely down. The property is zoned A-1 and is located on
Route 716 between Route 644 and the dead end of Route 716.
t| Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. There being
(| no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those in favor
or opposing the _ petition. There being no response, Mr.
Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition to be
considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-168 of Centel Cellular Company
of Lynchburg seeking a Conditional Use Permit to allow
construction of a 250’ high free-standing tower for cellular
phone communication. The property is owned by the Town of
| Appomattox, is zoned A-1, and is located approximately 0.5
1 miles beyond Fairview Hills Section subdivision on Towerhill
Road off Route 658.
7 Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the applicant. Larry
ij Bicking, site consultant for Centel, came forward to speak.
[| After Mr. Bicking introduced himself, he distributed to each
i Board member a site plan dated July 6, 1992 at a scale of 1"
a = 200’ titled "Plat Showing A Lease Area Located on a 2.01
(| Acres Parcel of Land Owned by the Town of Appomattox,
tT Virginia." This site plan is attached and labeled as Exhibit
wae Mr. Bicking introduced Mr. Steve Barber, Centel
Engineer, from Virginia Beach and Ms. Anne Cruthers, Centel
General Manager, from Charlottesville and offered to answer
I! any questions the Board may have. Mr. Pack pointed out that
1} a call to an Appomattox resident from a cellular phone in
Appomattox or vice versa was charged as a long distance call
and questioned if the proposed tower would change that
Situation? Ms. Cruthers explained that since the cellular
phone switch was’ located in Lynchburg, the call from
Appomattox to Lynchburg would not be long distance, but to
return the call from the switch to Appomattox would be on
i long distance lines assuming the call was from a cellular
i phone in Appomattox to an Appomattox residence. If the call
i was from an Appomattox residence to a Cellular phone in
i Appomattox, long distance lines would be used to transmit the
call from Appomattox to the switch in Lynchburg.