173.
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on October 21, 1996, after the public hearing, in the Courthouse,
Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the recessed meeting to order and asked Mrs.
Ferguson to present any business she had for consideration.
Mrs. Ferguson began by explaining the asbestos inspection done on the
doctor’s office was acceptable with the Health Department.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
authorize the County Administrator to sign any documents related to the
purchase of the doctor’s office and to appropriate $38,534.00 for FY97
to pay on this building. The terms of the purchase being $250,000.00,
($20,000 at closing; with $230,000 being financed over 10 years at 8%
interest). Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained the test results on the "wetlands" at the
landfill showed no signs of damage. Mrs. Ferguson then requested a
line item transfer to pay for this additional testing.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a line item
transfer of $1,904.00 from 1101-5804 to 4204-3002 to pay for testing
done in the "wetlands area" at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson then asked if the Board was ready to enter into the
consent decree with the Department of Environmental Quality?
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
enter into a Consent Decree with the Department of Environmental
Quality due to an improper leachate occurrence at the landfill. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Ferguson next asked if the Board of Supervisors was prepared to
adopt the resolution on the bond issuance for the Middle School Project.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
A RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE ISSUANCE OF NOT
TO EXCEED $5,000,000 GENERAL OBLIGATION