319
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, July 21, 2003 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held its regularly scheduled meeting in the Appomattox Town Council Chambers located
at the Appomattox Town Office, Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel B. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham — County Planner
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order, welcomed everyone present and gave
the invocation.
Mr. Carter then opened the floor for Citizen Public Comments:
No one had signed up to speak and no one came forward.
Mr. Carter next move to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (items 1 -2)
1. Emanuel Tire: Emanuel Tire is requesting to temporarily alter the operation
schedule at the landfill to supply a new market in South Carolina. Staff has prepared an
outline of conditions that would allow this temporary trial period and allow for the trial to
be ended or modified if it causes difficulties. Staff recommends to allow the request on a
trial basis so long as it does not negatively impact the landfill operation or lead to a
greater demand on County resources. These conditions are:
—. Temporary trial basis to end on Friday, August 22, 2003.
Emanuel Tire and the County would re-visit this matter during the week of
August 18, 2003 to see how it is working for both parties.
3. The County reserves the right to stop the trial period with 48 hours notice or
immediately, if it were deemed to be harmful to the landfill operation.
4. All other material, excluding the TDF, which is mentioned in the letter, would
enter during the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. without exception.
No material would be removed between the hours of 7:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m.
., Emanuel Tire would not stop at the scales, but the County would identify the
vehicle which was leaving with the TDF, but weight tickets would be provided to
the County the next day or within 48 hours in order for the County to keep tract of
the amount of material leaving the operation.
Snun
Mr. Rannie of Emanuel Tire has requested that they be allowed to operate on Saturdays
until around 3:00 to 4:00 p.m. I would ask that you add this request to your
recommendation.