340
Since Mr. Hal Craddock was not present and was expected to be a little late in arriving, Mr. Moore
called Mr. John Gascoyne to appear before the Board.
Mr. Gascoyne came forward and stated he was going to read a prepared statement. Mr. Gascoyne is
asking the Board to repeal the restricted voter district system and institute the at-large process for
selecting Board of Supervisors in the same manner as the other governmental officers; the Sheriff,
the Commissioner of Revenue, etc. Mr. Gascoyne had a petition containing 15 signatures of people
who join him in this petition.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Gascoyne.
Mr. Moore called for approval of the bills.
Mr. Carter questioned 10 items regarding the appropriate suffix being charged. They have all been
corrected.
Mr. Carter then made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the bills for payment as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then called Mr. Hal Craddock to give an update on his discussions with the Judge
regarding renovations to the Courthouse.
Mr. Craddock stated that he and Mr. Moore had met with Judge Blanton and they went over some
of the things he saw as meeting the Courts needs, The Judge basically rejected our concept of
building a new courthouse onto the Clerk’s Building adding that would take us through the next five
or six years. We could do this in the first phase but we would have to renovate the present
Courthouse and add on behind it. This is the bad news. The good news is he had talked with both
Judge Kerr and Barbara Williams, the Clerk and they felt like that at least for the foreseeable future
the Clerk remain in the current building with no renovations and that he and the General District
Judge could share the present Courtroom. The Judges feel that if Court Services were left in the other
building, Judge Kerr and the Juvenile Court could be moved to the Courthouse building thereby
having all three courts in the same building. Combine the General District and Juvenile Clerks in the
area proposed for the Circuit Court Clerk on the lower level. The Board of Supervisors Meeting
Room/Jury Selection Room could be used as a court room when there is a conflict, which is very,
very seldom. This would cut some costs. Total estimated cost of $2,708,561. (See preliminary
sketches in Board File).
The only down side to this plan is that you are separating the Judges and the Clerks, but the Judges
feel that this may be okay.
There is also an optional parking area included in this figure.
Some discussion followed.