205
Mr. Carter stated that the Board has previously dealt with Cabell and they have an
established track record with the County. Mr. Carter stated they have proven what they
can and cannot do. He feels even though there is a $9,000 difference it would only take
one incident to derail this cost savings. He feels comfortable dealing with someone local
and someone we have dealt with continually over the past years and feels that it would be
beneficial to stay with Cabell.
Mr. Conrad stated that he agreed with Mr. Carters statements, but with the number of
localities in the state utilizing this program and it seems to be serving them well, that
certainly was a turning point for him.
Mr. Carter also stated that the other localities may not have the same working
relationship with someone locally as we do, and feels we are very fortunate here in that
aspect.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Mr. Tanner stated that he has studied this and he felt that this was the opportunity to save
some money with going with this program.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to purchase VACo insurance contingent on the County
Attorney reviewing the agreement. Mr. Tanner seconded the motion. Roll Call Vote:
Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the resolution to join the Virginia Association of
Counties Group Self Insurance Risk Pool. Mr. Conrad seconded the motion. Chairman
Craft called for further discussion. With no other discussion Chairman Craft called for a
vote: Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
RESOLUTION TO ADOPT THE MEMBER AGREEMENT TO JOIN THE
VIRGINIA ASSOCIATION OF COUNTIES GROUP SELF INSURANCE RISK
POOL
WHEREAS, Appomattox County desires to protect against liability claims and property
losses and to provide for payment of claims or losses for which the county may be liable;
and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Association of Counties Group Self Insurance Risk Pool, aka
VACo RP, has been established pursuant to Chapter 27 (ยง15.2-2700 et seq.) and Title
15.2 of the Code of Virginia; and
WHERAS, it is desirable for Appomattox County to join the Virginia Association of
Counties Group Self Insurance Risk Pool in order to provide a method of risk sharing for
liability claims and property losses;