524
B. The additional dwelling conforms to the minimum lot area, minimum lot width, and
maximum lot coverage and yard requirements for such a dwelling as set forth in
Article XIV herein.
C. The arrangement of such additional dwelling is in such a manner that if the lot or
parcel of land is ever divided, no substandard lot or nonconforming building is
created.
D. The additional dwelling has access to public street by means of a passageway open to
the sky at least fifteen (15) feet in width.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstained by the Commonwealth
Attorneys advice; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Lawson stated that Mr. Carwile would have to state a reason why he was abstaining
from voting.
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not have a reason, and that at the close he was going to ask
the Chairman for the records that he was at a loss to know why he could not have a voice
in this since we are dealing with people that he represents in his district and that we are
dealing with a dwelling.
Mr. Lawson addressed Mr. Carwile and stated that if he did not have a conflict in this
matter that would be to his benefit or to his determent then he could say all he wanted to
say. Mr. Lawson continued if he did have a conflict then he could not participate. Mr.
Lawson stated that it was up to Mr. Carwile to determine this, that he knew whether he
had a conflict or not.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had abided by what Mr. Lawson had advised him to do.
Mr. Lawson stated that he was not advising Mr. Carwile he was only stating what
constituted a conflict of interest.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would have done it anyway.
Mr. Bosiger interrupted and asked that Mr. Carwile and Mr. Lawson continue this
discussion in private, that he was accepting the vote as four in favor and one abstention.
Mr. Bosiger continued that if there were a question about this it would have to be taken
up with Mr. Lawson.
Mr. Lawson stated that Mr. Carwile had to provide a reason why he was abstaining from
the vote.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would just have a no vote then.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carwile if that meant he was voting nay on the motion?
Mr. Carwile stated that he would just have a no vote.