126
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
November 1, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M. and delivered the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then asked if there were any additions or corrections to the minutes of
October 4" and 18" Mr. Bosiger stated that he had a correction on page “c” of the
minutes. It should read, ‘Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $292.30 to install an emergency line to be used during declared disasters and
from now until the end of the year for Y2K questions.’
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes as
corrected. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next asked the Board if they were prepared to approve the bills for
November 1, 1999?
Mr. Carter stated that he had several questions concerning the bills and asked Mr. Carroll
if he could provide an explanation for the cited bills. Mr. Carroll could address some of
the cited bills, but was unable to answer all the questions. After some discussion, Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the bills on the condition
that Mr. Carter’s questions were answered to his satisfaction. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Donald Austin of VDOT to appear before the Board.
Mr. Austin stated that the Public Hearing for the Six-Year plan would be held on
December 6, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. Mr. Austin then stated that work to pave the Railroad
crossing had begun and that the crossing would be closed the rest of the week. Mr.
Austin also stated that during the six-year plan work session there had been a request for
a priority list for unpaved roads. Mr. Austin stated that he would have this for the Board
prior to the Six Year Plan Public Hearing in December. Mr. Austin stated that he had
nothing further.