59
(a) All regular meetings of the Board shall be open to the public, except when the Board is in closed
session pursuant to Section 2.2- 3711 of the Virginia Code.
(b) The Board shall hold regular meetings on such days as may be prescribed by resolution at the annual
organizational meeting in January of each year, but which shall not be less frequent than once a month.
The Board shall give notice of the date, time, and location of its meetings by placing a notice in a public
location at which notices are regularly posted or in the office of the Clerk to the Board. The Clerk may
publish meeting notices by electronic means. The notice shall be posted at least three working days prior to
the meeting.
(c) If the Chairman, or the Vice-Chairman if the Chairman is unable to act, finds and declares that the
weather or other conditions are such that it is hazardous for the Board members to attend a regular meeting,
the regular meeting shall be continued until the following Monday, unless that Monday is a legal Holiday,
then the meeting shall be on the Tuesday following the Monday Holiday. Such conditions shall be
communicated to the members of the Board and the press as promptly as possible. All hearings and other
matters previously advertised shall be conducted at the continued meeting and no further advertisement is
required.
(d) All regular meetings of the Board shall be held __on the 1 and 3 Monday of each month _, unless
otherwise noted.
(e) The Board may by resolution, when necessary, change the time and place of the regular meeting. The
resolution shall set forth the circumstances necessitating such change. Notice of such change shall be
posted in a public location at which notices are regularly posted, or in the office of the Clerk to the Board at
least three working days prior to the meeting to be held pursuant to the change, and published once ina
newspaper, of general circulation in the county, at least seven days prior to the meeting. Three working
days prior to the meeting to be held pursuant to such change, the County Clerk shall give each Board
member written notice, personally or by registered mail, of any change from the regular meeting days
established by this section.
(f) Except for properly called closed sessions as permitted by state law, all regular meetings of the County
Board and official committees of the Board shall be open to the media, freely subject to recording by radio,
television and photography at any time, provided that such arrangements do not interfere with the orderly
conduct of the meetings under such rules as the Board may prescribe.
Special Meetings.
(a) The Chair or two members of the Board may call special meetings of the Board whenever in their
opinion the public business may require it.
(b) Whenever a special meeting shall be called, notice in writing signed by the Chair of the Board or two
members of the Board shall be filed with the Clerk and delivered to each member of the Board and the
County Attorney, either in person or at his place of residence or business, stating the date and hour of the
meeting and the purpose for which such meeting is called, and no business shall be transacted at the
meeting except such as is stated in the notice, unless all members are present.
(c) The notice may be waived if all members of the governing body attend the special meeting or sign a
waiver.
(d) Notice to the public of a special meeting shall be given contemporaneously with the notice provided
members of the Board.
Closed Sessions: