469
Ms. Hitchcock stated the purpose of the plan was to serve as a guide for the creation of
a regional linked network of trails, parks, rivers and other interesting destinations in the
community. She gave the primary principals behind the system design, stating it is
connecting all the jurisdictions within the region; linkages between noteworthy
destinations such as residential areas, parks, school and cultural sites; protecting our
natural areas, etc. There are two fundamental plans of action: 1) Plan for protecting
water quality, plant life and animal habitats; 2) Plan for developing a Regional Trials
System that will link the region together. She basically discussed each of the various
plans and trails covered in the handout. This is a long range planning concept - 5 to
30 years.
Following Ms. Hitchcock’s presentation the Planning Commission excused themselves to
hold their meeting at the Community Center.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Hitchcock and stated the endorsement of this plan included
supporting the idea of a regional system and gives the Regional Planning Commission
continual support in developing a mechanism to implement the plan and provide support
for the adoption of the Region 2000 Greenway and Blueway Plan. Mr. Carter asked if
there was a motion to adopt this plan.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the Region 2000
Greenway and Blueway Plan. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Paul Lee — Robinson, Farmer & Cox to address the Board.
Mr. Lee is meeting with the Board to hold the exit audit review for last fiscal year - 2003.
Mr. Lee began by stating that this was the first audit since the change was made from a
modified accrual basis to the GASBE 34 Compliance audit. Mr. Lee discussed the various
exhibits of the audit report. We are in good fiscal health, as we have been for several
years. Mr. Lee stated that we have a great tax collection record of about 99%. Mr. Lee
wanted to commend the County Staff, School Staff and Social Services on the good job
they do in assisting Robinson, Farmer & Cox during the audit process.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Lee for his report.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. David Garrett - Town Manager to address the Board
concerning the Joint Water Committee outline for the next phases of the Route 460
Water Line Project.
Mr. Garrett passed out some information on what the committee has done thus far. The
Committee members are: Mr. Lewis McDearmon- Town Council; Mr. Samuel Carter —
Board of Supervisors; and Mr. Garrett - Town Manager. He also gave credit to Mr. Andy
Carroll, former County Administrator, for the work he performed for this Committee.
The scope of the work for this committee was to provide various options regarding the
development of a reliable long-term water source for the Town and the County of
Appomattox. The only way to make this a reality is for the two entities to work together
to protect the economic future of both entities, and alleviate the need for crisis