083
and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That a copy of this Resolution, suitably
engrossed, be transmitted to the Blue Ridge Chapter of the National M$
Society.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette brought up the matter of a designated storage area for
personal property of any person evicted from another’s premises. Mr.
Paulette explained that per Code of Virginia section 8.01-156 the Board
of Supervisors must designate a storage area for these belongings.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
designate the two (2) storage facilities in the County for the purpose
of storing personal belongings of anyone being evicted from another’s
premises, with the Sheriff choosing the most reasonably priced
facility. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Solid Waste Administrator tq
expand the Route 604 "Super Site! by one container due to the increased
volume of trash at this site.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, the request was denied
and Mr. Peterson was instructed to dump the containers more often, if
necessary.
Mr. Paulette then presented appropriation request from Commission of
Revenue, Commonwealth Attorney, Jail, Animal Warden, Maintenance
Department, Courthouse Maintenance Fund, Asset Forfeiture Account,
Library, and Law Library.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
make a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $1,661.66 from
general operating fund and $683.34 from the Asset Forfeiture Account
for 2201-7001 to pay for computer. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to make a
supplemental appropriation in the amount of $900.00 to 3301-5407 to
replace counter tops in the kitchen. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $500.00 to 3501-5402 for dog food. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $285.00 for 4302-5407 for repairs to the
jail roof. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.