S16
recating Rens Mie artstenshedyianvene miishpddo Speak agaitike tihepidtis epartment and the
Scho stem, are already benefitting from counseling services.
Woe Balgwin, of Rt. 2, Box 728, stated as long as Mr. Goodman buys the property he has no
MPIEGHRHE presented figures on other line items pertinent to the budget. He also Yael
fi basically bringing things in line with what has been spent the last couple of years.
firs. Baldwin, of Rt. 2, Ox 728, stated she has not objection as long as Mr. Goodman buys the
ARTORSS'B: MM. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board take a brief
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. More, aye.
"Mir Carter ie called for the next petition to be read.
vi; 7:1 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reconvened the meeting.
1-465 - Thomas R. Nolen: Re-zone property from A-1 to R-1 per §170-8 of the Appomattox
alyGara OutaaAs, Reoprapoielpatedeon Roper trhaibeby @arRounes103 and Route 661, Taxmee PASNTEIN and is mone A-l,.
My. Carroll presented several alternatives for the School Budget.
tr. Thomas Nolen of Route 5)Box 380, Appomattox stated he wished to subdivide this property
Hig WAdinglosenfourssidesialcbuedting sie ise hbo RBidigsigtetiAnerage Daily Membership;
d the Federal and State Funds. ; ; /
Phere was no one wishing to speak in favor of this petition, so Mr. Carter asked for comments
RPSL AAAHE Bhool Administration and Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Schools
plained some of this process to the Board.
Evans Thomas, of Route 4, Box 724, Appomattox, stated he had a practical problem as well as a
ilosophicah nrabiaawihhincawenings Wiepwctien} prablisvided is sandingtin fanbaue-gad,
Hi Mowe sor Ziewtenkieydensdtis still A-1 zoning around it. If this is approved you have
-1 part of the way down the road, then A-1 part of the way and then R-1 again. The philosophical
oben dtthaldhdecans eapstiatencansioten pladorcthedare okelelduantaprShia Rraistthis
coat in ciRPreFha are AHS fhifisiaabgoning”. This is not consistent with the comprehensive plan
of the County.
r. Kendrick stated he felt the Board needed to take the information received tonight, study it
Wivitek Wpsy WA sAvenbispetdeeasmeasthhQvibom shtbersppviina Soh oidkohit preseabéMst this
Reuuep Dg SUORRADSYS aHBding this property and is against cutting anything up into one (1)
acre lots. He feels other land owners around this property feel the same as he does. He is against this
DEISR: P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
endrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
caring no other comments on this petition, Mr. Carter asked Mr. Stidham to read the final petition.
01-466 - Terry and Margaret Clark: Conditional UserPyxthiKtengkick,s@haitibvelling on lot per
§170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located.on Route 605 between
Route 683 and Route 664, Tax Map #9(A)8A, and is zoned A-1.
Ms. Margaret Clark of Route 4, Box 405, Appomattox came forward and stated she felt the Board
and Planning Commission had all the information they needed to act on this petition.
Ms. Del Bryant, stated she was Mrs. Clark’s daughter and she wished to be near her parents, as they
are getting older and she wanted to be near them to help if necessary.