353 ||
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Lee to further explain the letter of Financial Assurance regarding
the landfill. Mr. Lee explained that this was the county’s best option for complying with
regulations to make sure that the County would be able to afford closure costs at the
landfill.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the Board allow Ms. Ferguson,
County Administrator, to sign the letter of Financial Assurance for the County. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 8:05 P.M., Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Lee for appearing before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board if a February 6, 1998 trip to Accomack County would
suit to see the baling operation of the sanitary landfill there. Most members agreed that
this day would be agreeable.
Mr. Carroll then informed the Board that they could not amend the original conditional
Use Permit request by Central Virginia Electric Cooperative, they must go through the
process again to construct the taller structure.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Carroll to bring to the Board information regarding a state
transportation grant. Mr. Carroll explained that the county could apply for a feasibility
study grant from Virginia Department of Rail and Public Transportation. After some
discussion, the Board decided not to pursue the grant at this time.
Mr. Bosiger then presented supplemental appropriation request.
7301-5416 $428.39
3501 - 5404 5.00
3301 — 5407 30.00
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board about the request for funding from the Sons of
Confederate Veterans. After some discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion, seconded by
Mr. Carter that the County donate $2000.00 to the Sons of Confederate Veterans to assist
with the expense of insuring the reenactment. If the insurance expense is less than
$2000.00 the amount left over may be used for the other expenses associated with the
reenactment. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Bosiger stated that each member had received a copy of the 460 East Water Study.
The formal presentation of the Study would be held on Wednesday February 25, 1998,
5:30 P.M. at BWXT Governmental Groups Headquarters. Mr. Bosiger asked if this date
and time was agreeable to everyone. Everyone stated they could attend.