122
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board if they would act upon the Planning Commission
recommendations in order to help the petitioners move the process along?
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the Planning
Commission’s recommendation and approve petition 99-401 of Zane and Karla Summers
for a conditional use permit to allow additional dwelling on single lot in A-1 zoning
district. Property is part of Tax Map No. 19-A-4B and is located on Route 611 between
Route 611 and Route 686. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition number 99-
400 of Evie G. Harris for a conditional use permit to allow additional dwelling on single
lot in A-1 zoning district. Property is Tax Map No. 53-A-14 and is located on Route 616
between Route 24 and Route 631. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal
matter.
At 8:10 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 8:40 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
r