039
Mr. Paulette presented the first item under Administrative Items,
committee appointments. Mr. Paulette explained Mrs. Beasley’s seat
needed to be filled on the Social Services Board.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appoint Mr. Paulette to the Social Services Board. Vote: Mr. Bosiger
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, abstained.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Comprehensive Services
Board for an appointment from Law Enforcement to fill Captain Morris’
position.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appoint
Investigator Mike Williamson to the Comprehensive Services Board, for|a
term to expire December 31, 1998. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented appropriation requests.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$648.75 from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented bids on alternate heat for the evacuation
center at the Community Center.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette then directed the Board’s attention to a request from the
Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department for the generator that is no longer
needed for the radio system. After discussion, and by consensus of th
Board, it was agreed to see if the County had a use for this generator
prior to making a decision on this matter.
©
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$457.53 from the Law Library Fund for January 1996. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next drew attention to a request from the Department of
Historic Resources for funding to replace three (3) markers in
Appomattox County.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $660.00 to assist with replacing three (3) historic markers
located in Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then asked if the other Board members were in favor of
having budgets due in the County Administrator’s Office by February 1
1996. By consensus, the Board agreed to require budgets to be in by
February 1, 1996.