409
CONTENT OF ANNUAL REPORT
Description of the Local Issuer: A description of the Local Issuer including a summary
of its form of government, budgetary processes and its management and officers.
Debt: A description of the terms of the Local Issuer’s outstanding tax-supported and
other debt including a historical summary of outstanding tax-supported debt; a summary
of authorized but unissued tax-supported debt; a summary of legal debt margin; a
summary of overlapping debt; and a summary of annual debt service on outstanding tax-
supported debt as of the end of the preceding fiscal year. The Annual Report should also
include (to the extent not shown in the latest audited financial statements) a description of
contingent obligations as well as pension plans administered by the Local Issuer and nay
unfunded pension liabilities.
Financial Data: Financial information respecting the Local Issuer including a
description of revenues and expenditures for its major funds and a summary of its tax
policy, structure and collections as of the end of the preceding fiscal year.
Capital Improvement Plan: A summary of the Local Issuer’s capital improvement plan.
Demographic, Economic and Supplemental Information: A summary of the Local
Issuer’s demographic and economic characteristics such as population, income,
employment, and public school enrollment and infrastructure data as of the end of the
preceding fiscal year. The Annual Report should also include a description of material
litigation pending against the Local Issuer.
USE OF PROCEEDS CERTIFICATE
This certificate is provided by the County of Appomattox (the “County”) to the
Virginia Public School Authority (the “Issuer’) in connection with the distribution by the
Issuer to the County of the next savings realized by the Issuer (the “Distribution”)
through the issuance of its $74,850,000 School Refunding Bonds (1997 Resolution)
Series 2003 B (the “Bonds”).
We understand that the proceeds of the Bonds were used to refund portions of the
Issuer’s $115,425,000 School Financing Bonds (1991 Resolution) Series 1994 A (the
“1994 Bonds”) a portion of the proceeds of which were used to purchase the County’s
bonds issued on May 5, 1994 (the “County Bonds’).
In connection with the issuance of the County Bonds, the County executed a Use
of Proceeds Certificate (the “Use of Proceeds Certificate”) that recognized that the
County Bonds were purchased by the Issuer with the proceeds of the 1994 Bonds and that
the exclusion from gross income of interest on the 1994 Bonds was based in part on the
use of proceeds of the County Bonds and the school projects financed by such proceeds
(the “School Projects”) by the County. Consequently, the Use of Proceeds Certificate
contained certain representations and covenants of the County regarding the use of the
proceeds of the County Bonds and the School Projects.