353
Mr. Tanner made a motion to terminate the Local Declaration of Emergency as of 6:00 P.M. on
Monday, September 19, 2008. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. With no further
discussion Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #7B- Appointment to the Planning
Commission and called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that we have two applications and one resume for this vacant position. Mr.
Earl Dickerson, Mr. E. Hunter Marshall and Ms. Bonnie Swanson and also Mr. John Harrison
who Mr. Conrad has previously spoken with about serving in this capacity before advertising.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to appoint Mr. Earl Dickerson to the Planning Commission for the
Falling River District. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for any
further discussion. Hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Carter to present Item#7C- Mr. Carter stated that he would like to
see a letter of appreciation sent to all the Emergency Citizen Responders.
Ms. Ferguson stated that it was her intention to thank everyone who touched this event in
anyway.
Ms. Ferguson stated that until things calm down some, this letter cannot be her priority at this
time, however she feels that it is very important to be done, but at the same time she is a bit
nervous in doing this due to possibly forgetting someone.
Ms. Ferguson explained that PHEMSA is in charge of the scene and has allowed us to release
the police officers tonight. Ms. Ferguson stated that she is not sure when Route 26 is going to
open, but she will provide more information at a later date.
Ms. Ferguson explained that Williams is having a meeting tonight with affected citizens and we
did assist them today in trying to let the affected persons know about this meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the County is doing all that is possible to help each and every citizen
who has been displaced or affected by this local emergency.
Ms. Ferguson praised all the County staff for the response that was received during this tragedy
and she feels that all the training that has been provided to these staff members has paid off.
Ms. Ferguson thanked the Board for their continued support during this time.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda.
Approval of Minutes
Regular scheduled meeting of August 18, 2008
Joint Public Hearing with Planning Commission August 18, 2008