036
Mr. Smith presented a new cost comparison of the Bryant site and the present site.
(Cost comparison handout is filed in the elementary school folder). Mr. Smith
then provided some suggestions of uses for the existing school building if a new
school site were purchased.
Mr. Bosiger then called Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Schools to come forward and
make his presentation to the Board.
Dr. Krug came forward and explained that his purpose for meeting with the Board
was twofold. The first thing that he would like to discuss was the two options
being presented, building a new school versus renovating the present school. Dr.
Krug then explained the various education needs of the schools and how they
related to new construction or renovation. (Handout is filed in the elementary
school file).
Dr. Krug next gave a report on the present status of the primary, middle,
elementary and high schools and the needs that we would have to meet in the next
few years. (Handout on file in the elementary school file).
Mr. Bosiger thanked Dr. Krug and called on Mrs. Ora McCoy to appear before
the Board.
Mrs. McCoy came forward and asked that Mr. Bosiger read letters to the Board
from Mr. Franklin Vaughan and Mrs. Shirley Eye.
Mr. Bosiger read the following letters:
July 12, 1999
Attn: Mr. Garet Bosiger, Chairman
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
P. O. Box 863
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Dear Mr. Bosiger:
As a concerned citizen of Appomattox County, I would like to express to your Board a
couple of concerns that I have. I had wanted to appear before the Board, but I will be out
of town on vacation during your scheduled meeting on July 19".
(1) I was very surprised and disappointed to learn that the Board elected not to
fund the Office on Youth for the 1999-2000 year. I feel that this office is
desperately needed and the Rev. Alfred Jones has done a splendid job in
steering our “at risk” youth in the right direction. I feel that it is less
expensive to fund this office if that office can keep one or two of our youth