146,
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Planning Commission and
the Appomattox Board of Supervisors and special recessed meeting of the
Board of Supervisors was held March 11, 1993 at the Courthouse,
Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia to consider
a petitions to rezone two (2) parcels.
Present (Board of Supervisors)
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mt. District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Absent: (Board of Supervisors)
None
Present (Planning Commission)
Al Sears
Calvin Tanner
David Bailey
Wayne Lewis
Henry Pack
R. W. Mitchell
Russell Moore
Bill Caldwell, Assistant Clerk
Absent (Planning Commission)
C. A. Moore
Charles Smith
Phillip Mobley
The public hearing having been duly advertised was called to order at
7:34 P.M. by Chairman W. E. Jamerson, presiding. Mr. Jamerson stated
the purpose of the hearing, explained the procedure and announced the
petition to rezone the Lime Plant would not be considered tonight
because all adjacent property owners had not been properly notified.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the County Attorney, Mr. T. W. Lawson, to
further explain why the rezonings were being requested. Mr. Lawson
stated the two (2) petitions asks to rezone the County’s Landfill
property and the property of Mrs. Mabel Moore which contain the
limestone quarry and processing plant from Environmental Hazard (EH)
Districts to Agricultural (A~-1) Districts. Mr. Lawson pointed out
these two (2) parcels were the only properties in Appomattox County
Zoned EH.
Mr. Lawson continued by informing those in attendance that since the
public notice was published and a written notice had been mailed to
adjoining landowners, it had come to the County’s attention that all
the adjoining landowners to Mable Moore’s) property had not been
notified by mail as required; therefore, the only request to be
considered tonight will be the request to rezone the Appomattox
County’s Landfill property from EH to A-1. The request to change the