At 8:00 P.M. Mr. Carter called for a brief recess.
At 8:12 P.M. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and stated that the Board needed to enter
into Closed Session as per §2.2-3711-A.1 of the Code of Virginia — Discussion of a
Personnel Matter concerning an appointed official of the Board.
At 8:13 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into Closed
Session to discuss an appointed official of the Board as per §2.2-3711-A.1 — Personnel.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 8:43 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Carter the Board returned to
regular session. Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711-A.1 —
Personnel, Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing an appointed official of
the Board.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to instruct the County
Administrator to draft a job description and an Request for Proposal for the position of
County Attorney. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if the Board wished to approve Items 10 and 14 of the Consent Agenda
at this time.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve Item 10 — Courthouse
Project and Item 14 — Legal Services of the Consent Agenda as presented. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor Concerns: No one had anything further to
discuss.
At 8:45 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion to adjourn. Mr. Kendrick seconded. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.