185
amended, with the powers and duties set forth in the agreement and authorizing the
participation of the County of Appomattox therein. The full text of the proposed
ordinance is available for inspection in the Office of the County Administrator locate don
Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.,
Monday through Friday”.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 7:18 p.m.
Mr. Carter called Mr. John Wilson to address the Board. Mr. Wilson has requested
permission to discuss the C able Franchise A greement b etween the Board and NESBE
Cable.
Mr. Wilson passed out a copy of his comments. Mr. Wilson took issue with the
explanation that it takes time to trace down a break in the cable. Mr. Wilson stated, TV
has become a public utility, almost as important as the telephone and the supply of
electricity. W e depend upon it for news, w eather reports, school c losing information,
severe weather warnings and other public information, as well as entertainment. Mr.
Wilson closes by stating that the Board has the power to demand better services than the
FCC requires.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Wilson for his presentation.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Fred Kruschwitz of the Sports Complex Committee to address
the Board.
Mr. Kruschwitz is appearing to update the Board on the development of the community
Recreational Park on Police Tower Road. He is specifically appearing to request the
Board’s permission to advertise and accept bids for grading work on the first phase
(baseball fields) of the park’s development with a completion date of July 1, 2003. In an
effort to reduce costs, the Invitation for Bid contains no bid bond, no performance bond,
no liquidated damages and no warranty period. Since we will advertise only in the local
paper, we will have the option of including the performance bond or not. All the
County insurance requirements are included however. In addition to paying the
contractor, there will need to be some monies available to pay for other costs such as silt
fence, rocks, etc.
After some discussion Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to proceed
with the Invitation for Bid on grading of four (4) baseball fields at the Community
Recreational Park located on Route 613, with the understanding that a performance bond
may be required. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:44 p.m. Mr. Carter stated the need to go into closed session in accordance with the
Code of Virginia, '2.2-3711 A. 7 - Consultation with legal counsel; '2.2-3711 A. 3 -
acquisition of Real Property and '2.2-3711 A. 5 - discussion of prospective Business and
Industry Development.