326
He is proud to have helped with the financing of the Courthouse project as well as the
building of the new elementary school.
Mr. Slagle continued with a report on the CEDS Committee and passed out a copy of the
minutes of the July meeting. Mr. Slagle gave a history of the Committee, and went over
the appointees. The Board will be receiving CEDS minutes in the future as a means of
keeping you informed of the activities of this committee. They have done a S.W.O.T.
analysis. They looked at strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats.
Mr. Mills will give a brief presentation on tourism efforts in the past and develop a
specific plan of action we can take in order to move forward. They have come up with a
strawman plan.
Mr. Garnett Mills came forward and thanked the Board of Supervisors, the Chamber and
all those that have worked on tourism. His committee has come up with several things
that are necessary to get things started. Mr. Mills passed out a outline of the short,
medium and long range plans for this subcommittee. The main goal is to bring tourism
together in one place. In this plan, everyone that has anything to do with tourism, would
go through the Tourism Director. At the present time, there are too many fractions out
there doing the same thing. They feel a Committee should be formed of persons who can
work together and really want to see tourism flourish in the County and Town. The
Chamber currently represents about 140 businesses within the County.
He also discussed an official Appomattox County Website.
There was some mention of the Visitor’s Center (Long range). Really does not know
what the Town/County want on this. Some thinking is a Visitor’s Center should be out in
the County with better exposure. The present center is one of a few certified visitors
center in the state. Being certified is a plus for receiving grants, etc.
Mr. Kendrick stated he is very impressed with the plans that this committee has
presented. We need to move toward hiring a full-time tourism director. He would love
to see Ms. Dixon free to do this job.
Mr. Slagle next presented a report on the Water Study. This is a concern of everyone. If
last summer’s dry spell did not show how much we need a water supply, nothing will.
The County needs an entity to talk about these issues and to deal with water, sewer and
solid waste.
The discussion centered around forming an authority for water/sewer/solid waste. It was
the consensus of the Board to direct staff to make a recommendation on how to form an
authority and bringing water to the County within the next thirty (30) days.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the CEDS tourism plan as
a template for the County’s tourism plan. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)