337
Peaceful Meadow Road. Mr. Roark explained that the petitioner is requesting a conditional use
permit to locate an off-premise advertising sign on their property. The property is zoned
Industrial District and is Tax Map Number 62-A-11 and is approximately 5.99 acres in size.
Chairman Craft called for the petitioner to come forward and state their name and address.
Mr. Roark explained that Mr. Kevin O’Brien is the agent for the petitioner and he is not present
at the meeting.
Chairman Craft called for citizens who would like to speak against this petition to come forward
state their name and address. Having no one to speak if favor or against this petition, Chairman
Craft closed the hearing on petition CUP08005.
Mr. Roark next presented Petition RZ08003 — Mini Ball Lane Area.
Mr. Roark explained that multiple applicants are requesting to rezone multiple properties off
Mini Ball Lane and Chandlers Lane. Mr. Roark explained that the applicants are requesting to
rezone the properties from R-1 to A-1. The properties are identified as Tax Map Numbers
41(5)2, 2A, SA, & 5C with all four parcels totaling approximately 7.94 acres.
Mr. Roark stated that this is a combined application and the individuals involved are Ms. Stella
Ackers 2.96 acres, Bernice Thomas 1.99 acres, Patricia Chandler 1.44 acres, Brenda Coles 1.55
acres, Ms. Candice Lee has been assigned as the agent for this application.
Chairman Craft called on the agent of this petition to come forward state their name and address
and explained they would have three minutes to address the Board.
Ms. Candice Lee came forward and stated her address as 566 Mini Ball Lane.
Ms. Lee stated that the reason she wanted this property rezoned from R-1 — to A-1 as it would
allow her to put a double wide mobile home behind her mother’s existing mobile home.
Chairman Craft called for other citizens who are in favor of this petition to come forward and
address the Board.
Ms. Patricia Chandler came up and stated her address as 474 Mini Ball Lane and then stated that
she is in favor of this petition being passed due to this is not a residential area, it is more of an
agricultural area.
Ms. Brenda Coles next came forward and stated her address as 202 Chandler Lane. Ms. Coles
stated that she is in favor of this petition so that she can continue to own her livestock and keep
them on her property.
Ms. Stella Acker came forward and stated her address as 588 Mini Ball Lane. Ms. Acker stated
that she is in favor of this petition so that her granddaughter would be able to put a double wide
mobile home on her property.