On a motion by Mr. Moore at 8:57 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors:
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye..
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was action necessary from the executive session?
Hearing none and being no further business,at 9:04 P.M. Mr. Moore made.a motion
seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn until-August 23, 1999 for a recessed meeting and work
session in the School Board Conference room at 7:00 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAIRMAN
A recessed meeting and work session of the Appomattox County Board of‘Supervitsors
was held on August 23, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the School Board conference room, North
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator