385
At 6:34 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order, welcomed everyone present and
asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Citizen Public Comment Period: Mr. Carter asked if anyone had any comments they
wished to express to the Board at this time.
Mr. John Wilson came forward, stated his address as Church Street, Appomattox, Va.
Mr. Wilson spoke about getting together on issues, resolving problems and moving on.
He also stated that the Board was elected because the community needed leadership.
Mr. Wilson spoke against the sub-division Freedom Ridge. We do not need a retirement
community for people who are not members of this community to retire to. A
community which in ten (10) years will be a drag on the county, one that will be a ghetto.
We do not need any more ghettos. We do not need the drag on our water table and we
certainly do not need people who are realtors, and builders serving on the planning
commission, the Board of Supervisors and any case where there is a conflict of interest.
Reclusion and not voting on an issue is not enough. If you occupy a position of
responsibility and you go around advocating these other positions while you are in office,
it is the same principle and unethical in his opinion.
Mr. Wilson also spoke regarding the old elementary school being put to use. We have a
strong County Administrator and if given positive directions he will take charge and you
want him to take charge of the administrative issues, but policy is your game. The Board
is suppose to be setting policy and he would like to see this Board do it.
Ms. Rowena Ferguson Robertson of Route 3, Box 157A, Concord came forward. Mrs.
Robertson is here representing the Carver-Price Alumni Association and they have
several issues of great concern to their organization. There are three (3) different groups
working on the uses for the former Carver-Price School: The Board of Supervisors, the
School Board, and the Facilities Committee. In a September 17" letter the Facilities
Committee requested that a representative of the Alumni Association be appointed to
represent the Association in the implementation of the vision they related on September
15", 2003. This appointee would communicate progress on the project, assist in
development of activities and provide the Committee with input from the Association.
They attempted several times to find out when the next meeting would be held. They
were informed at 6:55 p.m. on October 15" that a Facilities Committee meeting would be
held at 7:00 p.m. that evening. They are requesting that their organization not be left out
of the planning and implementation of the Carver-Price project.
They are also emphasizing that the building be used for educational purposes only, being
called the Carver-Price Educational Complex. They do not agree with this property being
used to house a garage for county buses and other vehicles but rather used for athletic
fields for soccer, football, etc.