579
that the Commercial District is split into a General Commercial (B-1) and General Office District
(B-2). Mr. Roark explained that the new B-2 is provided for attractive and efficient office uses
and provides a logical buffer between conflicting land use types.
Mr. Roark explained that the Industrial District has been split into three zones, Low Intensity
Industrial (I-1) which is R&D, warehousing, data centers, etc., High Intensity Industrial (1-2)
which is intensive industrial uses, manufacturing, etc.; Planned Industrial Park (1-3) which is
intended to be a park like atmosphere that supports light to medium industrial uses and
complimentary office uses. Mr. Roark explained that the creation of the Corridor Overlay
District (CO) designated Routes 460, 24, 26 and Route 60; 500 feet from the edge of each r/w in
each direction. The Corridor Overlay district realizes the importance of these corridors and their
aesthetic value to the community. This district increases regulations above the underlying zoning
district which adds additional standards for lighting, signage, landscaping, parking and setbacks.
The lot frontage in CO-is 300 feet; Front setback in CO is 100 feet; Parking setback in CO is 50
feet; landscaping- 1-tree per 25 feet of frontage, 3 shrubs per 25 feet of frontage and the
maximum impervious areas in street yard = 15%. Parking requires natural islands if more than
10 parking spaces and limits to 1 access point unless Traffic Improvement Study is performed
and approved by VDOT. Mr. Roark stated that setbacks may be reduced by increasing
landscaping.
Mr. Roark explained Article 4- Site Development Regulations and stated that additional
regulations have been incorporated for specific uses that are intended to mitigate impacts of the
land use when there are conflicting land uses. This district outlines the requirements for a site
development plan and there has been added increased attention to parking standards which does
not require pavement, will require adequate accommodations per the use and requires adequate
number of spaces for disabled.
Mr. Roark explained Article 5- Signs and stated that one of the areas that the 2008 Citizens
Survey indicated support for more rigorous standards. This section provides more uniform
standards for commercial signs, requires a permit to be obtained prior to placing a sign and it
better addresses off-premise signs.
Mr. Roark explained Article 6- Landscaping and stated that the 2008 Citizen Survey indicated
support for this type of regulation and the goals of this district will be to comply with the
Comprehensive Plan, reduce soil erosion, increase infiltration in permeable land areas, mitigate
air, dust, and noise pollution and provide buffers between incompatible land uses. Mr. Roark
explained that the General Landscaping Requirements do not apply to single family residences,
requires foundation plantings, parking area, plantings and buffering when use type conflicts with
a residential use type. Mr. Roark stated the Corridor Overlay Requirements are more stringent.