526
WHEREAS, Section 11-41.G of the Code of Virginia states a public body may establish purchase
procedures, if adopted in writing, not requiring competitive negotiation for single or term contracts
for professional services if the aggregate or the sum of all phases is not expected to exceed $30,000;
however, such small purchase procedures shall provide for competition whenever practical.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
do hereby adopt and establish such a procedure with the monetary limits set forth in the Virginia
Public Procurement Act under Sections 11-41.F and 11-41.G of the Code of Virginia.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
3. Tax Levy: Mr. Carroll reminded the Board that they need to set the Real Estate Tax Levy at
tonight’s meeting. The Board also needs to extend the deadline for collection of taxes until June 20,
2001 to allow the Commissioner of Revenue and the Treasurer time to prepare statements.
Mr. Carroll suggested that the Board also consider setting the Personal Property Rate at this time.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to set the Tax Levy Rate at .80 cents per $100
of assessed value for Real Estate and the Personal Property at $3.50 per $100 assessed valuation and
the Merchants Capitol at $1.00 per $100 assessed valuation; also to extend the deadline for tax
collection to June 20, 2001. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Housing and Assistance Office: Mrs. Shirley Jones has resigned from her position as Rental
Housing Assistance Agent. Mr. Carroll has addressed two options for continuing this program as
it does provide a need for residents of our County. The Board could decide to hire another employee
to administer this program. This would involve extensive training for a new person, plus this new
employee would require supervision from within the Administrator’s Office. However, Mr. Carroll
is not recommending the Board hire someone in this position, since there is another viable option.
Lyn-Cag (Lynchburg Community Action Group) is willing to run this program for the County. They
already provide services to the County for HOPWA (Housing Assistance for People with Aids) and
a Indoor Plumbing Program. However, they do not currently have office space within the County.
They would like for Appomattox County to provide office space from which they could operate these
programs. They would pay for any costs directly attributed to their operation.
We would need to enter into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Lyn-Cag specifying
donated office space and costs that may be charged to them, as well as they would be required to
submit an annual report to the Board of Supervisors regarding the effectiveness of the programs
offered in the County.
There was much discussion regarding this issue. Mr. Carwile stated he would have no input into the
discussion so as not to imply any conflict of interest.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to authorize Mr. Carroll to enter into a