290
FINALLY BE IT RESOLVED, that the County of Appomattox proclaims October
27, 1993, to be "Unfunded Mandates Day in Appomattox", in
observance of National Unfunded Mandates Day.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson explained that Mayor Spiggle requested he and one other
Board member serve on a committee to review Cable T. V. Mrs. Beasley
volunteered to serve on this committee.
Mr. Jamerson read a request from Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of Schools,
for an appropriation from the Textbook Rental Fund. Mrs. Beasley made
a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $68,009.48 from the
Textbook Rental Fund for the month of October. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson referenced a letter from Dr. Thomas concerning the Middle
School needs. Mr. Jamerson requested the Board set a date to meet to
discuss the Middle School and Jail Projects. The Board by concensus
agreed to meet on November 1, 1993 at 6:00 P.M. in the Board room.
Dr. Thomas has invited the Board members to tour the schools on October
22, 1993 and would like to know how many will be touring. Mr. Carwile
and Mr. Torrence indicated they would be attending.
Mr. Jamerson continued by reading a request from the Department of
Housing and Community Development for a resolution recognizing October
as Affordable Housing Awareness month. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
AFFORDABLE HOUSING AWARENESS MONTH
WHEREAS, decent, safe, and affordable housing is the cornerstone upon
which our families and our communities are built; and
WHEREAS, substandard or deteriorating housing, inadequate plumbing, and
overcrowding threaten the health and safety of Virginia’s
households and diminish the economic vitality of Virginia’s
communities; and
WHEREAS, those Virginians with special needs for accessibility or
supportive services have additional difficulty finding adequate
affordable housing; and
WHEREAS, the dream of decent affordable housing will only become a
reality through the leadership and partnership of state and local
governments, businesses and civic organizations;