253
At 6:07 P.M. Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to give the invocation.
Mr. Moore then called for approval of the Bills.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the bills dated March 20, 2000 aspresented. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr.Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that an executive session was necessary under Section 2.1-344(A)(7), alegal issue.
At 6:10 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into executive sessionto discuss a legal matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick at 6:55 P.M. it was resolved that the Boardof Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive meeting thisdate pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the VirginiaFreedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a certification bythe Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted inconformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BEIT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors herebycertifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfullyexempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meetingto which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussedor considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter,aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 6:56 P.M. Mr. Moore called for a recess until after the Public Hearing on zoning petitions.
At 7:10 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting and called upon Mrs. MarthaMoore to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Moore thanked the Board for their decision to proceed with the building of a new elementary