428
Council with a “Stop the Violence Proclamation” lapel pin.
Ms. Jones then asked the Board of Supervisors and the Town Council to sign the official
proclamation for “Stop the Violence Week”
Mr. Moore and Mr. Spiggle made comments supporting this proclamation.
The two governing bodies then assembled to sign the proclamation, after which Ms. Jones, Ms.
Johnson and Ms. Harrison left the meeting. (See November, 2000 Board File)
At 6:30 Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to recess the Board of Supervisors until
after dinner. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and
Mr. Carter, aye
At 6:32 P.M. Mr. Steve Lawson made a motion seconded by Marvin Mitchell to recess the Town
Council until after dinner. Council voted to recess and all those present voting aye. Motion carried.
At 7:33 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Hancock seconded by Mr. Carwile the Board of Supervisors
reconvened the meeting.
At 7:34 P.M. Mr. Jimmy Mayberry made a motion to reconvene the Town Council meeting,
seconded by Mr. Lewis McDearmon. Council voted to reconvene and all those present voting aye.
Motion carried.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Carroll to discuss the Comprehensive Plan. Mr. Carroll stated the update for
the Comprehensive Plan is due in August 2001. This has to be approved by the Board of
Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council and the Pamplin Town Council. This is mandated to
be updated every 5 years. The Planning Commission has started to look at this and Mr. Stidham will
be working with the Planning Commission and will be looking to the Board and Town Council for
guidance on where to go.
Mr. Spiggle stated that since the Town is already working on a historic district, maybe this should
be included in this plan. Maybe the County should work ona plan to incorporate some of the homes
outside of the Town limits.
The majority of both bodies feel the Town and County should work together to find the best way to
utilize the historic areas as well as develop the 460 corridor to attract tourists to spend more time
here, not just spend a couple of hours, i.e. established hotel, restaurant, conference center and maybe
an outlet mall. We also could look into the possibility of developing a drama group. This is all
contingent upon a water and sewer system.
There was a lot of discussion on the flexibility of attracting both tourism and industry.
Mr. Carroll stated that in the Comprehensive Plan we need to figure out what about the County as
it is we wish to keep, what is it about Appomattox that we like and make sure we take safeguards