566
Mr. Overstreet explained that the Board would need to enter into closed session to discuss the
purchase of property for the water system.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into closed session at 9:12 p.m. Mr. Moore seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to enter back into regular session at 9:33 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Closed Session Certification.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Chairman Conrad called for any other business the Board may have, hearing none, Mr. Craft
made a motion to adjourn the regular scheduled meeting at 9:33 p.m. Mr. Moore seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The regular scheduled meeting on June 15, 2009 adjourned at 9:33 p.m.
EAC
ThomasH. Conrad, Chairman