325
Cultural Center on Patricia Anne Lane. He is representing their organization to say that
they want to give their full support to the application for the CDBG Grant. He is thankful
to this program, as he received his own education at CVCC back in 1972. He thinks this
will be a wonderful opportunity that will allow people with moderate to low incomes to
just walk to school and continue their education. This will be a great thing for
Appomattox County.
Mr. Zack Rosser — President of Carver-Price Alumni Association: The Carver-
Price Alumni Association supports the CDBG grant application for renovation of the
Carver-Price Educational Complex. They also support the CVCC satellite campus. They
feel that this will benefit the citizens of Appomattox County as well as the surrounding
counties. They also feel that this will greatly enhance tourism and bring revenue to the
County. They are asking the Board of Supervisors support this project.
Dr. Walter Krug — Superintendent of Schools: Mr. Krug is representing the
Appomattox County Public Schools in full support of this CDBG grant application. Last
month, Ms. Martha Eagle, Director of Career and Technology Education provided
information about the Appomattox ranking as one of the highest unemployment rates in
the region, as a significant number of citizens have neither a high school diploma nor a
GED diploma. These statistics, coupled with the generally accepted fact that those
entering the workforce today will embark on a minimum of 5 or 6 career paths in their
working lifetime. That punctuates the need for a workforce training and re-training
center in our community. We feel that the Workforce Development Training Center at
the Carver-Price Educational Complex is a great benefit to both our students in our
schools as well as the workforce in this community. It will serve as an adjunct to high
school programs, and for County residents it will also offer expanded opportunities for
refining their skills and learning new ones. Employers will also benefit from local
training facilities. We believe that this workforce center with a single one-stop provision
of a satellite campus for Central Virginia Community College, offices for the Virginia
Employment Commission, the Business Development Center and Region 2000 Career
Center will all be a catalyst for economic development in our County. They urge the
Board's support of this application.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak on this subject.
Mr. Carter thanked everyone that did come forward and express their views on the
CDBG application process.
At 6:20 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
2
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman