(op)
©o
Ww
in Richmond.
Mr. Kendrick , Mr. Carwile, and Mr. Hancock all support the lobbying effort of SB618.
Mr. Moore feels there needs to be a change made in Richmond
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to join the coalition
named “Coalition for Clarity in Sewage Sludge Authority” for lobbying against biosolids headed up
by Shannon R. Varner and the law firm of Troutman, Sanders, Mays & Valentine LLP for a fee of
$5,000.00. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
2. Dumpster site improvements: Landfill staff have received two bids for site improvements at
Oakville, Vera, and Route 604 dumpster sites to add a total of four new box locations. These
bids were both approximately $35,000.00. Only $27,000.00 had been budgeted for this
expenditure.
There was some discussion regarding who will make the decision on which bid to accept. Also
suggestion was made that we go back to bidders and ask them to reconsider their bid to fall within
our budgeted amount.
By consensus the Board agreed to ask the two bidders to reconsider their bids to be more in line with
what the Board had budgeted for this expenditure.
Mr. Moore is greatly concerned with persons placing cardboard boxes in the regular dumpster
instead of the box designated for cardboard only. According to the landfill personnel, 30 - 40 % of
the dumpster space is taken up with paper and cardboard. We need to find a way to get citizens of
the County to use the containers at the dumpster sites properly. Maybe by the use of bigger and
better signs.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to put signs at the dumpster sites regarding
which containers are for CARDBOARD ONLY AND/OR HOUSEHOLD GARBAGE.
Mr. Carwile has some reservations on moving too fast. Maybe this should be moved to Supervisors’
Concerns in order to give more consideration.
Mr. Kendrick then withdrew the above motion and made a new motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
place this item on the agenda for the next meeting. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 7:01 p.m. the Board recessed until after the Public Hearing.
At 7:05 Mr. Carter reopened the Board meeting
3. Board of Equalization: The Daily pay rate for this Board needs to be set. The Board of