002
oppose the petition and knew of no other neighbors that did.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those opposing the petition.
There being no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear the next
petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-164 of Mr. Richard James
Purcell, Jr. seeking a Conditional Use Permit to allow a home
occupation for an auto repair shop in an accessory building
to the main dwelling. Mr. Purcell’s' property is located on
Route 650 between Route 648 and Route 606.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the applicant. There being
no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those favoring
the petition. There being no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to
hear from those opposing the petition. There being no
response, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell for the next
petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-165 of Ms. Wanda Daley seeking
a Conditional Zoning Permit to allow erection of another (the
second) mobile home on her lot of approximately three (3)
acres. Ms. Daley’s property is located on Route 727 between
Route 604 and Route 733. In a letter to the Board of
Supervisors dated June 19, 1992, Ms. Daley pointed out the
property consisted of two (2) separate mobile home sites
prior to enactment of the zoning ordinance. Each site had
its own well, septic tank, and drainfield. In the same
letter, Ms. Daley proffered the following conditions in the
event the conditional zoning was approved:
1. The additional mobile home will be erected ona
permanent foundation.
2. The additional mobile home will only be used as a
primary residence for my daughter.
3. Should my daughter decide later to move, the
additional mobile home will be removed.
4. The mobile homes will be situated on my property
Similar to that shown on the attached sketch.
5. The mobile homes and my property will be kept ina
neat and orderly fashion.
The complete content of Ms. Daley’s June 19, 1992 letter to
the Board of Superivsors was:
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
Post Office Box 863
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Re: Conditional Zoning
Dear Supervisors:
This is a request for Conditional Zoning for property I own
in Richwood Estates adjacent to Route 727. My property 1s
zoned R-1 and consists of three (3) acres.
When Zoning in Appomattox was established there were two (2)
mobile home sites on my property with their own well, septic
tank, and drainfield and one (1) site was occupied.