285
operation is costing per ton and the taxpayers in the County. Mr.
Carwile stated that he just wanted Mr. Peterson to be aware of what our
neighboring counties are doing and the action they are taking.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would be interested in keeping up with how
much of an increase these other counties will have to sustain when
their contracts come up for renewal. Typically these companies start
out with very low rates and then have hugh increases once they have
your business.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Peterson for a report on his appearance before
the Senate Subcommittee on Recycling.
Mr. Peterson began by saying that it was interesting listening to
reports from other localities on how they were meeting the recycling
mandates. Mr. Peterson continued by stating that he felt the committee
was pleased with his report and the manner in which Appomattox County
is meeting the requirements for recycling. Most other localities are
either contracting for their recycling or using business and industry
programs to meet the mandates.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Peterson and called on Ms. Sharon
Harrup representing Southside Training Employment Placement Services,
Inc. to appear before the Board.
Ms. Harrup began by commenting on the subcommittee meeting. She also
attended with the Town of Farmville and indicated that we were in the
minority explaining the positives of recycling.
Ms. Harrup asked to meet with the Board in order to thank them for
their contribution and to share information on what STEPS is doing.
Ms. Harrup continued by telling the Board that STEPS serves a number of
citizens from Appomattox County, including two students who are legally
blind.
Ms. Harrup explained that STEPS has contracted with the Town of
Farmville, Buckingham County, Prince Edward County and Charlotte County
to help with their recycling. STEPS recycling program includes
corrugated board, chip board, paper, glass, plastics and aluminun.
The other production area that STEPS is involved in is commercial grade
aprons. This is a new program which will not only involve the
participants in the STEPS program but will require additional personnel
that can be obtained from the job market.
Ms. Harrup closed by extending an invitation to the Board to come and
tour the STEPS facility to see first hand what the program is all about,
Mr. Carwile noted that the volume of recycling was indeed great and
questioned the type of baler that was used by STEPS.