508
15. Thank You Note: Progress report and thank you note from Jillian Mitchel.
Mr. Carter asked for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS: (Item 16)
Mr. Armbrust has some concerns regarding the use of the old elementary school
cafeteria by the Wrestling Team that was discussed several meeting back. He has had
a couple of parents approach him regarding this issue. He feels the Board should re-
visit this and see what we can do. If the wrestling team cannot find a place to practice,
this program may go under. He feels we may be able to accommodate them on a
temporary basis, at least for one year. He would like to discuss this with Ms. Ferguson
and Ms. Dixon.
At 6:42 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a brief recess.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting and asked Ms. Rhonda J. Knight,
Director of Development, Virginia Legal Aid Society to address the Board. MS.
Knight has requested to meet with the Board to explain the services that Virginia Legal
Aid Society provides for citizens of Appomattox County.
Ms. Knight thanked the Board for letting her to present a brief presentation. The
Virginia Legal Aid Society’s commission is resolve serious legal problems of low income
people, to promote economic and family stability, reduce poverty through effective legal
assistance, and to champion equal justice. They are a non-profit law firm that provides
free legal information, advice and representation in civil cases to low-income individuals
and families. We use skills to solve problems in health care, public benefits, housing,
family relations, wills and powers of attorney, education, consumer transactions and
jobs and job training. For more than twenty-five (25) years they have been the only
institutional provider of such services in Central, Southside and Western Tidewater
Virginia. There is no competition in this area for Virginia Legal Aid Society. They have
offices in Danville, Emporia, Farmville, Lynchburg and Suffolk. In these offices we have a
full time able attorney who only works for the Virginia Legal Aid Society, paralegals and
administrative personnel.
Clients must have incomes below 125% of the federal poverty level (i.e. $20,750 for a
family of three). Ms. Knight presented several statistical reports on cases for
Appomattox County for the FY05-06. She also gave a brief report on their work and
case stories. Since they do not charge any clients, they must rely on other sources of
funding for their income. Since 2003 their funding from state and federal resources has
been on the decline, and they are in need of help from the local governments and at the
present time they have eleven (11) that are providing funding.
Mr. Armbrust asked if Ms. Knight could give the Board some examples of the funding
provided by the other local governments. She did disclose these donations.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Ms. Knight came to her and they discussed the fact that we
get a funding request from Legal Aid every year at budget time but because of all the
other things, and because of the fact that her letterhead is not very attractive. They
discussed when was a good time to talk to the Board. Generally, if Appomattox County