175
FURTHER, should a candidate or legislator desire to impact tax Policy as it relates
to the real estate or other local tax, that the candidate or legislator use as the
tool to address such policy tax credits or deductions to state or federal income
taxes in lieu of enacting limitations on local taxing authority; and
FURTHER, that it is imperative for local government to retain sole control over
the decisions which determine equity of local taxation Policy, if governing bodies
are to effectively address local service needs.
Mr. Conrad stated he felt the Board should not take action on this tonight as it requires
further study. This resolution will give the Counties the ability to decide their own needs
based on taxes rather than having the State tell them how much they can do and how
much they cannot do as with the past decision by Gov. Gilmore to eliminate the car tax
which limited our ability to fund certain programs by reducing our revenue.
After much discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to table
this item until the second meeting in August, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Youth Sports Donation: There has been some discussion that the $5,000.00
set aside in the budget for Youth Sports may be better used toward helping
complete the projects underway at the Community Park.
Mr. Conrad stated he had some information to present during the Supervisor Concerns
period pertinent to this matter. He is requesting that any action on this item be
deferred until later in the meeting.
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 6-14)
6. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of regular meeting held on July
5, 2005.
7. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $4,476.14 to 3102-5408 for reimbursement
received from the insurance to replace radio equipment destroyed in automobile
accident.
9. Library: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental appropriation totaling
$541.29 to the library budget for donation’s received, book replacement fees and
book sales.
10. School Board: Please appropriate by consent a supplemental appropriation in
the amount of $304.38 to the school budget for funds received from individuals
for dental insurance premiums.