344
Mr. Carwile explained that he felt the Chairman should be allowed to make motions, and
that in his research he had found that small Boards could allow for this. Mr. Carwile
continued that he felt denying the Chairman the ability to make motions hindered the
Chairman’s effectiveness to represent his district.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to continue with Roberts
Rules of Order Simplified until Ms. Ferguson could order copies of Roberts Rule of
Order Newly Revised, for each members review.
Meeting dates, time and place were next discussed at length, with several suggestions
being heard.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile for the Board to
meet the 1“ and 3 Monday of each month at 7:00 P.M. with the first Monday being
appearances before the Board and the third Monday the zoning Public Hearing and
Administrative Items. Also, no new business would be started after 9:30 P.M., but would
be postponed until another meeting. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had instructions for the County Administrator.
Mr. Carwile presented a copy of the Organizational Chart and asked Ms. Ferguson if she
felt the system worked.
Ms. Ferguson explained that if the chart were followed it was an asset to her performing
her job. Ms. Ferguson continued she would provide Mr. Carter with a copy of this
information, since he was new to the Board.
By consensus, the Board of Supervisors thanked Ms. Ferguson for the job she had been
doing and stated she should continue as she has in the past.
Mr. Bosiger then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes of the
regular meeting of December 1, 1997; a recessed meeting of December 15, 1997; Public
Hearing of December 15, 1997 and a Special Meeting of December 22, 1997. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then welcomed Mr. Sammy Carter to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger next called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT, Resident Engineer to appear before
the Board.