668
CURRENT: Defined as: Any subdivision where the resulting lot or lots contain 25 or
more acres.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT: Defined as: Any subdivision where the resulting lot or lots contain
twenty (20) or more acres.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT — SUBDIVISION ORDINANCE
SECTION: 3.4 Exemptions for Agricultural Subdivision and Pipe Stem Lots
ORIGIN OF REQUEST: Citizen Request. Staff received a request from Mr. Bill
Dickerson, local surveyor, citing the need to re-examine our ordinance concerning pipe
stem lots. This type of lot was permitted in the former ordinance as an exemption;
however, the Planning Commission decided not to include them in the new ordinance.
Mr. Dickerson has found this problematic because of the long history of surveying
property and “setting up” parcels to be divided under this method in the future. The
Planning Commission evaluated the matter at its April meeting and determined that pipe
stem lots are a valuable means of subdividing land.
CURRENT: Pipe Stem Lots on 50 foot stems are not currently allowed.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT:
3.4.1 Lots subdivided as agriculture tracts shall be exempt from the street frontage requirements in the
Zoning Ordinance. Applicants for agriculture subdivision approval shall submit to the subdivision
agent four (4) copies of a plat conforming to the requirements set forth in 3.21-Content of Final
Plat. Staff approval or denial of agricultural subdivisions shall be given within five (5) business
days of submission by the surveyor or owner.
3.4.2 — Lots subdivided as a pipe stem lot shall have a minimum fifty (50) feet of street frontage. No more
than two (2) stems may abut one another and no more than three (3) pipe stems shall be allowed
in any 600 foot continuous span of street frontage. The minimum lot size for a pipe stem lot shall
be no less than ten (10) acres.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT — SUBDIVISION ORDINANCE
SECTION: 3.8 Family Divisions
ORIGIN OF REQUEST: Planning Commission. The Planning Commission re-
examined the regulations governing family divisions. The Planning Commission felt it
was necessary to amend the ordinance to include a restrictive covenant stating that the
property has been owned by the grantor for at least ten (10) years and the grantee
would prohibit transfer of the property to non-family members for ten (10) years
following the conveyance. This coincides with Code of Virginia Section 15.2-2244.1,
which allows these restrictions for up to fifteen (15) years.
CURRENT:
3.8.1 No tract of land situated in Appomattox County shall be subdivided unless the subdivider shall
cause a plat of subdivision to be made, submitted and approved to the terms of this ordinance and
recorded in the land records of the office of the Clerk of the Circuit Court.