atl
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if any action was necessary from the executive
session.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette, thanked and excused Mr. Slagle.
Mr. Paulette next called on Sheriff Wilson Staples to appear before the
Board.
€0-
Sheriff Staples began by thanking the Board for repairing the parking
lots.
Sheriff Staples continued by reminding the Board that he had requested
an addition to the Sheriff’s Office that would cover his immediate
needs. Sheriff Staples continued that after talking with various
contractors they felt he should look at future needs before making a
decision to add on.
Sheriff Staples then told the Board that some of his space needs were:
evidence storage room, other storage, offices, staff meeting room and
magistrate’s office.
After further discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to have Sheriff Staples proceed with having plans drawn for the
new addition. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked Sheriff Staples if he could enlighten the Board on
what could be done concerning livestock wandering on lands of another.
Sheriff Staples stated he felt that an ordinance could be put into
place but did not recommend a fencing ordinance.