163
Being nothing else for Mr. Austin, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused him.
Mr. Paulette next invited Ms. Jamee Hall to appear before the board.
Ms. Hall and Ms. Carolyn Bondurant, volunteers with "Spot" the library
bus, came forward. Ms. Bondurant gave a brief overview of Spot’s
activities over the summer and Ms. Hall presented slides showing some
of Spots clients.
Mr. Paulette then thanked Ms. Hall and Ms. Bondurant for their efforts
in making books available to children in areas where a library is not
readily accessible. Certificates of Appreciation were then presented to)
each volunteer who helped make the program such a hugh success. Mr.
Paulette again thanked those present and excused them.
Mr. Paulette next explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 7:30 P.M. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:10 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted aaa |
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence; aye.
Mr. Paulette noted there was no action from the executive session.
Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. & Mrs. Robbie Thomas to come before the
board.
mia