679
Mr. Armbrust stated that there was another accident recently at the entrance to
Kroger’s. He is aware that this issue has been discussed at various times in the past.
He, personally, has looked into some information, has tried to contact VDOT, regarding
the number of accidents and how we can help with this. There is also the speed limit
issue that Delegate Abbitt is working on. We are looking for safety for our citizens. The
problem is that he cannot get any figures on the number of accidents. We need to do
something at this intersection but he does not know what. Maybe some flashing lights.
He has had several citizens contact him recently regarding this problem.
Mr. Carter suggested that Mr. Don Austin of VDOT attend the next Board meeting to see
if he can shed any light on this issue.
Mr. Moore reported that he had received complaints regarding speeding on a section of
road near his home — Route 664 (Cove Mountain Road). This road has a section just
off Route 26 that contains 12 to 15 homes, the road is narrow and there are some
humps and with people speeding there is the possibility of a serious accident because of
sight distance. The residents have approached VDOT regarding a reduced speed limit
sign and they were informed that this request would have to come from the Board of
Supervisors. He is asking that the Board write this letter to VDOT.
Mr. Carter stated he thought each member would write down what they would consider
the top five (5) priority items for the County in 2005.
At 7:03 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess before entering into the Joint Work
Session with the Appomattox Town Council.
At 7:55 Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors’ meeting, at which time, Mr.
Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, November 15, 2004, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox Town Council held a joint work session in Council Chambers of the
Appomattox Town Office, located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.:
PRESENT: (Town Council)
Ronnie Spiggle — Mayor
John Wilson
Steve Lawson
Jimmy Mayberry
Lewis McDearmon
Marvin Mitchell