511
Mr. Donald Carrico of Route 705, Appomattox, Va.
Mr. Carrico stated a right is a precious thing for all of us to have and to gain a
right means a lot. He is in favor of hunting with rifles larger than .22 caliber.
Mr. Gregg Totty —
Mr. Totty asked that everyone pray for his 3 minutes.
Mr. Jimmy E. Vassar, Stonewall District, Appomattox, VA. —
Mr. Vassar is in favor of allowing hunting with rifles larger than .22 caliber in
Appomattox. We are not terrorists - we are sportsmen, neighbors and friends.
Hunters in Appomattox County will be just as responsible during the deer season
as they are any other time.
Mr. Randy Foster, Spout Spring, Va.
Mr. Foster began by saying they have been circulating some letters to
landowners in the county, trying to get a feel for how they feel regarding the
rifle ordinance. | The support has been overwhelming throughout the County.
The majority of the large landowners as well as the larger hunt clubs are in
support of this ordinance. He hopes the Board will base their decision on these
facts.
Mr. Thomas Jones, Sheriff of Charlotte County.
Mr. Jones stated he was asked to appear in support of the rifle ordinance and
provide some information regarding the use of rifles in Charlotte County. They
allowed rifle hunting and their terrain is very similar to that of Appomattox. He is
neither pro nor con where rifle vs shotgun is concerned. They have had 4
accidental shooting with shotguns and no actual shooting with rifles. Two of
these shooting were during Turkey season and two during Deer season. He cited
one accidental shooting where the shooter hear a sound and mistook a jogger
for a deer. This incident took place in the early morning hours and visibility was
poor. The jogger was not killed. This is the only rifle accident he is aware of in
Charlotte County. He is in favor of hunting with rifles.
Ms. Magda Lista, Route 664, Cove Mountain Road, Gladstone, VA. — 7:24 P.M.
Ms. Lista stated that in hunting season they have a whole parade in her area,
starting on the first day of hunting season. She is no stranger to guns and was
licensed to carry in her last job. She is not an enemy of hunters. She believes
they are a function in society, not only for food, for sport; however, she was not
going to address this panel until around March 7", a Sunday while her husband
was standing in the garden and bullets were raining around him. Had she been
home, the police would have been notified. They were shooting over a tree line
not knowing what was on the other side. This is the height of irresponsibility.
This made her take another look at this issue. If anyone in her family is injured