024
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Garet K. Bosiger - Supervisor Elect
Sandra Lindsay - Resident Engineer, Virginia Department of
Transportation
Don Austin - Virginia Department of Transportation
Mr. Moore, Vice-Chairman, called the meeting to order at 3:30 p.m. and
asked Ms. Lindsay and Mr. Austin to present information on the
Secondary Road System Six Year Plan.
Ms. Lindsay began by explaining that each Board member had been
provided a copy of the previous Six Year Plan for review prior to this
work session. (Copy #1 of file in November 1995 Board file.) Ms.
Lindsay continued that Mr. Austin had taken the remaining four years of
the Plan and worked up a draft based on projected money which he was
handing out to the Board. (Copy #2 on file in November 1995 Board
file.) Ms. Lindsay provided a thorough explanation of funding
allocations and project estimates and how the allocations were made.
Ms. Lindsay then asked Mr. Austin to explain his estimates to the Board
Mr. Austin provided a detailed review of the projects in the Six Year
Plan.
After plan review discussion followed as to which projects were of the
greatest priority.
After discussion, it was agreed to move Route 641, priority #8, to
priority #7; and move Route 608, priority #7 to priority #8.
Mr. Austin next discussed with the Board traffic counts on the Unpaved
Road Priority List. (Copy #3 and #4 in November 1995 Board file.)
After review and discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was
agreed to leave the unpaved road priority list as submitted.
Being no further business, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; and Mr.
Carwile, aye. _
—Chairman
GE
Vice:
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
on December 4, 1995 at 6:00 p.m. in the School Board Conference Room,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District