366
is her hope that the zoning application for this Conditional Use Permit will be granted.
She has seen the Goodson Manor in Farmville. It is a very attractive building on the
outside, nicely landscaped and really looks nice. Even though she does not plan to
move into the Walter Gum Manor facility, she is thankful that her neighborhood was
chosen for the location of this facility and she welcomes it to her neighborhood. The
bottom line is, she is a Methodist.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak in favor of this petition. Hearing none,
Mr. Roark turned the meeting back over to Mr. Carter.
At 7:10 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for a five (5) minute recess.
Samad &. Cake
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Wednesday April 26, 2006 at 7:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Budget Work Session at the Old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Courtroom located
in the County Administration Building at 175 Morton Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
ABSENT:
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Barry Elder, Director of Social Services
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had asked Mr. Elder to address the Board specifically about
Comprehensive Services Act and the position we are needing to take care of the
administrative and follow the casework on the children who need services.
Mr. Elder stated he appreciated the Board taking the time to allow him to explain the
Comprehensive Act. Mr. Elder stated he was addressing the Board as a member of the
Community Policy and Management Team concerning the Comprehensive Services Act
Coordinator. Ms. Dorinda Gratsby is the Chairperson of the committee and was unable
to attend tonight due to a previous commitment. The Comprehensive Services Act is a
Program that sort of came into being and a lot of people do not know what it is all