393
Mr. Almond next explained the results of the survey question on how they felt the county
was spending tax dollars. Mr. Almond stated that out of the 98 survey participants they
did not feel that county money was being spent as it should be spent in fiscal year 2009.
Mr. Almond stated that this is one thing that he felt there was a big contrast in.
Mr. Almond stated that there were also some excellent comments given and some
different ideas on how to make a county a better community.
Mr. Almond explained what the county is doing now to make our community a better
community. Mr, Almond explained that the Planning Commission is re-working the
zoning ordinances along with a new zoning map.
Mr. Almond stated that we can share visions of what we need for the future.
Mr. Almond thanked everyone who took the time to participate in the survey.
Mr. Almond called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Roark explained that ten percent is an average number you will get back on these
types of surveys, and then stated that we received a little less than ten percent.
Mr. Roark explained that he had found it very interesting how participants used the dollar
in the “spend the dollar section” of the survey.
Mr. Roark also stated that there were a high percentage of citizens that were interested in
land preservation; but in the previous section when asked about implementing the tools
that would help you to preserve land, sixty percent did not want to implement those tools
for not wanting to spend money on them.
Mr. Overstreet stated that it seemed to him that the same percentage of citizens that
wanted to maintain the rural character of the county also thought that the development of
subdivisions is where it should be.
Mr. Roark stated that there was also a lot of conflicting data given.
Mr. Roark stated that he also found it interesting, and of concern the aging population of
the county. He continued that on the population pyramid there is a lot of age 50 plus and
there is a tremendous out-flight of younger people.
Mr. Roark next called for questions of the Board.
Mr. Tanner asked that in the section on income was it household or just the participant’s
income. Mr. Roark explained that question was asking for the participant’s income. Mr.
Roark also found that 39 percent of the 98 participants had an income that was more than
$50,000.