607
of Route 656 (existing end state maintenance) and
continuing to the east for a distance of .23 mile to
a dead end.
Hollybrook Drive - Beginning at a point on Route 1090, .47 mile east
of Route 656 and running to the north for a distance
of .17 mile to a dead end.
Total Length - .40 mile
Right-of-Way - 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That this Board guarantees a minimum
unrestricted 50-foot right of way with additional widths as may be
necessary for cuts, fills and drainage together with easements on
adjacent properties.
Recorded in Plat Book 8, Pages 70, 71, & 72 on July 20, 1990.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;, Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette noted that Mr. Emmanuel had not arrived and called for
Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile mentioned that he had been doing some checking into sludge
being spread at the landfill. He stated that this could be profitable
to the County and asked that Mrs. Ferguson contact the Health
Department and request they attend the June meeting to discuss this
with the Board.
Mr. Carwile next asked the Board if they were prepared to discuss the
issue of public participation in Board meetings. Mr. Carwile stated
that he felt this was an important issue and would like to hear the
other supervisors views.
Mr. Paulette stated that he was not opposed to public participation but
felt the slot should be at the end of the meeting in order that
business could be conducted in a timely manner. Mr. Paulette stated
that he had noticed that some counties allowed a certain number of
people, some a certain amount of time per person. Mr. Paulette
continued by saying he felt one thing that we didn’t want to get into
was discussing personnel. Mr. Paulette felt that anything of that
nature should be directed to the County Administrator.
Mr. Carwile stated that he agreed with some of the points that Mr.
Paulette had made. He only felt that the public should have the right
to appear before the Board without having to be on the agenda. He
continued by saying the Board could set guidelines which would control
the meeting.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had no problem with citizen participation
in meetings, but felt the present system worked fine and gave anyone
that opportunity. Mr. Torrence continued by stating that he had no
problem with public participation but felt definite guidelines should
be established.