254
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
5.
6.
Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $940.26
to the Jail budget for a check that was lost in the mail.
Community Park: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $9,775.50 to
the Community Park budget to pay expenses for October 2005. This money will
be reimbursed to the County by a grant.
Library: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $2,755.65 to the
Library budget for funds received for stamps, office supplies, book replacement
fees, donations and book sales.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3
aye votes — 2 absent).
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 8 — 17A)
8.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
United Way: Kim Payne, Lynchburg City Manager, has provided information
about benefits that Appomattox County Citizens receive through the United Way.
He has been trying to get us to participate in the United Way Campaign for
several years.
Appomattox County Public Schools: Enclosed for your information is the
Monthly Financial Report for the month of October 2005 for the schools.
Trend Alert: Dr. Krug sent an e-mail to the County Administrator which she felt
you might be interested in reading.
Holiday Lake 4-H Educational Center: Informational bulletin from the 4-H
Center to keep you updated on what they are doing.
Certification Program for Master Deputy Commissioner: Mr. Mays has
submitted Sandra McCormick and Sara Henderson to the Compensation Board
for completion of the Master Deputy Commissioner Program.
The 17" Annual Virginia Water and Wastewater Rate Report for 2005:
Draper Arden Associates has provided you with the annual water report for your
review.
Appomattox County Parks, Recreation and Tourism Report: October
2005 report from Anne Dixon, Director of Parks, Recreation and Tourism.
Mr. Carter commented on the Report from the Director of Parks, Recreation and
Tourism. He felt that the things she is involved in are very good for promoting tourism
in the County.