Appomattox River District. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint
Mr. Torrence to represent the Board on the Job Placement
Advisory Council. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay
registration fee and travel expenses for Mrs. Beasley to
attend the Local Government Officials’ Conference in
Charlottesville August 16 and 17, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
The Board directed Mr. Rice by consensus to contact Delegate
Abbitt to arrange a meeting of the Boards of Supervisors from
Appomattox, Nelson, and Buckingham Counties to discuss mutual
interest concerning a regional landfill.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to appoint Mrs. Beckie Nix of the
Chamber of Commerce and Mrs. Ann Lawson from the Recreation
Department to represent Appomattox County on ae Regional
Committee formed to recommend a_ site for the proposed James
River State Park. The motion was seconded by Mr. Torrence.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board next considered what accountability will be
required by non-profit and volunteer organizations before
County tax money is released to their care. A lengthy
discussion followed. It was resolved by consensus that Mr.
Jamerson would consult with Mr. Berk Drinkard and report Mr.
Drinkard’s recommendations at the next Board Meeting.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer
the recently received Fire Fund money to the Volunteer Fire
Departments. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board discussed and resolved by consensus to discontinue
funding the cellular telephone used by the Extension Service
and directed Mr. Rice to so inform Mrs. McClenny.
The Board considered the request of Mrs. Cindy Ranson to
waive the Amusement Fee to allow ae bingo game at the Spout
Spring Ruritan Club to benefit the Railroad Festival. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion to waive the fee seconded by Mr.
Torrence. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson reported on the status of the repair to the
weather vane on top of Courthouse. The interior cone was
constructed of heavy galvanized steel then covered with
copper. The cone had deteriorated. To construct the new
interior cone will cost about $700.00. The crane rental to
permit taking down and putting up the weather vane in
015