373
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, she was thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger next called Mr. Steve Lambson to appear before the Board.
Mr. Lambson came forward and explained his reason for requesting to meet with the
Board with concerns he had with soccer program needs. Mr. Lambson then presented
handouts to each of the Board members.
Mr. Lambson presented his list of needs for the soccer program which included fields,
equipment, and training for coaches.
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Lambson if he was familiar with the area to the right of the
present playing field at the Town Ballpark, and if he would be willing to take a look at
this area to see if fields could be placed in this area for soccer.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would contact Margaret and Reed Shields to see
if the County could use the field they own adjacent to the ballpark property.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Lambson and called on Mr. Alan Farley and Mr.
Wayne Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Farley began by giving the Board an update on the re-enactment budget and progress.
Mr. Farley next presented the Board with a Certificate of Appreciation for the part they
played to make the re-enactment possible.
Mr. Wayne Phelps next told the Board that the present statue in the Courthouse Square
was in need of repair. He continued that he would like to investigate what it would cost
to replace the present statue and put the existing statue in the Library.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that Mr. Phelps could
proceed with getting prices for his proposal and bring these figures back to the Board for
final review.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Farley and Mr. Phelps.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Board would meet with the School Board on March 2,
1997 at 7:00 P.M. and he stated the Board had agreed to review the I.D.A.
recommendations at that time and be prepared to make a decision.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Emanuel Tire for extended hours of operation
for the next two weeks.