455
PSA. This is a decision that would have to be made and then a public hearing would have
to be advertised for thirty days. Mr. Overstreet stated that the code also provides that if
there is a huge outcry on this matter the Board could have this placed on a referendum.
Chairman Conrad stated that at this time we are just looking to put information out to
educate citizens on what a PSA consist of.
Mr. Tanner stated that putting this information in the paper would be good education and
help with some of the fears out in the public regarding this matter and the public would
appreciate the Board sharing what the code states about this matter.
Marvin Hamlett stated that he would be glad to sit down with someone and do a question
and answer article for the Times Virginian.
Mr. Carter made a motion to have Marvin Hamlett prepare a question and answer article
with Johnnie Roark and publish in the Times Virginian. Mr. Moore seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for further discussion, hearing none, he called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item# 4- Harris Teeter Distribution Center
and explained that at the last meeting it was mentioned that Harris Teeter has located a
distribution center in King George and staff was questioned if they were aware of this
business looking to locate this center. Chairman Conrad stated that a report had been
provided regarding this matter.
Chairman Conrad next called for comments.
Mr. Craft stated that he had a lot of comments that he felt needed to be said and then read
the following prepared statement.
“EDA Director
This has been discussed for a number of months. I thought it was the feeling of the
majority of the Board that we put this off until we worked on the new budget. But some
things have been said that I can no longer ignore. I have received some information to
hire this person and to set up this budget to run this office, it would take approximately
$200,000.00. I was told that it would not cost that much. Here is some of the
information that I have received in reference to this.
Some of the other county’s budget for EDA: Charlotte was the lowest at $23,000.00, but
the County Administrator does it for them. The highest was Campbell County at more
than $458,000.00, two of the counties we discussed as comparison are Amherst at
$99,000.00, Page County at $474,730.00, Prince Edward came in at $176,398.00.
We were provided information on several counties in our size range that had received
extra jobs by having an EDA Director. It was requested that we get this information from
Prince Edward. I made the statement that we would not be comparable because of the
two colleges in the area. I was told that this was like comparing apples to oranges as