283
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Mays if he had received proposals from anyone
else. Mr. Mays indicated that he had not.
Mr. Mays is going to request additional proposals and report back to
the Board.
Mr. Mays next presented the Board with information requested concerning
personal property tax on D.A.V.’s and P.O.W.’s. Mr. Mays indicated
that by exempting these groups from personal property tax on one (1)
vehicle would mean a revenue decrease of approximately $2,500.00. Mr).
Mays also indicated that with the tax relief for the elderly the Boar
had set a ceiling of $200.00 and they may want to consider similar
action in this instance.
oO—Mr. Mays next requested permission for two (2) of his office personne
to attend a workshop held by Bright and Associates in Tennessee. Mr.
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve two (2) peopl
from the Commissioner of Revenue’s office attend a computer workshop
Tennessee at a cost of $400.00 per person, plus meals, lodging and
mileage. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, abstained; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Eo
=
Mr. Mays requested approval for convention expenses for the
Commissioner of Revenue’s Convention. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve expenses for Mr. Mays to attend the
Commissioner of Revenue’s convention. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Mays if the rate to assess homes and land was the
same. Mr. Mays indicated that it was. Mr. Carwile continued by
stating that he was aware that past Boards had put into effect
reassessing property every six (6) years. Mr. Carwile stated that he
understands that the, "Board of Supervisors may provide by resolution
for annual or every two (2) years reassessment and for equalization bi
the Commissioner of Revenue if he or she agrees. The Board of
Supervisors also may appoint a real estate appraiser if certified as a
professional assessor by the Department of Taxation. This appraiser
may serve in lieu of the Board of Assessors if appraisers make this
assessment then the assessment is just transfered to the Commissioner
of the Revenue. The person conducting the reassessment is authorized
to sign the land books attesting to the value of the property in lieu
of preparing a reassessment book". Mr. Carwile stated that this is in
the Code Book. Mr. Carwile continued by stating that he felt that this
method would be a simplier way of handling the reassessment and less
cost to the tax payers.
we
Mr. Mays answered by explaining that this method would actually cost
the tax payers more because if you went from six (6) year reassessment!
to every two (2) years you would be spending the $100,000.00 dollars
for reassessment every two (2) years.
Mr. Carwile stated that he understood this but you have a 15 to 20
percent increase with assessment.