417
Dr. Thomas made a request for a supplemental appropriation. He
explained that no local funds were going to be included in this
supplemental appropriation request.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a
supplemental appropriation of $151,616.00 for the School Board. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Being nothing further for Dr. Thomas, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused
Dr. Thomas and recognized Mr. Earl Dickerson, Hurt and Proffitt, Inc.
and Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator.
Mr. Dickerson presented a new proposal for $31,140.50 from Counts and
Dobyns, for erosion and sediment control on area "G". Mr. Dickerson
explained that the original figure had been $46,600.00. Mr. Dickerson
continued by stating that landfill personnel would have to seed this
area.
After discussion, Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to
accept Counts and Dobyns proposal for erosion and sediment control in
the amount of $31,140.50, bringing Counts and Dobyns total for capping
and erosion and sediment control to $130,340.50. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Peterson presented a site plan for the Oakville transfer site.
After explanation and discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by
Ms. Beasley to accept the site plan for the Oakville transfer site.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Discussion followed concerning plans for the transfer site at Vera.
Mr. Torrence will check with fire departments on removing old Vera
School. Mr. Peterson will continue with plans on this site.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to enter into
executive session to discuss a legal matter at 9:30 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Ms. Beasley, seconded by Mr. Moore, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:45 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and