671
16. E-911: Schedule for the E911 project. This should provide information as to
the status of the project.
17. VDOT Six Year Plan: After discussions with VDOT Ms. Ferguson has
determined that it will not be necessary to have a workshop on the Six-Year
Plan. The funding is minimal and, therefore, we cannot add any additional
projects. A Public Hearing has been scheduled for December 20, 2004.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Craft stated he had received many comments regarding the open house on the
Courthouse. He also complimented Ms. Ferguson and her staff on a job well done. He
has also received some comments on what will be done with the “ugly old building” in
front of the Courthouse. It should be repaired or torn down.
In regards to the old courthouse building, Ms. Ferguson stated there were certain steps
that had to be taken care of before the Judge would release the County from the court
order. These do not require a lot, but they will require closing off the door ways. The
other part is the exposed wood on the eaves of the building. This will require some
scaffolding. She will be working with the Building Inspector on what is mandatory. The
buildings are so close together and there has to be a certain fire rating on the old
building to meet the statewide building code. She has spoken with several contractors
for estimates to make the back side of the old building more attractive. Not too many
have been interested in talking to her about this job and those who have discussed it
are only interested in a cost plus job. She will be working with the County Attorney as
to what is the best way to proceed. She is sure everyone knows something needs to be
done and you will be hearing from her shortly regarding this matter.
Mr. Moore stated the roof definitely needs to be repaired. He received some estimates
some time ago. Ms. Ferguson stated this would have to be put out on bids. Mr. Moore
will work with Ms. Ferguson on getting the necessary work done on the old courthouse
building.
Mr. Carter reminded everyone of the next meeting:
Regular Meeting
November 15, 2004
Town Office
6:30 P.M.
At 8:10 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
KOauad &., Cok?
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman