| 626
members could make the best decision for the people of the County. Mr.
Carwile said that after his review of information provided, he felt
that the regional jail was not the way for Appomattox County to go.
Mr. Carwile continued that he feels the regional jail is a gamble.
Mr. Carwile stated he had been told the land the present jail was
constructed on had been donated to the County by Mrs. Hunter and asked
Mrs. Ferguson to research this to see if his information was factual.
Mr. Carwile questioned what would happen if someone were arrested on a
Town warrant.
Mr. Paulette arrived.
Mr. Lawson answered that there were not many Town warrants written, but
if one was written, the prisoners would be held in the County Jail.
Mr. Lawson felt the Town of Appomattox should be included in the
Agreement with the regional jail.
Discussion followed, pointing out that there were numerous towns in
Campbell County that would fall in this same category.
Mrs. Ferguson was asked to check with Bill Hefty, Attorney for the
regional jail, to see if Towns were included in this agreement.
Mr. Carwile surfaced several other items of concern that he had with
the service agreement between the Regional Jail Authority and the
localities.
Mr. Carwile then passed a document around to the other Board members
that Sheriff Richardson has provided showing the cost to the County of
housing inmates in the local jail.
Mr. Carwile stated that Sheriff Richardson will hold 24 inmates in the
present facility and that last year the average inmate population was
21.4 for 1994.
Mr. Moore read portions of a letter from Sheriff Richardson to Board
members, "as you know our jail was built in 1981 to house a capacity o
thirteen (13) inmates. At present we are housing twenty-five (25) to
twenty-seven (27) inmates. This is entirely too many for this size
jail. It is my obligation to advise you that we are in need of another
twenty (20) beds cell block". Mr. Moore continued by saying this
letter was written in 1993 saying there was a need for twenty (20) mor
beds and he couldn’t understand how they were not needed now.
Hy¥Oo
Mrs. Beasley stated that she felt as Mr. Moore did and cannot
understand what has changed in this time frame that eliminates the need
for more beds.
Mr. Carwile stated that he understands from Sheriff Richardson that
inmate population is down.
Mrs. Beasley and Mr. Moore asked if this could be expected to stay down.