081
Mr. Carter asked why the need for two (2) contracts? Answer: legal issues.
Mayor Spiggle stated he thought one contract would be better and would show cooperation at thetime of grant application.
Mr. Carter questioned if the $50,000 from the County was in conjunction with the $13,000 theCounty already provides the Chamber? Answer: $50,000 is the total amount.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding tourist dollars of surrounding counties. Appomattox is far
below the next lowest in area. Tourists come here, visit the National Historic Park, then go to
Lynchburg or Petersburg. We need a destination, not just a stop on the way elsewhere. Mr. Guild
says we already have the attractions for package deals. (Weekend stays.)
Mr. Carwile asked for details regarding the duties of the Director of Tourism.
Mr. Brett Thompson said that part of the job would be bringing investors to the town for more
attractions.
Mr. Guild stated that turning Triangle Plaza into an outlet mall would increase town revenue by 10 -
15%.
Mr. Moore asked the benefit to the County since the town has a meals/lodging tax and therefore
receives a greater profit from tourists.
Mr. Guild’s reply was that an increase in gross sales would mean that the County’s 1% share would
continue to grow. Also new buildings by investors would raise real estate revenue, increase jobs,
etc.
Mr. Carwile questioned the justification of the County paying more but having less payback.
Mr. Guild stated the County would get their money back. What he had done here was he asked for
what he thought he could get.
Mr. Thompson stated that hopefully revenue would increase by providing more jobs, unlike the
Industrial Park which could take three years or more to generate any revenue.
There was great discussion regarding the need of initiatives to get volunteers together, coordinating
marketing, setting up shop, store and restaurant hours, and generally bringing everything together.
There is also the need to educate everyone on the fact that tourism is a form of economic
development.
Mr. Carson questioned the make up of the advisory committee and who would do the appointing ofit’s members. The suggestion was that the joint committee would serve in this capacity for a while.
Mr. Kendrick ask when the County had to make a decision on the proposed tourism package. He also