113
Budget review continued.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to reinstate $104,812.00
to the School Budget.
Mr. Paulette called for a second.
Hearing no second, Mr. Paulette declared the motion "died for lack of a
second".
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reinstate
$19,018.00 to the School Board’s FY97 budget. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette called for executive session to discuss a legal and
personnel matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session at 11:16 p.m. to discuss a legal and personnel
matter: Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 12:08 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until 5:00 p.m. on i,22, 1996 in the Courthouse.
pity ¢