69/
making a good-faith effort to develop E-911 wireline emergency telephone services and have
demonstrated financial need for state assistance;
AND WHEREAS, the grant program is not a general fund budget request, but is instead
supported by special funds already designated for this purpose and held in reserve by the
Wireless E-911 Board.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors supports
retaining the full funding in the final Virginia biennium budget for the E-911 grant program
established in item 469 of the Governor’s Budget, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors urges the
Appomattox County legislative delegation to vote in support of retaining the full funding for the E-
911 grant program as part of the final biennium budget.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
aye.
6. BOARD APPOINTMENTS:
a. Elementary School Committee: Need appointments for each district to serve on
this committee. Also need a Board member to serve.
Mr. Kendrick would like to know how often they would need to meet and who would be the
chair person.
Mr. Carter answered that after the committee was appointed, they would elect a chair person and
decide upon a date and time to meet.
The following were nominated: Mrs. Shirley Eye - Appomattox River District; Mr. Russell
Miller, Piney Mountain District; Mr. Curtis Wooten, Wreck Island District; Ms. Darlene Reed,
Falling River District; and Mr. John Wilson, Courthouse District.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appointment Mrs. Shirley Eye, Mr.
Russell Miller, Mr. Curtis Wooten, Ms. Darlene Reed, and Mr. John Wilson to serve on the
Appomattox Elementary School Committee. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Jesse Hancock volunteered to serve as the Board Member for the Appomattox Elementary
School Committee, depending upon times of meetings.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Jesse Hancock to the
Appomattox Elementary School Committee as the Board of Supervisors representative. VOTE:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
b. Board of Zoning Appeals: If the Board approves the proposed ordinance revision
on Chapter 170, Section 97.1 - Joint Board of Zoning Appeals (item 1b -of this
agenda) these appoints need to be made also.