322
The regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors was held in the Board’s meeting room, Courthouse Square
Appomattox, Virginia on Monday, December 13, 1993.
Present:
William E. Jamerson - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Philip E. Paulette - Supervisor Elect, Courthouse District
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and
asked Mr. Carwile to give the invocation.
Mr. Jamerson then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay introduced Mr. W. T. Ramey, Virginia Department of
Transportation, District Administrator. Mr. Ramey explained that h
had asked to appear before the Board to discuss the proposed project
the intersection of 26/611. Mr. Ramey went over the different optiol
that the Department of Transportation had presented to Mt. Airy Bapti
Church and to the property owners that would be affected by
improvements. After a lengthy explanation of the various options
Ramey told the Board that none of the options were agreeable with
parties involved.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt that one of these options could be worké
out with the Church and he was willing to take the profile and try t
talk with the Church concerning this option.
Mr. Jamerson expressed the Board’s appreciation for the extensiy
efforts made by the Department of Transportation in trying to resol
this matter and asked Mr. Moore to try to work with Virginia Departmer
of Transportation and the Church to see if the problem could
resolved.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay and Mr. Ramey and calle
Monte Mays, Commissioner of Revenue to appear before the Board.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Mays if he would first open the bids for tt
General Reassessment since several of the parties involved wer
present. Mr. Jamerson explained that the County had received three (3
bids and that he would like Mr. Mays to review these prior to tt
Board’s meeting on December 16, 1993 and come back to the Board with
recommendation. Mr. Mays read the three (3) bids as follows:
Old Dominion Appraisal Company - $8.00 per parcel - $71,000.00
Pearson’s Appraisal Service, Inc. - $8.40 per parcel - $74,197.00