216
Ms. Ferguson next presented the Building and Housing budget and explained that money
is in the part-time salaries due to having someone cover the County for inspections while
the Building Official is in either training or on vacation. Ms. Ferguson stated that she did
not like having the County left with no coverage when the Building Official is out.
In the Animal Control budget it was explained that the part-time salary is for the person
that comes in and cleans the pound seven days a week.
Mr. Conrad questioned Ms. Ferguson on why the County bought a big vehicle to haul
animals. Ms. Ferguson stated that the vehicle is not just for animal control. It also has a
blade for pushing snow around the complex and also at the pound.
Ms. Ferguson also explained that you have to separate every animal that you are hauling,
so if you are driving a smaller truck and can only carry one or two cages and are across
the County and need to pick up an animal you may have to go to the pound before
picking up another animal.
Mr. Carter questioned why we have to pay for livestock kills. Ms. Ferguson stated that it
is mandated by code for the County to pay for stray dog livestock kill.
Ms. Ferguson explained that there is an increase in the expenditures for emergency
services. Ms. Ferguson explained that it was in the plan to have Mr. Freddie Godsey
working part-time. Mr. Godsey will be bringing the ordinances up to date, organizing
table top exercises that are necessary and also to help Bobby to get the road signs back
up. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has budgeted $10 per hour for this purpose.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in the E911 budget the biggest increase is in the wireless grant
money which we get in revenue also. Ms. Ferguson stated that she had also figured the
salaries at a two percent increase instead of the four percent.
Ms. Ferguson continued with the Refuse Collection budget and stated that she had made
changes to the salaries and benefits to reflect a two percent increase instead of the four
percent.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the $42,000 in equipment is due to a new truck and replacement
container.
Chairman Craft questioned if this budget reflects the cost of the new manned sites. Ms.
Ferguson stated that the money for the manned sites will be coming from the Bond.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the manned sites should be in place by June of 2009.
Mr. Conrad questioned how the sites were going to be manned. Ms. Ferguson stated that
employees from the landfill would be filling those positions and the County may need to
hire a few new employees.