S12
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Absent:
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Torrence opened the meeting at 7:30 P.M. and gave a brief history
of the middle school issue, and explained the purpose of the meeting
was to offer an explanation of the ALERT mailed to registered voters.
Mr. Torrence then asked Mrs. Ferguson to introduce the consultants.
Mrs. Ferguson introduced Mr. Robert Huff and Mr. Steve Jacobs with
Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates and explained that these were the
consultants that reviewed the County’s finances and developed a Five
Year Capitol Improvements Program for the County. Mrs. Ferguson
continued by explaining that the examples used in the ALERT were taken)
from the plan prepared by Messers. Huff and Jacobs.
Mr. Huff began by briefly explaining the Code of Virginia Section
15.1-464 required Counties to have a Capitol Improvements Program. Mr.
Huff continued by saying that this is a prospective document going
forward into the future.
Mr. Huff stated that there were a few things he would like to explain
concerning the capitol improvements document. First, fiscal policies
were considered. Fiscal policies include things such as fund balances,
expenditures, etc. Second, a list of projected capitol projects were
developed for the next five (5) years; and third, factors influencing
finances, such as, revenues and expenditures, were considered.
Considering all these factors a financial forecast was developed.
At this point Mr. Huff gave an explanation of the examples incorporated
in the ALERT. Mr. Huff noted that these examples were figured using
real estate taxes only and assuming that we would continue to maintain
basically the same level of services that we now provide.
Mr. Huff next stated that if anyone had questions he and Mr. Jacobs
would attempt to answer them at this time.
Mr. Torrence stated that the referendum, as stated on the ballot, was|a
binding referendum, and therefore, it was up to the voters what the
County would be doing with the middle school.
Questions and answers followed.
Being no further questions at 8:15 P.M., Mr. Torrence recessed the
meeting to give citizens an opportunity to talk with Board members and
consultants one-on-one.