413
Mr. Spiggle: He thinks another way to look at this is the fact that if you look at this
county, and all of you know, and he does not have to tell you, where do our young
people go? How many of our young people stay in this county? What is there for them
to do, if they do not stay in a family run business? We lose them to a research triangle
park in Northern Virginia, we lose them everywhere else and we need to keep some of
these bright minds here. The only way we will ever do this is through economic
development and the only way we will get economic development is thru infrastructure.
We have never had economic development because we did not have any infrastructure
— a water and sewerage system. Pure and simple. He agrees with Mr. Conrad we need
to look at the long term, not the short term. Most of us in this room will probably never
experience any growth development. He is looking at his grandchildren — he has a
grandson 6 years old, one 5 years old and one 3 years old. He would like for them to
stay here. It is a wonderful place to raise a family. It is a good place to live. But if we
don’t have some type of industry, something for the people to do, they are going
somewhere else and we will lose them. As Mr. Spencer said, we are not competing with
Lynchburg any longer, we don’t compete with the State anymore. We compete today
with the world. If we do not have the things in place, all your ducks in a row, all your
I’s dotted and T’s crossed, they are not going to waste their time. If we don’t have
something here for them, and it concerns him a great deal of the industry that we have
here, if we were to lose one of these major industries, we would suffer a great deal.
Those same people that are fussing right now and haven't considered the re-
compressions, are going to be the same people that will be on his case, the Board’s
case, and everyone else’s case because we didn’t do something. The same thing goes
with the water, people fuss about the water, and the waterline,. but he can guarantee
that their well runs dry, they are going to be looking at you to do something for them.
Mr. Conner: If you look at the surrounding counties, every one of them has public
water, except Appomattox. That has got to be a real loud message.
Ms. Ferguson: That has never occurred to her and she has been in local government all
her working life and it just hit her in the last year, to look around, Buckingham, and
everybody has water except us. Why is this!!!
Mr. Slagle: He has been on this situation for 30 some years. He even goes farther back
than Mr. Spiggle and unfortunately members of the general public simply do not
understand the urgency and the necessity of this and they don’t understand because so
much of this subject has been so politicized and so confused that if they knew the facts
and understood he believes they would agree with what we are saying here today.
Around this table you will see that we are all business people, engineers, etc., and we
wouldn't be dedicating our time to this effort if we didn’t feel like Mr. Conner. We are
not doing this because of our own interest, we are doing it because we want to see this
county move ahead and to be better for our kids and we don’t want to see our people
pay more taxes. Some would lose their farms and homes because they could not afford
to pay the taxes. That is what motivates each and everyone of us.
Mr. Conner: There would be some nay-sayers out there that say, even if you get water
you don’t have sewerage. You have got to have water first. You can accommodate