627
Ms. Ferguson handed out a report from Jeff Grubbs of Hurt & Proffitt and explained
that after the last meeting, he did some further calculations and looked at a few other
scenarios based on the questions asked. This resulted in some changes in the total
costs of the original study.
After a lengthy discussion Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to have
the County Administrator notify Earl Dickerson of Hurt & Proffitt, to proceed with Part B
of the Landfill Permitting Process and to continue landfilling operations as we are
presently doing. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Landfill had an employee that has 30 years of service with
the County and she has ordered a service pin to be presented to him at the Office of the
County Administrator at 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, September 1, 2004. She asked that
the Supervisors be present for this presentation if possible.
Also, there were a few things to be discussed regarding the Courthouse:
Seeding and Shrubbery — The architect needs a date for his records. The Board set a
completion date no later than October 15, 2004.
Furnishings: The Committee chose all the furnishings, etc., but failed to consider the
appliances, such as refrigerators, microwave ovens, that would be needed for the
kitchen and each of the break areas. Ms. Cunningham has notified Ms. Ferguson that
these were not included with furnishings and that a County employee, or Maintenance
Supervisor should look into the purchasing of these items. The estimated cost for these
items is approximately $2,500. Does the Board wish to provide these appliances?
Mr. Moore stated that every office that wants a refrigerator or microwave already has
one and these can certainly be moved to the new office.
Mr. Conrad stated that these items were basically used on the employee’s own time.
They have the option of going out to lunch or if they prefer to stay in for lunch, the
taxpayers should not have to pay for appliances to take care of their lunch needs. He
feels each individual office should take care of providing these items.
It was the consensus of the Board that each individual office/department provide
appliances, i.e. microwave ovens and refrigerators as needed.
Cabinetry: The walk through has been done. The substantial completion date for
Jamerson was some time last week, August 15th or 18th. Everything is pretty much
done with a few exceptions. The gentleman doing the cabinets has had some
difficulties in getting this done but will be completed by September 15". The contract
states that if anything is not pretty much complete by the substantial completion date,
the contractor can be fined $1,000 dollars per day. If the Board does not feel this is
necessary the item can be placed on the “punch list” which gives the contractor until
September 15”, the drop-dead date, to get this completed. Does the Board wish to
penalize the contractor, or place this on the “punch list’?