181
Mr. Bosiger then called for approval of the bills for December 6, 1999.
Mr. Carter asked several questions pertaining to the bills.
Mr. Torrence then made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the bills for
December 6, 1999 as submitted. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer to appear
before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began that she had nothing new to report to the Board and asked if they had
anything for her?
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsay if VDOT were making any special preparations for
Y2K?
Ms. Lindsay explained that they had run checks on most of their systems and that
everything seemed to be in order. Ms. Lindsay continued that they would have personnel
on duty December 31, 1999 until after midnight to be sure everything was as it should be.
Mr. Torrence thanked Ms. Lindsay for the cooperation he had received during his tenure
on the Board and for the road work that had been accomplished in his district.
Mr. Bosiger also thanked Ms. Lindsay for the cooperation he had received during his
tenure on the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Moore stated that he had received complaints from citizens concerning flat tires due
to the gravel that VDOT was using to patch some areas of road in his area.
Ms. Lindsay stated that she would look into this matter.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments for Ms. Lindsay.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay and called on Dr. Betty
Siano to appear before the Board.
Dr. Siano began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to come before them and tell
them about the Martin Luther King Birthday Celebration that was being planned for
January 2000. Dr. Siano told the Board of the activities that had been planned for the
celebration and asked the Board to pass a resolution supporting this event.
Dr. Siano also requested that the Board purchase a full-page ad in the program that is
being developed for the celebration at a cost of $100.00. In closing Dr. Siano thanked
the Board for their time.