47
3. Stand Up America: The members of Evergreen Baptist Church are inviting you
to be a part of their celebration of Heritage and Patriotism on Sunday, July 22,
2007 at 3:00 p.m. The program will feature special music and there will be a
presentation by the Langley Air Force Base Honor Guard.
No action necessary on this item. Mr. Craft stated he would be attending this service.
4 Piedmont_Court Services Unit Resolution: _ The Board has received for
consideration a resolution for the County to join with other localities in the area
and have Piedmont Court Services Unit in Farmville provide pretrial services for
the Courts. Presently, VASAP out of Farmville, run by Robyn Allen, is providing
this service.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to table discussion on this matter
until the August 6, 2007 meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Permit for Musical or Entertainment Festival: The Red House Volunteer
Fire Department is requesting a permit to hold a music festival on September 29,
2007 from 12:00 noon to 1:00 a.m. This event will be held on property owned
by Tom Pierro located at the intersection of Red House Road and Wheeler Spring
Road. The fire department is requesting the bond requirement be waived.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve
the Permit for Musical or Entertainment Festival for the Red House Volunteer Fire
Department to hold a music festival on September 29, 2007 from 12:00 noon to 1:00
a.m. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Nominee for appointment to the Roanoke River Basin Committee: This
matter was held over from the previous meeting in order to allow Mr. Conrad an
opportunity to see if he could find a suitable representative to nominate for this
appointment.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to table this item until the
August 6, 2007 meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Personnel Policy Change: It has come to the attention of the County
Administrator that the rating levels that are defined in our personnel policy do
not match the rating levels that are listed on our employee evaluation forms.
Recommendation is for the Board to approve the new rating levels that are listed
on the employee evaluation form. :
Section 10.2 in the Personnel Policy “Review with Employee” performance levels
to be changed to coincide with the Employee Evaluation form.