464
Ms. Ferguson stated that she wanted to comment on Information Item #20A —Virginia
Department of Transportation.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had spoken with Mr. Austin and he had brought a lot of
important information which is basically a restructure of Virginia Department of
Transportations maintenance program. Ms. Ferguson stated that there are a lot of
proposed changes. Ms. Ferguson stated that none if this is final as of yet, however they
will be closing some of the residency offices, Appomattox office will remain open, but it
may not have the same function that it has at this time.
Ms. Ferguson stated that some other changes will be on grass mowing and snow removal.
Ms. Ferguson stated that on March 11, 2009 there will be a public hearing on the
proposed changes and she encouraged any of the Board members to attend this public
hearing and to voice their concerns after they review these proposed changes.
Chairman Conrad called for other discussion on information items.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she also wanted to discuss the joint meeting that had been
scheduled with the EDA and Planning Commission on Tuesday, March 10, 2009.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had planned on informing the Board of the joint meeting at
the March 2, 2009 meeting and when that meeting was canceled due to the snow storm,
she had not thought about this again until now. Ms. Ferguson stated that the joint
meeting had been scheduled for Tuesday, March 10, 2009. Ms. Ferguson apologized for
not getting this date to the Board sooner.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if this date does not suit the Board it can be rescheduled.
Chairman Conrad stated that no specific program has been put together for that meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Carter has previously stated that he would like to see us
work on a vision for the County.
Chairman Conrad stated that maybe the Board should look at rescheduling this meeting
until they have a specific program planned.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would like a specific time frame to work with when
rescheduling this meeting.
It was a consensus of the Board to reschedule the joint meeting of the Board of
Supervisors, Planning Commission, and EDA meeting at a later date.
Chairman Conrad called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter questioned if through stimulus would the capability of broad band be available
to every household.