596
Mr. Carwile is not in favor of taking any action tonight.
There was much discussion on this matter.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to table any action on this Ordinance until the
October 15" meeting. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 6:55 p.m. Mr. Kendrick called for a recess until after the Public Hearings.
At 7:15 P.m. Mr. Kendrick called the Board of Supervisors meeting back to order and called for the
next item under ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
4. Road Naming Committee: At its last meeting the Board tabled a request to recognize the
efforts of those individuals appointed to this committee by the Board. Does the Board wish
to act on this at this time?
Mr. Carwile stated he felt this was a way of thanking those who took their time and effort to
complete this task for the County. He is very supportive of this Proclamation.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to issue a proclamation to the members of the
Road Naming Committee as follows:
WHEREAS, the General Assembly has declared that all counties in the Commonwealth of Virginia
implement a Wireline Enhanced 9-1-1 System by July 1, 2003; and
WHEREAS, a crucial component of the implementation program is the official naming of all town
and county roads; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the Town Councils of Appomattox
and Pamplin appointed a Road Naming Selection Committee to research and develop names for all
public roads in the county and towns as well as private road with three (3) or more dwellings; and
WHEREAS, timely completion of this project is critical in order to successfully meet the General
Assembly’s mandated deadline of July 1, 2003; and
WHEREAS, the Road Naming Selection Committee completed all tasks according to the adopted
work plan to name roughly 375 individual roads in under six (6) months.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT PROCLAIMED this 17" Day of September 2001 that the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors extends its profound appreciation to the appointees and
subcommittee members of the Road Naming Selection Committee for their diligence, hard work,
and dedication to this project.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.