represented on the committee had each taken their turn handling the administrative
function of the committee but that the paper work was becoming complicated and
massive and that the time had come that a person needed to be hired to handle these
responsibilities. Mr. Martin informed the Board that if the paper work was not managed
properly we could be in danger of loosing our State funding for this program and the
County would have to bear the financial burden of the entire program. Mr. Martin
presented financial statistics that show that Appomattox County had managed their
program very well over the years and kept the cost extremely low.
Mr. Martin and Mrs. Jamerson answered questions concerning the CSA program.
A lengthy discussion followed on the needs of the CSA program and the best possible
way to meet these needs.
After discussion, Mr. Martin and Mrs. Jamerson were thanked and excused.
Mr. Carter called upon the members of the School Board to appear before the Board.
Mr. Lannis Selz, Mr. Bobby Mitchell, Mrs. Martha Pankey, Dr. Walter Krug, Mr. Billy
Perrow, and Mrs. Joyce Jamerson came forward.
Mr. Carter welcomed the members of the School Board and the school administrative
personnel and explained that the School Board had requested an audience with the Board
to discuss the decreases proposed in their FY2000 budget. Mr. Carter asked Mr. Selz if
he would like to begin?
Mr. Selz thanked the Board for the opportunity to speak on behalf of their proposed
budget. Mr. Selz stated that first he would like to address the issue of the Phase II
replacement of the High School roof. Mr. Selz explained that in order to have this work
completed in a timely manner a decision on a contractor must be made very soon.
Mr. Torrence asked if Blair Smith had provided the information that the Board of
Supervisors had requested?
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the information had been presented at the April 12, 1999
meeting.
Mr. Torrence explained that he still had some problems with the alternate cost on decking
replacement.
At 8:53 P.M. Mr. Moore joined the meeting.
Discussion followed.