283
one load of cardboard, broken brick, wood, etc., were $298.00. Mr.
Lamm felt this was excessive for what he had taken to the landfill.
After discussion, the Board explained they would look into this matter
and get back with Mr. Lanm about their findings.
Mr. Paulette called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that he was very much concerned with the cost
involved in leachate disposal. Mr. Carwile stated he is not satisfied
with the way the leachate pond was being handled. Mr. Carwile stated
he had something he would like to try in regards to the leachate pond,
with the Board’s permission. He explained he would take a truck down
there to show how a different kind of truck would help with some of thi
problems at the leachate pond.
Oo}
The Board members discussed the benefit of having a camcorder to use in
situations where all Board members could not be present, such as
demonstrations, etc.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile t
purchase a camcorder for County use. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ie!
Mr. Torrence asked if Mrs. Ferguson would check into personal cards for
the Board members and report the cost back to the Board at the next
meeting.
Mr. Paulette called for other concerns.
Hearing none, he directed the Board’s attention to the first item under
Administrative Items, Planning Commission Recommendations.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Planning
Conmission’s recommendations, from the July 21, 1997 public hearing,
and approve the following petitions:
97-320 of Phillip T. Coleman for a Conditional Use Permit for
propane gas storage (3-1000 gallon above ground tanks) and
refilling facility. Property is zoned A-l. Tax Map Parcel
#87-A-19 and is located on Route 679 between Route 647 and Route
648.
97-321 of Berkley D. Garrett, Jr. for a Conditional Zoning Permit
to allow mobile home on 2 acre lot with existing dwelling and is
zoned V-1. Property is Tax Map Parcel #38-A-12 and is located on
Route 660 between Route 26 and Route 661.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented several committee appointments that needed
to be made.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed the
Courthouse Committee would consist of Judge Blanton, Barbara Williams,