81
(ITEMS 1 - 4)
1. Proposed Ordinances: Previously the Board had discussed the desire to explore three
ordinances allowed by the General Assembly: Conviction fee ($5.00), Jail processing fee
($25.00), and increase in certain parking fines ($50.00). The Board will need to hold a
public hearing in regards to these ordinances and the first two must be approved prior to
July 1, 2002.
After some discussion, by consensus of the Board, a Public Hearing will be held on June 3, 2002
at 6:30 p.m. to receive comments on the above ordinances.
2: Joint Water Study:
1) Draft Joint Water Study RFP: The draft RFP for this project to be conducted jointly
with the Town of Appomattox, has been prepared. The Board will need to hold a joint
meeting with the Town Council of Appomattox to discuss the scope of work included in
the RFP and other issues related to this matter.
2) Tobacco Grant: The grant application has been submitted for funds to perform the
water study. The requested funds ($25,000) represents funds from the original grant that
is currently undesignated.
After some discussion, it was the consensus of the Board to move forward with the RFP on the
Joint Water Study. Also the Board of Supervisors will meet with the Appomattox Town Council
at 8:00 a.m. on either June 15" or 22" at Town Council Chambers.
3. Biosolids Coalition: Memo has been received from Shannon Varner, Troutman Saunders
LLP requesting the Board to consider continuing its participation in the coalition for the
coming year as the biosolids issue is studied by the Commission on the Future of
Virginia’s Environment. Is the Board interested in getting more specific information
concerning the costs and strategy of this issue.
Mr. Carwile questioned what, if any, impact this group has had to this point.
After discussion, Mr. Carroll was asked to collect more information on this and to possibly have
Mr. Varner speak to the Board after reviewing this information.
4. Elementary School Committee: Mr. Earl Pickett, Chairman of this committee has asked
for a meeting of the School Board, Board of Supervisors and this Committee to discuss
the “vision” that the respective boards have for the property. A meeting date of June an
at 7:00 p.m. as been suggested.
Mr. Hancock suggested that there be a round table discussion to find out what the School Board
wants and what the Board of Supervisors want.
Mr. Moore stated he does not want this building to be a burden to the tax payers.