672
Rustburg on Monday — Friday from 8AM- 8PM and on Saturday 8:30AM- 5PM and after hours
calls go to a third party provider. Mr. Barbour then called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter congratulated them for a job well done since the change over.
Mr. Craft asked if they are finished with Appomattox updates. Mr. Barbour stated these updated
are still in progress.
Mr. Barbour stated that they will strive to be a better representative to the County.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Barbour and Mr. Ritz for coming and updating the Board on Jet
Broadband activities.
Chairman Conrad stated that the Board would proceed with Administrative Items until all
members of the School Board were in attendance before beginning with the program on the
Public-Private Education Facilities and Infrastructure Act of 2002 (PPEA).
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Resolution endorsing the FY2010-2011
Transportation Grant and stated that this resolution will be endorsing the next transportation
enhancement grant for the Appomattox Heritage and Recreational Trail. Chairman Conrad stated
that the Board had already approved $265,000 for design and construction and will need
$500,000 for completion of the project. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
ENDORSEMENT RESOLUTION BY APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA,
FOR SUBMITTAL TO THE
VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FOR A
FY 2010-2011 TRANSPORTATION ENHANCEMENT GRANT
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes the importance of highlighting the unique cultural, historic,
and natural resources of the community to ensure the quality of life for its residences now and in the
future; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, in partnership with the Town of Appomattox , the Appomattox Court
House National Historical Park, and citizen stakeholders developed and approved The Appomattox
Heritage and Recreational Trail Plan — A Vision of Connectivity as guiding document create alternative
transportation corridors in the community; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County adopted the Appomattox Greenways Masterplan — A Vision for your
Future as a detailed plan that highlights on-road and off-road connections to key resources in the
community; and