161
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to increase the Assistant County
Administrator’s salary by $4125.00 effective January 1, 2000 and appropriate necessary
funds to the County Administrator’s budget to cover this increase and related benefits.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to give Mrs. Ferguson permission to
hire David Spence for the vacant position at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, at 10:20 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carter to adjourn until the joint dinner meeting with the I.D.A. on December 9, 1999 at
6:00 P.M. at the Moose Lodge. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
[owt Borgo —
GARET K. BOSIGER, C RMAN
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on December 20,
1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger - Chairman - Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Absent:
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Jesse Hancock - Supervisor Elect
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M. and gave the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Dr. Staadt, President Central Virginia Community College to appear
before the Board.
Dr. Staadt began that his purpose for meeting with the Board was to give them some background
on the proposed project at CVCC. Dr. Staadt provided information on the school in general and
then presented information concerning the technical programs. Dr. Staadt explained that in order