445
Mr. Armbrust addressed Ms. Krantz’ questions. If the PSA goes out and borrows the
money to do the public water and if they cannot fund the project, it does not drop back
on the county.
Charlotte Munsick, Piney Ridge Road, Appomattox, VA. She has some concerns
about the businesses that cannot be identified. If we should be able to supply them
with the required water supply, do you have any feeling that they actually move their
business here. It seems to her that the major concern or complaint is about a waterline
bring the water from someplace else, as to whether or not we would trust someone
else's water, as we have good water here. There has been talk in the past about a
reservoir, why not float bonds to create a reservoir which would perhaps supply our
water needs, keep our water here, but supply enough water for the businesses that you
would like to see here in town. This would also provide water for tourism, which she
thinks our town is really made for. This way, anyone who wanted to help with the
progress of our community, could buy bonds and be a good investment as well. You
would get your water, we would have our water and maybe that would help settle this
problem. A reservoir in the eastern part of the county might be the answer. This is
something to think about.
Mr. Slagle wished to clarify the belief that we were disqualified from the prospects lists
mainly because of the water situation. We may not have qualified, even if we did have
adequate water. The high cost of a reservoir, operating a filtering system, the need for
highly qualified employees, made it unattractive.
Mr. Hancock stated that we had only one place to put a reservoir was on the
Appomattox River. The cost of putting in the reservoir, putting in the filtration system,
and laying the lines from the river to the town, the numbers was around 14-15 million
dollars. We are not talking about getting water at a cost of 4.2 million dollars. Would
you rather spend 4.2 million dollars for water or 14-16 million dollars.
Ms. Harris stated that one of the things with the regional line is.the available of grants
is based on the cooperation of other entities, so if you have a grant application with a
cooperative effort between the town and the county, you are much more likely to get
the grant. If you are going out on you own, your chances of getting the grant money
goes down. The PSA could borrow the money and not involve tax dollars at all. There
is no one group of people who would like to have the industrial park full of businesses,
than this group of people sitting right here.
Mr. Conner made some comments on his experience at BWXT. When they started
having trouble with their wells, and they were pretty deep, it became clear to him as the
general manager that they were going to put a lot of people out of work if they did not
do something about their water supply. Some would say that you were right on the
James River and could get water from there. No you could not, you have to have a
better system than that. They came to the conclusion of what they were going to do to
protect their interests. In his case, it was to protect everyone on the job. The only
solution he could come to was that he needed city water. They did, in fact, get city
water. He can speak from experience, because he did go to the State of Virginia and