168
operation of a ready mix concrete plant on Route 1029 between Route 26 and
Route 460 in the Appomattox Center for Business and Commerce. The subject
property, identified as Lot 7 (12.7 acres) in the ACBC Master Plan, is a portion of
Tax Map #63(A)80 totaling 568.0 acres in size. The property is zoned Planned
Industrial Park District (M-IP).
Mr. Conrad stated that it was his understanding that after the installation of the cement
facility at the Industrial Park, the structures located on 460 West would be removed.
Several other Board members expressed their approval of this petition.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve Petition #05-555 —
Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County, for a Conditional Use
Permit to allow the operation of a ready mix concrete plant on Route 1029 between
Route 26 and Route 460 in the Appomattox Center for Business and Commerce. The
subject property, identified as Lot 7 (12.7 acres) in the ACBC Master Plan, is a portion of
Tax Map #63(A)80 totaling 568.0 acres in size. The property is zoned Planned
Industrial Park District (M-IP). This approval to include the following proffered conditions
by the applicant: “7he IDA will work with L ynchburg Ready Mix to insure that said
company will install and maintain vegetative screening to the greatest degree possible to
screen their buildings, trucks and other property and activities from the view of
neighboring parcels and the internal street system of the Appomattox Center for
Business and Commerce.”
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Central Virginia Community Services Board: Central Virginia Community
Services has submitted its FY2006 Performance Contract with the Department of
Mental Health, Mental Retardation and Substance Abuse Services for approval.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
approve the Central Virginia Community Services FY2006 Performance Contract with the
Department of Mental Health, Mental Retardation and Substance Abuse Services. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
3. Region 2000 Regional Commission Summer Dinner Meeting: The Region
2000 Regional Commission’s Summer Dinner Meeting is scheduled for July 21,
2005 at 5:00 p.m. at the Lynchburg Ramada Inn on Odd Fellows Road. A copy
of the menu has also been received. Please notify the County Administrator if
you wish to attend.
Mr. Conrad, Mr. Craft, Mr. Moore, Mr. Carter, Mr. Overstreet and Ms. Ferguson will be
attending the Region 2000 Regional Commission Summer Dinner Meeting on July 21,
2005 at 5:00 p.m. at the Lynchburg Ramada Inn on Odd Fellows Road.
4. Light for Storage Trailer at the Ballpark: A request was received to allow
the Youth Sports to run a line and install a light in the storage trailer at the Town
Ballpark.