578
Mr. Torrence asked the Board to consider adopting a resolution, that he
had drafted opposing the prison, at the meeting on March 7, 1995.
Mr. Torrence, also, asked that the Board have Mrs. Ferguson draft a
letter for Board signatures, to Richard Phelps thanking him for his
years of dedicated service to the Sheriff’s department, and the County.
The Board, by consensus, instructed Mrs. Ferguson to draft such a
letter.
Mrs. Beasley asked the Board to seriously consider the Salvation Army
Thrift Store’s request for relief from their landfill user fees. Mrs.
Beasley explained that due to her position on the Social Services Board
she can confirm that they provide a valuable service to the community.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to eliminate the
landfill user fees for the Salvation Army Thrift Store, due to their
non-profit status. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to forgive the
existing landfill user fee for the Salvation Army Thrift Store. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Stonewall Antique Power
Association for a permit for a Musical or Entertainment Permit.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve a permit
from Stonewall Antique Power Association to hold a Entertainment
Festival on May 20-21, 1995 and waive the bond requirement. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented the SARA Title III-Emergency Response Plan
for approval.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence tq
accept the SARA Title III-Emergency Response Plan as presented. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented requests for appropriations to the Electoral
Board budget; the Rescue Squad budget; the Board of Supervisors budget
the Jail budget; the School Board; the Asset/Forfeiture Account and the
Library Fund.
0-
After discussing each request the following actions were taken:
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$800.00 to the Electoral Board budget for service on the voting
machines. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ts