395
Mr. Hamlett feels this change would more accurately describe his department and there
is some confusion with the Housing Assistance Office which is also located within our
offices.
Mr. Roark then asked Ms. Rockefellow to review the changes to the Solid Waste Code.
SOLID WASTE CODE:
e Amends Chapter 139 - Solid Waste, Appomattox County Code to update
language in the following sections:
o Section 139-3 (A)_add the words bags of
o Section 139-4 (B)_change twice to once
o Section 139-4 (C) (2) change one hundred dollars ($100.00) to two
hundred fifty dollars ($250.00)
o Section 139-7 (A) (1) (b) amend to read: Passenger, truck tires, farm
tractor tires, and heavy equipment tires will be billed by the ton
according to current Emanuel Tire charges
o Section 139-7 (F) change two (2) tons per month to six (6) ton per year
Ms. Rockefellow stated there are several reasons for the change to bags of household
trash being left at the site, one of which is they have a constant battle with trying to
stop losing trash out of the containers as they are being transported back to the landfill.
About 50% of what is lost off the trucks is loose trash. She hopes this change will
encourage citizens to put their trash in bags. She is also hoping this will eliminate the
placing of large items such as appliances, mattresses, other objects of furniture into the
trash container.
She also explained the other changes in the Code to reflect the charges that other
surrounding counties are currently using. Hopefully, this will also encourage citizens to
bring their bulk trash to the landfill instead of dumping it on the ground at the sites.
Mr. Conrad stated he feels that we need to advertise that if you have items too large for
the containers, they can be brought to the landfill without any charges. He feels that if
the citizens are aware that they will not be charged for these items, they would be more
inclined to take these to the landfill and not the dumpster sites.
Mr. Roark then described what changes are proposed for the Animal Control Ordinance
to bring it more in line with the State Code.
ANIMAL ORDINANCE:
e Amends Chapter 44 — Animals, Appomattox County Code to update license tax
amounts and adds language concerning the adoption of dogs from the animal
shelter.
o Section 44-2(A) adds separate tax for spayed and neutered dogs
($4.00) and increases the tax for all other dogs from $4.00 to $6.00.
Section 44-2 (C) adds tax for kennels of thirty (30) dogs ($35.00)
Section 44-2 (D) adds tax for kennels of forty (40) dogs ($45.00)
Section 44-2 (E) amends the tax for kennels of fifty (50) dogs ($50.00)
Section 44-2 (G) adds requirements for the adoption of dogs
oo00