38
At 8:00 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting
When the Board existed the Closed session at 7:01 p.m. in conveyance to the Certifying motion
that only those matter pertaining to Code section for discussion of a legal matter and courthouse
litigation, Mr. Carter answered nay to the roll call vote but wishes to change his vote to aye at
this time.
Mr. Carter next called for the next item on the Agenda, ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items
1-5)
1; Action from the Closed Session: There was no action to be discussed from the closed
session.
2. Biosolids:
(a) Ordinance: Having received comments from the public hearing does the Board
wish to take any action at this time.
Mr. Kendrick still has a concern with the way the ordinance is written. He would like to see the
distance from streams extended to 400 ft. The ordinance also does not address penalties or the
application of biosolids during times of drought. Can these be amended at a different time?
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Biosolids Ordinance as
written providing changes can be made at a later time. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
(b) — Monitoring/Testing Fee Resolution: The County’s current ordinances do not
provide for a local monitoring program but this will be added at a later date. Does
the Board wish to adopt the resolution for fees collection of $4 per dry ton at this
time?
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION IN SUPPORT OF FEE
FOR LOCAL GOVERNMENT MONITORING
OF LAND APPLICATION OF BITOSOLIDS
WHEREAS, Code of Virginia §62.1-44.19:3 stated that by January 1, 2003, “the Board of
Health shall adopt regulations requiring the payment of a fee for the land application of sewage
sludge” as a mean of reimbursing the direct costs for a reasonable amount of testing and for the
monitoring of the land application of sewage sludge by counties, cities and towns that have
adopted such ordinances; and
WHEREAS, a majority of the House Bill 2827 Advisory Committee voted to recommend a fee
of $2.14 per dry ton based upon average rates of various factors, such as wages and travel