600
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the following
Resolution of Support for the Central Virginia Community Services Board to
borrow $385,000.00 to purchase the Bedford Group Home.
Resolution of Support
Whereas, Central Virginia Community Services Board is a governmental entity created
pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 10 of Title 37.1 of the Code of Virginia, pursuant to a joint
agreement between the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell, and the Cities
of Bedford and Lynchburg, in order to provide those jurisdictions with mental health, mental
retardation, and substance abuse services: and
Whereas, Section 37.1-197 (11) allows Chapter 10 Boards such as Central Virginia
Community Services Board to obtain loans as authorized by the governing bodies of the political
subdivisions that established it; and
Whereas, Central Virginia Community Services desires to borrow three hundred and
eighty-five thousand dollars ($385,000) at a rate of 6.375% for a period of eight years from
Planters Bank, 2201 Graves Mill Road, in Forest, Virginia for the purpose of purchasing the
Bedford Group Home located at 1615 Longwood Avenue, Bedford, Virginia, from Lynchburg
Covenant Fellowship;
Therefore, Be It Resolved that Central Virginia Community Services Board is hereby
authorized by the County Board of Supervisors of Appomattox, Virginia to borrow up to Three
Hundred and Eighty-five Thousand Dollars ($385,000) from Planters Bank at a rate of 6.375% for
a period of eight years.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Request for Road Abandonment: At the July 6, 2004 meeting, the
National Historical Park made a request to abandon Route 710. This
request was tabled until this meeting. Mr. Overstreet has provided
information concerning a time frame and procedure for honoring this
request.
Mr. Conrad noted that this road is entire within the boundaries of the National
Historical Park.
Mr. Carter read the following:
RESOLUTION TO CONSIDER ABANDONING STATE
SECONDARY ROUTE #710 IN APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VA
Whereas, a petition has been filed by the National Park Service, Appomattox Court
House, National Historical Park to abandon State Route 710 in Appomattox County; and
Whereas, pursuant to the language of the Code of Virginia, the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors must duly consider this request of abandonment; and