457
requested a consensus from the Board that the 100 acres dedicated to the recreational
facility be deeded to the County instead of the I.D.A.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to deed the 100 acres
intended for recreation to the County.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had a concern for discussion. He continued that with the
grievance that had been stated with the 100 acres that the industrial development
authority would give back to the County, he stated that the Board was well aware of other
land that was out there with ingress and egress that was out of sight and out of mind. Mr.
Carwile continued by asking, “would it not be reasonable to, at least, the sports
committee that we have in place, to contact the owner of this land and see what can be
worked out for this recreational facility that will be out there where it will not hurt
anyone”. Mr. Carwile continued that in his opinion this would be a better location.
Mr. Bosiger stated that Mr. Carwile must have information that he was unaware of.
He continued that he did not know what piece of property Mr. Carwile was referring to.
Mr. Carwile explained that he was referring to the 93 acres that had been presented to the
Board as an industrial park.
Mr. Bosiger restated Mr. Carwile’s request as he understood it, “That the Board of
Supervisors approach the owner of the 93 acre parcel and see if it could be purchased for
a recreational facility”.
Mr. Carwile agreed this was his proposal.
A lengthy discussion followed. After discussion it was agreed by consensus of the Board
that a decision not be made on this issue at this meeting.
Mr. Carwile then questioned the other members of the Board as to whether the County
was dealing with an additional 1.5 million dollars towards the sewer project with the
Town.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had understood that the 1.5 million dollars was included in the
2.5 million dollars proposed by the I.D.A. for the industrial park project.
Mr. Bosiger explained that his understanding was that the I.D.A. had plainly stated that
the infrastructure mentioned in their proposal was getting the water and sewer to the
property. He continued that this did not include sewer capacity.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed there had been enough
discussion on this topic and it was time to move on to other matters.