375
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to end the local declaration of
emergency. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Wayne Phelps and Ms. Penny Taylor of the Reenactment
Committee to address the Board regarding the reenactment sponsored by the Chamber in
September.
Mr. Phelps will also discuss the repairs to the Museum (Old Jail) and the hanging of a
portrait of Dr. Clyde O’Brien .
Mr. Phelps began by thanking Ms. Taylor and Rich Guild for their assistance. The
reenactment was a success. The weather did not cooperate on Saturday and things were a
little down from what they had expected but Sunday was a huge success, especially with
the burning of the old house during the battle.
Ms. Taylor gave a financial report and hopefully they will clear around $4,000 to have on
hand to start with next year when they plan to do the Battle of Lynchburg.
They would like to reenact the battle of the 140th and the surrender the following year.
Mr. Carter stated he was impressed with the battle field and the positive comments he
overheard from those present.
Several other Board members stated how much they were impressed by everything.
Mr. Carter then thanked Mr. Phelps and Ms. Taylor.
Mr. Phelps informed the Board that the painting had been completed. Bobby Wells and
Berkley Cabiness did an excellent job. The porch is being repaired by J. E. Jamerson &
Sons under the supervision of Kevin O’Brien. When this is finished they will begin
moving in the new exhibits.
Delegate Abbitt, Kevin O’Brien, Wayne Phelps and the Historical Society would like to
have a portrait of Dr. Clyde O’Brien placed in the old Courthouse building along with the
portraits of the Christian Family. Dr. O’Brien served his community many years as a
physician, a prominent member of Appomattox, as well as a well known local historian
Ms. Susan O’Brien has agreed to cover the costs involved in this project.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to place a portrait of Dr. Clyde
O’Brien in the Old Courthouse with the monetary factor handled by Ms. Susan O’Brien.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Phelps also stated that Delegate Abbitt, the Sons of the Confederate Veterans, the
United Daughters of the Confederacy and the Historical Society are asking that the old