648
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she will now update the Board on the Convenience site
lighting.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the estimate given would include five sites needing two
additional lights at each site.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she had done a brief study at each of the sites to see how
much traffic was coming in after 5 PM. In averaging the six sites not including the
landfill during the month of August we were averaging 30 citizens between 5 PM and
7 PM during the month of September we averaged 20 citizens during the same time. Ms.
Rockefeller stated that looking at these numbers and with it getting dark earlier she feels
the numbers will continue to decrease. Ms. Rockefeller stated that two of her sites have
reported lately after 6 PM they have had no one come to the sites. Ms. Rockefeller next
stated that if the Board decided to keep the convenience sites open until 7 PM it would be
an additional cost of $11,000 in salaries for the extra two hours that had not been
budgeted for and also additional electrical cost which she has no way to figure what that
would be.
Ms. Rockefeller called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that she had given the Board some good information and thanked her,
but then stated that he feels that the low amount of volume at the sites is due to knowing
that the closure time is 5 PM. Mr. Carter stated that he feels that the price given for the
lighting at the convenience centers is astronomical and he is not sure if we need to go out
for quotes or what but the price given is not acceptable. Mr. Carter stated that in doing
this however, it is wasting time and the Board may need to call a special meeting to make
a decision on this.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the sites are open until November 1" until 7 PM and it will take
us some time to get bids on this project.
Mr. Craft stated that he had only one complaint on the sites but he has received more
compliments than complaints.
Mr. Tanner stated that he has had a couple of complaints but he is wondering if this will
be necessary if people are not going to use the sites after dark.
Mr. Conrad stated that he has heard nothing but praise on the sites and also on the
workers and he feels the situation is one hundred percent better that the previous.
Mr. Carter stated that he has also received lots of praises on the condition of the sites;
however he is hearing that some of the attendants at the sites are not helping citizens.
Mr. Conrad stated that he had visited several sites and had witnessed the attendants
always asking to help the citizens.