Dif
saw nothing wrong with it. Mr. Carwile continued that this should be officially put into
the minutes and with that he offered the minutes to be approved.
Mr. Carter stated that he was not sure if he asked that question of Mr. Lawson or not.
Mr. Bosiger called for a second.
Mr. Torrence seconded the motion.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that he understood what Mr. Carwile was asking and asked Mr.
Lawson if he would like to comment on this matter.
Mr. Lawson stated that someone would have to bring him up to date since he missed part
of the discussion.
Mr. Bosiger stated that Mr. Carwile substantially agreed with the minutes but, he feels
that when Mrs. Austin was here on October 5, 1998, he would like to see the names of
the people she was representing in the Courthouse that she indicated were part of her
group, for the record, or otherwise she was speaking for herself. Mr. Bosiger continued
that Mrs. Ferguson had stated that she had no way of knowing whom Mrs. Austin was
referring to in the Courtroom. Mr. Bosiger continued that the second part of Mr.
Carwile’s suggested changed was that later in the meeting Mr. Carter requested that Mr.
Lawson give an opinion on the legality of the moratorium and that Mr. Lawson had stated
that it was legal.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that in all fairness to the Board and the Commonwealth
Attorney this should be recorded in the minutes as stated.
Mr. Lawson addressed the Board and stated that he had no recollection of any member of
the Board asking him if the moratorium was legal. Mr. Lawson continued that if the
members of the Board had remembered him making this statement he had no problem
with it being included in the minutes. Mr. Lawson stated that in reference to Mrs. Austin
and the statement she made about the people in the rear of the Courtroom, he felt that it
should be included in the minutes because that was in fact the statement Mrs. Austin
made.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he would give his recollection on the moratorium issue. He stated
that as the discussion was in progress he asked Mr. Lawson if he would like to give his
opinion on the matters being discussed. Mr. Bosiger continued that as he remembered it
Mr. Lawson gave his opinion on Mr. Carwile abstaining in this matter. Mr. Bosiger |
stated that he did not remember Mr. Lawson stating that the moratorium was legal.
Mr. Bosiger stated that prior to revising the minutes maybe Mrs. Ferguson should review
the tapes to become clearer on the statements that were made.