89
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding the Recycling Ordinance Request. He would like
some additional figures regarding payback. This information should be available no later than
the July meeting.
There was a short discussion regarding this issue.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to accept the Planning Commission’s
recommendations to approve Petition 02-502 - James M & Deborah L. Purcell and Petition
02-503 - Alexandra R. Glover with additional conditions and proffers. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to table the recommendations on the
Recycling Ordinance until the July meeting. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
4. Biosolids Ordinance: The amendments to the Biosolids Ordinance as previously
requested by the Board has been presented. If these proposed changes are agreeable with
the Board, a public hearing could be scheduled for June 17, 2002.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to hold a public hearing on June 17, 2002
on the proposed changes to the Biosolids Ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (Items 5-9)
5: Approval of Bills: Approve bills as presented.
BOARD ACTIONS:
6. Eternal Flame Memorial: The American Legion Post 104 would like to replace the
existing flat profile stone currently at the base of the eternal flame with a memorial
similar to the one placed in honor of Mr. C. T. Moses. This project will not involve any
County funds.
ds Festival Permit: Stonewall Vineyards has submitted a festival permit and fee for
proposed festivals to be held on June 8" and June 22", They have also requested that the
bond be waived as in the past.
8. Local Law Enforcement Block Grant: Federal funds are available to localities for help in
their effort to reduce crime and improve public safety. A grant in the amount $1,461 is
available with a matching local input of $162 for a total of $1,623. Does the Board wish
to authorize the County Administrator to sign this grant.
LINE ITEM TRANSFERS:
9. Legal Fees: Please transfer $50,000 from 1101-8003 IDA Note-2000 to 1204-3002