628
Mr. Conrad stated he was on the interview committee for the Extension Agent position.
He feels that Mr. Jones will do an excellent job. The committee agreed unanimously on
offering him this position.
13. Appomattox County Public Schools: Financial report for February 2007.
14. Department Reports: As requested, reports have been received from the
various County departments on activities for the past month.
15. Central Virginia ASAP Annual Report: Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action
Program has provided their 2006 Annual Report. Mr. Craft serves on this Board
and will be happy to answer any questions.
Mr. Conrad commented that they have had a change in leadership at the Central
Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Board. Mr. Lee Towns has been running this office for
some thirty years. He has recently retired and the Board decided to upgrade Ms. Mary
Jo Gillespie to that position. Ms. Gillespie has been with the agency about eighteen
years.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Harold Wingate and Mr. Don Thomas of Wingate Appraisal
Services to address the Board.
Mr. Wingate has requested time on the agenda to give you an update on the progress of
the reassessment and to answer any questions that you may have.
Mr. Wingate began by stating he welcomed the opportunity to work with Appomattox
County. He appreciated the cooperation he has received from Ms. Ferguson, Mr.
Spencer, and everyone else they have come in contact with in the County.
There have been some computer problems with the transferring of the property records
from the manual method to the computer. This will certainly pay off in the future.
Mr. Wingate fielded some questions and answers:
Mr. Craft - How much of the field work have they completed to date?
They have completed about 30% of the field work. It will probably be fall before they
release any figures.
Mr. Carter — How much experience have you had with Land Use Assessment issues?
In 1966 they were doing an assessment for Albemarle County and he stood on a farm
belonging to a member of the General Assembly at that time. The gentlemen remarked
that it didn’t make any difference what you do with this farm land because we are going
to get a land use bill through the General Assembly and then we will get the tax on farm
land where it ought to be (something to that effect).
By 1970-72, the plan was to get the Farm Bureau’s to support this issue and he was an
active member of the Botetourt Farm Bureau and when it came before them of course,
most of them were in favor of this and at the risk of hanging, he told them they ought
to go slow until they could learn more about this taxation. They disregarded his
suggestions and passed it with 2 votes against. As you know the localities can adopt
this or any segments, if they wish to. The thing you need to be aware of is, if you are