319.
and waive the fees and bond requirements. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mrs. Ferguson that County employees be
given the same Thanksgiving and Christmas Holidays as approved by the Governor for
State Employees.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the same holiday
schedule for County employees as the Governor has given to State employees. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosgier, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next informed the Board that an executive session was necessary in order to
discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 9:15 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into executive
session to discuss legal and personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 10:38 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore, the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to provide funding for a new
position for the Sheriff's Department on a 3(three) year trial basis, with the budget as
requested by the Sheriff.