499
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, brought the Board’s attention to a recent
document "The Department of Corrections Response to Jail Crowding
(Board file for September 1994) and questioned the need for additional
bed space in Appomattox. Mr. Lawson feels that Appomattox County
should wait before doing anything and see what legislature does
concerning moving State responsible inmates.
After a lengthy discussion, the Board agreed to discuss the regional
jail at the Thursday meeting and asked Mrs. Ferguson to provide
information on annual debt service for adding on to our local jail,
annual cost of operating local jail and the annual cost of Boarding
prisoners in other facilities.
Mr. Torrence then thanked and excused Messers. Cassale and Hefty.
Mr. Torrence next requested that the other members of the Board
reconsider a decision to move the proposed container site at Vera to
the front of the lot. Mr. Torrence informed the Board that Frank Moore
was ready to begin work on the site at the first of next week.
Mr. Carwile stated that he understood that Mr. Moore was supposed to
start work on the Vera site on September 13, 1994 and questioned why
this work had not begun.
Mr. Torrence stated that Mr. Moore had to proceed with another job.
Mr. Torrence also explained that the citizens of the Vera Community
wanted the site back off the road as far as possible.
Mr. Carwile questioned if the drainage for the site wouldn’t be better
closer to the road.
Mr. Torrence stated that Mr. Moore had indicated that the drainage
would be fine on the back of the lot. Mr. Torrence also stated that
the site would require no more money than originally bid nor would it
require any additional lighting.
Mr. Paulette stated that he was concerned with burying the old school
building on someone else’s property.
After further discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Paulette to demolish the old Vera School building and put the container
site on the back of the lot, as decided on August 15, 1994. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the School Board for an
appropriation from the Athletic Fund.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate
$22,886.84 for the month of September, 1994, from the Athletic Fund.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.