387
Mr. Rawls called for any questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Conrad questioned if the museum and artifact exhibits would represent all ethnic
groups? Mr. Rawls stated that all ethnic groups would be represented, however there are
not many artifacts from African Americans but they do tell the story of what role was
played. Even though there are not many artifacts you can use technology to tell the story.
Chairman Craft called for any further questions that the Board may have.
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Overstreet, County Attorney advised the Board that
discussion of purchasing real estate would need to be in closed session.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #1 — Ordinance Revisions to the
Subdivision and Zoning Ordinance and then called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the amendments to the Subdivision Ordinance as
presented. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for
discussion, hearing none, he then called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the amendments to the zoning ordinance as
presented. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for
discussion, hearing none, he then called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #2 - CVCC Phase 2 Renovation Contract
and called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to accept the low bid and enter into contract with J.E.
Jamerson in the amount of $334,350. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a Roll Call
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3- Virginia United Methodist Housing
Development Corporation and called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had contacted the Town of Appomattox to see what they did
with the request that they also had received. Ms. Ferguson stated that the Town had
requested more information from Mr. Reagan and had not heard anything from him. At
this time the Town has not acted on his request.
Mr. Conrad stated that he cannot justify approving an exemption based on the
information that has been provided.