316
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #-2- Appomattox Lions Club Damage
Deposit, and then called for discussion from the Board.
Mr. Tanner questioned that if the Board waived fees for the Lions Club, would we require the
same documentation from other citizens who make the same request.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the same requirements would be for any local organization who wished
to use the field.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board needed to be careful when deviating from their policy. We
must treat everyone the same or we will have an equal protection problem.
Mr. Tanner stated that he did not have a problem waiving the damage deposit.
Mr. Carter made a motion that the Board waive the $100 damage deposit for the Lions Club
Food Festival. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Carter‘s motion. Hearing no further discussion,
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3- Virginia Retirement System Resolution
and called for discussion from the Board.
RESOLUTION
Affirmation of Authorization to Pick-up the Employee’s Contribution to
VRS for APPOMATTOX COUNTY, 55105
Under §414 (h) of the Internal Revenue Code
WHEREAS, APPOMATTOX COUNTY provides its employees with tax deferral pursuant to
§414 (h) of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to their member contributions to the Virginia
Retirement System (referred to as VRS) by picking up member contributions to VRS; and
WHEREAS, VRS keeps track of such picked up member contributions, and treats such
contributions as employee contributions for all purposes of VRS;
WHEREAS, the Internal Revenue Service in Notice 2006-43 has provided transition relief for
existing pick up arrangements provided that an authorized person takes formal action to evidence
the establishment of the pick-up arrangement no later than January 1, 2009.
WHEREAS, in order to avail itself of the protection given under Notice 2006-43,
APPOMATTOX COUNTY desires to affirm its intention to establish and maintain a pick-up
arrangement through formal action by its governing body.
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED that the existing member contribution pick-
up arrangement is hereby affirmed as it relates to salary reduction elections in effect prior to the
date of this Resolution, and it further