365
Mr. Carter next called for ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (1-5)
1. Parks Authority: The Board tabled this issue at the September 2TM meeting. By
consensus the Board members agreed to bring possible appointees for the Park
Authority to this meeting for consideration. Staff has drafted an ordinance
(revised) and memo which outlines the reasons that the creation of the authority
would further the Board’s goals regarding the tourism program. A public hearing
will be necessary to create the authority.
Staff recommends that the Board proceed to public hearing with the creation of
the creation of the Parks Authority to assist in the implementation of the Board’s
tourism vision for the County.
Mr. Carter stated that he appreciated staff’s efforts and time in preparing this information.
He feels the Board may have baby-sitted this tourism program too long. In lieu of
progressing any further with the establishment of a Parks Authority, that the
organizational structure be left as it currently stands.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would have stated the same things that Mr. Carter did. He
fully supports the idea of leaving things like they are.
Mr. Moore stated he has not changed his mind. He has felt from the beginning that the
structure should stay as it is.
Mr. Kendrick is not in favor of forming any authority. He feels that receiving a status
report for each department head will give the Board members the opportunity to know
where various projects are and where they are heading.
Mr. Hancock also stated he was not in favor of forming any authority at this time.
It was the consensus of the Board to leave the organizational structure as it is.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: Petition #03-352 — Courtland
Realty/S. L. Ferguson III was tabled until the Appomattox Town Council had met
to consider extension of water and sewer connections. Mr. David Garrett, Town
Manager has notified the Board that the Council has denied the extension of these
utilities because the developer had not provided engineering drawings of the
proposed connectors. The petitioner appeared before the Board at the last
meeting and requested a waiver of the public water and sewer condition placed on
the petition by the Planning Commission. Two separate motions are required to
approve the petition and the conditions as recommended by the Planning
Commission.
Staff recommends that the Board discuss the waiver of conditions request and
table the issue until the next meeting to allow for further reflection on this matter.