183
A trap was set after catching the fourteen dogs and that trap was totally destroyed.
Animal Control felt that this could have been a mountain lion, bobcat or some type of
wild animal.
Supervisor Craft called for other questions.
Mr. Tanner questioned if Animal Control had spoken with Mr. Martin about the wild
animals. Mr. Hackett stated that Mr. Martin was aware that coyotes were in the area.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the livestock kill report has a place for value placed which is
provided by the owner and also a value placed by the Extension Agent.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the $258.00 and $167.70 each are actual values approved by
Extension. Total value of damages would be $761.10 for all the animals killed. The total
amount requested by Mr. Martin is $850.00.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that this was first reported in November, and questioned if there have
been more complaints in that area. Mr. Hackett stated that there had been no more
complaints since the last trap was set.
Mr. Carter stated that based on the evidence by Animal Control, the County cannot pay
this claim based on past history. Mr. Carter stated that the County can only pay for dog
kills.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Martin’s claim is for four animals.
Mr. Tanner made a motion that the County pay for the one animal that was investigated
by Animal Control and payment should be based on the livestock market value.
Ms. Ferguson questioned Mr. Hackett as to which animal carcass was investigated by
Animal Control. Mr. Hackett stated Animal Control investigated the 200 Ib Angus calf.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion to pay for the one animal investigated by
Animal Control in the amount of $258.00.
Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Tanner, aye; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye.
Mr. Roark next informed the Board that due to the applicant withdrawing the application
that was scheduled for tonight’s public hearing, there will be no public hearing. Mr.
Roark stated that the applicant stated that they would reapply at a later date for a different
location.