302
Ms. Seay explained their reason for coming before the Board was to point out several
problems with the proposed reconstruction of Route 634. Ms. Seay continued that the
problems were as follows:
1) Most of the parcels affected were small parcels and in taking part of these parcels
for easements, etc., it was leaving the property owners with nowhere to relocate
septic system drainfields if needed.;
2) One parcel the right of way was close to a well and if a new well was ever needed
this area of the county was not the best for locating wells.;
3) One parcel after easements were taken the remainder of the parcel would be
useless.;
4) _ Traffic would be closer to the existing houses therefore, creating more noise.;
5) Landscaping will be effected because a lot of the trees along the roadway will be
taken.
Mrs. Seay continued that an alternative would be to move the proposed road over and you
would then be dealing with landowners instead of homeowners and then straighten the
road.
Mrs. Stella Carter explained that the crossover on Route 460 needed to be moved anyway
because it was dangerous and there was not enough sight distance in the East bound lane.
Mrs. Stella Carter continued that due to commercial work going on at the landfill there
would be an increase in traffic.
Mr. Torrence stated he had a difficult time understanding why the road could not be
moved more towards Westvaco land leaving the Baldwin’s and Carter’s property in tack.
Mr. Austin explained that the plans had been approved and that public hearings had been
held on this project and the most economical solution is what has been proposed.
Further discussion followed.
Being nothing further, Mr. Paulette informed the citizens interested in the Route 634
project, they could meet with Mr. Austin in the juryroom for more information on this
project.
Mr. Torrence left to meet with Mr. Austin.
Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. Allen Farley to appear before the Board.
Mr. Allen Farley, Sons of Confederate Veterans Appomattox Rangers Camp #1733, came
before the board requesting a permit to hold a reenactment on April 3-5, 1998 on property
owned by J. Lyle Moore on Route 608 in the Stonewall area. Mr. Farley continued by
providing detailed information about the proposed reenactment.