291
Mr. Carter asked if there were any more public comments. Hearing none, he
moved on to the next agenda item.
Mr. Carter called Mr. Don Austin, Resident Engineer — VDOT to address the
Board. Mr. Austin is appearing tonight to address any questions the Board may
have regarding the resolution presented tonight pertaining to the Lime Plant Road.
Also Mr. Austin will try to answer any questions the Board may have regarding
VDOT issues.
Mr. Austin explained that the resolution would add the newly constructed road to
the Secondary Road System and abandon the old construction as it is no longer
needed.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following
resolution regarding the newly constructed section of Lime Plant Road:
Whereas, the Virginia Department of Transportation has constructed Lime Plant
Road on a new alignment under Project 0683-006-200, C501, B628 and;
Whereas, project sketch, attached and incorporated herein as a part of this
resolution, defines adjustments required in the secondary system of state
highways as a result of that construction, and;
Whereas, the new road serves the same citizens as served by those portions of
old road identified in the project sketch to be abandoned, which portions no
longer serve a public need, and;
NOW, T HEREFORE, BEIT RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virginia
Department of Transportation to add Section 2 to the secondary system of state
highways, pursuant to §33.1-229 of the Code of Virginia, for which sections this
Board hereby guarantees the right of way to be clear and unrestricted, including
any necessary easements for cuts, fills and drainage, and;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board hereby abandons Section 1 from the
secondary system of state highways, pursuant to §33.1-155 of the Code of
Virginia, and ;
BE IT FINALLY RESOLVED, This Board orders that a certified copy of this
resolution be forwarded to the Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of
Transportation.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Austin also gave the Board a report on the 911 Street Signage. The
contractor began installing the street signs about a month ago. They discovered
that some of the signs were the wrong size, incorrectly installed, and that sort of