5
AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AND RE-ADOPT THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY ZONING ORDINANCE
BY REVISING A CERTAIN PROVISION OF THE ZONING ORDINANCE TEXT AS DESCRIBED IN THE
FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH
BE IT HEREBY ORDAINED, that the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance is hereby amended and
readopted by revising a certain provision of the Zoning Ordinance text as described as follows:
Text Amendment
Section 170-47, Conditional Uses in B-1, Commercial District
Add use category “Schools” to the list of conditional uses.
Severability
Should any portion or provision of this ordinance be held by any court to be unconstitutional or invalid, that decision
shall not affect the validity of the ordinance as a whole, or any part of the ordinance other than the part held to be
unconstitutional or invalid.
Effective Date
This ordinance is effective upon adoption.
Mr. Conrad stated he had looked at these pretty extensively and he has no problems
with developing zoning to accommodate schools in the B-1 district. If you have an
existing B-1 district and based on a conditional use, the school being okayed for that
area would fit into the plans for what good zoning practices are. Certainly that is not at
odds here. If you go from county to county you will find that there a lot of counties that
as of this time have that in existence. You also have schools that are existing today in
other zoning districts. Where he has a problem is that you don’t want to usurp good
zoning practices by changing the zoning simply to accommodate a special interest or an
interest at hand that would be advantageous for a few people. He would say, that you
certainly in the long run try to avoid spot zoning. His feeling is that he has no problem
with a school going into a B-1 district under a conditional use because you are certainly
analyzing the situation at that time.
Mr. Moore feels that in dealing with schools it is not down-grading an area, if anything,
it is upgrading it whether is it in Business or Manufacturing or whatever it might be. He
does not see where it is so detrimental to an area.
Mr. Craft does not have any problems with placing a school in B-1 but he does have a
problem with mixing zoning.
Mr. Carter has a problem with schools being located in a business district. He can in no
way support this. He does not feel this location is conducive to a school.
Mr. Armbrust does not feel a school should be located in a business district. There are
safety issues.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter, to not approve the change to
Section 170-47 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance to allow schools to be
located in a B-1 Business district as a Conditional Use. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, nay; Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, nay; Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, aye. (2 aye votes — 3 nays)
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the change to section
170-47 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance to allow schools to be located in a