657
Mr. McReynolds stated that he had been trying to sell a piece of property for a year or
longer and he hopes that this Comprehensive Plan will work toward helping clean up this
area with their new ordinances. Mr. McReynolds stated that he appreciated receiving the
letter letting him know of the proposed changes,
Mr. Don DeHart came forward and stated his address as 831 Robinson Road,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. DeHart stated that he owns two five acre tracts of property and he bought them with
the intentions to put mobile homes on for family members and he feels this new
ordinance will prevent him from doing this.
Mr. Hunter Marshall came forward and stated his address as 3399 Narrow Passage Road,
Spout Spring, Virginia.
Mr. Marshall stated that he thinks communication needs to be better on what R-1; RR-1;
and A-1 mean and how it affects the citizens.
Mr. Marshall stated that we have developers getting subdivision permits and pay same
amount of taxes as we have to pay and then selling it for a profit and he feels that is
wrong.
Mr. Marshall stated that the changing of read frontage is a devalue to property. This is
dis-favorable to the owners of farmland and we need to know what options we have. Mr.
Marshall stated you cannot raise crops on one acre or three acres for that matter.
Mr, James Munsee came forward and stated his address as 358 Maple Springs Lane,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Munsee stated that he currently owns18.6 acres and it will change from A-1 to RR-1
and he raises horses, cows and hay and he farms the land and also owns a barn and his
neighbors also own approximately ten acres have same complaints, but were not able to
attend tonight’s meeting because they are working. Mr. Munsee stated that he feels that
seven miles from the Town of Appomattox is too far to be changing the zoning from A-1
to RR-1. Mr. Munsee stated that all the property owners in his neighboring area with
twenty five acres or more are not being affected by this, but with his almost twenty acres
he is being affected due to no road frontage. Mr. Munsee stated that he has no idea why
this is being done.
Mr. Theodore McLaughlin came forward and stated his address as 3114 Forest Chapel
Road, Pamplin, Virginia.
Mr. McLaughlin stated that he had bought property years ago to be able to separate and
give to his children and with the new regulations he will not be able to separate and do
this without buying more property.