286
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to put Mr. Carroll
on as a permanent employee with a 5% increase in salary. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to transfer
$500,000.00 from general revenue fund to the CIP Account. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors agrees that a
regional industrial development authority would be beneficial to all
the citizens of Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County Board of Supervisors works jointly with
Appomattox Town Council in various endeavors;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors wishes to form a Regional Industrial Development Authority
with the Town of Appomattox.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further, Mr. Torrence made a motion at 10:54 p.m.
seconded by Mr. Carwile to recess until August 18, 199, after the
public hearing. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors,
the Appomattox County Planning Commission and the Appomattox County
Board of Zoning Appeals was held on August 18, 1997 at 7:00 P.M. in th
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
0)
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Garet H. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Vice Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Absent (Board of Supervisors):
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Present (Planning Commission):
Al Sears, Chairman
Sammy Carter