471
Mr. Roark stated this will allow the County to get information to the public twenty four
hours a day. This will not only help the public but will assist our office to obtain
information in a timely manner.
Mr. Roark called for questions from the Board.
Chairman Conrad asked about the standard applications process. Mr. Roark stated that
what we would be getting would be the latest program of this mapping program which
would be very similar to a Google application and most people are familiar with this and
the tools will be basic.
Ms. Dennis explained the difference in the basic, standard and the enhanced application
is just for parcel viewing only and the standard will be the first flex API new website
available. Ms. Dennis explained that as you go up in the tier cost will also increase. Ms.
Dennis explained that Appomattox County is basically getting a $33,000 dollar program
for $25,000.
Mr. Carter questioned if he is looking for a home would he have a pictorial of the house.
Ms. Dennis stated that he would have an aerial but not a pictorial of a house.
Mr. Tanner questioned if any grants were available to help pay for this.
Mr. Wingfield- 911 Director stated that grants are how we have gotten this far. He stated
that future grants would be available after we get past this point.
Mr. Roark stated that the needs assessment will help to focus on what we are trying to do
with GIS.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had been over to 911 and the resolution is good.
Chairman Conrad called for further discussion, hearing none Mr. Craft made a motion to
approve moving forward with the development of an internet website that will provide
the public and county employees access to select GIS information. Mr. Carter seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Carter then made a motion to approve moving forward with the GIS Needs
Assessment. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion, hearing no discussion, Chairman
Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #7 — Amendment to Resolution of
Support for Virginia Department of Health Grant Application and explained that the
resolution of support which was adopted at the previous meeting and had omitted the