416
On Monday, January 5, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
their Organizational Meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building, located at
153A Morton Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Ms. Ferguson called the organizational meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
to order at 6:30 p.m. and asked Mr. Carter to deliver the invocation which was then followed by
the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Ms. Ferguson opened the floor for nominations for Board Chairman for 2009.
Mr. Craft nominated Mr. Thomas H. Conrad for Chairman of the Board of Supervisors; Mr.
Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s nomination. Ms. Ferguson called for other nominations. Hearing
no other nominations, Ms. Ferguson called for a motion to close the nominations for board
chairman. Mr. Tanner made the motion to close nominations for board Chairman. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Ms. Ferguson called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye. Ms. Ferguson then called for a vote on the
motion to appoint Mr. Conrad as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors for 2009. Vote: Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, abstain; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Ms. Ferguson tured the meeting over to Chairman Conrad.
Chairman Conrad thanked fellow Board members for their confidence in nominating him for
chairman and then nominated Mr. Tanner for Vice-Chairman.
Chairman Conrad called for a second to his motion in nominating Mr. Tanner for Vice-Chairman
for 2009. Mr. Craft seconded the motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none;
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, abstain.
Chairman Conrad congratulated Mr. Tanner on his nomination and asks if he had anything to
say.
Mr. Tanner thanked fellow Board members for their confidence in him and stated that he looked
forward to supporting them in the upcoming year. Mr. Tanner stated that he would be glad to