982
stated that a dynamic person could raise incentives for himself. This item would be placed on the
Agenda for the September 4" meeting.
Mr. Spiggle thanked the Committee for their proposal.
2. Fire Department:
Mr. Spiggle stated the Town Council and Board of Supervisors have for several years now talked
about a County Fire Department and a Town Fire Department and Town Council has discussed this.
The Fire Department has asked for a new fire truck. The Town had a truck that only ran in town and
never went into the County. That is not true any longer, that truck goes wherever it is needed, in
town or in the county. He sees the fire department not as a town or county, but the Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department.
Mr. Carter stated the current arrangement was a 25/75% agreement.
Mr. Bobby Wingfield, Chief of the Fire Department stated that when bills come in, the County pays
them and then bills the town of their 25%, this is on a monthly basis for fuel, etc. In1972 the town
purchased the ‘72 Chevrolet truck. In 1977 the County purchased the ‘77 Chevrolet truck. Since
1990, things have been 75-25% with the 1999 truck and the Freightliner purchased in 1998.
Mr. Kendrick questioned what was being done for Pamplin Fire Department.
Mr. Wingfield stated a donation is made annually and payments are made toward fire house and
trucks by the Board of Supervisors. Appomattox Town does not contribute to Pamplin.
The Appomattox Fire Department is looking to purchase a new truck at a cost of $350,00.00, with
a 55 foot ladder, a 500 gallon tank with a 15 gallon pump. They are not asking for any additional
funds, but they are asking that the budget amount be continued as the last truck purchased will be
paid for next year and these funds will be put toward the new truck they are proposing to buy.
Mr. Kendrick stated they would need further details on the payoff on the present truck and when the
Board would have to make a decision.
3. Water Needs:
Mr. Spiggle and Mr. Garrett stated that the present wells will not meet future needs. We will need
to drill one or two more test well. Could be eight to ten years before something else could be in
place. Decision needs to be made regarding Lynchburg water line if this option is still available.
At the last joint meeting there was a discussion regarding applying for grants. The CDBG and
DEQ6046 water study grants were turned down because we were looking for water for the future and
not as a need at the present time.
Discussion centered around the need to reapply for these grants. David Garrett and Andy Carroll
need to work together to get a study done regarding purchasing water vs locating water in the
County and present this at a joint meeting possibly in November.