514
Mr. Jennings began by saying that everyone has expressed their opinion on this
issue. Guns do not kill people, people kill people. It is always the understanding
of your shot, that makes the shot safe. He is in favor of this ordinance.
At 7:50 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
At 8:00 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the regular meeting.
Mrs. Ellen Jamerson called for an answer to her question —* why are rifles safer
than shotguns”?
Mr. Conrad addressed this question. There has probably been some
misconceptions on a couple of issues tonight. One of which is that several of the
members have been accused of, or rather addressed this as one of their
campaign issues. This was not a campaign issue. He did not ask for votes
because he was going to vote for rifle hunting. However, if someone asked him
about the rifle issue, he told them how he felt, but he did not promise to change
things if he was elected.
In answer to Mrs. Jamerson’s question, this can be addressed from both sides
and he will give a couple of examples. He is going to vote for the ordinance. He
has hunted most of his life and feels he knows a little about this. When you are
getting ready to shoot game with a rifle, you are aiming the rifle, most likely with
a scope. When using a shotgun you are pointing and shooting, hoping that one
of the projectiles will hit the target. About fifteen (15) years ago, he was in
Buckingham County hunting and when he got home that night, his wife was
distraught. She had had a problem with a hunter that day. It appears the
children were in the yard playing and a truck comes along, a hunter gets out and
is waiting for the dogs to drive the deer in his direction. She tells him he cannot
be shooting in her yard because of her children. He proceeds to tell her that he
will be shooting across the yard. He is using a 12-gauge shotgun. The point is,
if she had not seen this and a deer had come across the yard, the hunter not
knowing the children were out playing, he could have shot a 2-inch shell
containing 9 to 12 shots of 00 buck. Had he been using a rifle, he would have
had only one (1) projectile going across the yard. He is sure in this case a rifle
would have been safer. He is sure there are people present who could give
stories about how a shotgun is much safer. He feels that his example was a
good indication of howa rifle is much safer than a shotgun.
Mr. Conrad also read from the newspaper article presented by Mrs. Jamerson
and stated that she neglected to read the whole article. According to Julia Dixon
Smith, of the Virginia Game Department, short range shotguns account for more
hunting accidents by far. In the hunting season of 1999-2000, Smith says a total
of 43 firearm accidents were reported and investigated by the Game