114
Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion on the floor to rescind the vote on the VACo LegislativeAgenda. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, nay; Mr. Moore,nay; and Mr. Carter, nay.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Kendrick has a concern regarding the trash littering the county and at individual residences. Hefeels that the time has come for development of some ordinances that would require people to takecare of their own property and eliminate trash around the county in general.
Mr. Carter addressed the priorities listed at the Regional Commission Meeting in April. We labeledseven (7) different priorities we would like to see worked on. Of these seven, five have been labeledas priorities for Region 2000. They are: #1) Economic Development; #2) Local GovernmentRevenue Restructuring; #3) Water and Sewer Resources; #4) Regional Health Insurance; and #5)Solid Waste Management.
Mr. Carwile discussed the memorial for Charles T. Moses. He has received acard from the MosesFamily expressing their thanks and appreciation for the memorial.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the Informational Items: Regular Meeting at 6:30 p.m. on July15, 2002 and Regular meeting at 6:30 p.m. on August 5, 2002.
At 9:55 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Kendrick the meeting was adjourned.VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday July 15, 2002 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regularscheduled meeting in conjunction with a Public Hearing/Joint meeting of the Appomattox CountyPlanning Commission and the Appomattox Town Council, at the Appomattox County Courthouse,Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - F alling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District