415
with the maintenance savings on a new school, the first 10 years, we
should be able to overcome the cost factor problem. Ms. Torrence said
that it was astounding that Appomattox had set a pattern of renovating
the middle school every ten (10) years. Ms. Torrence is convinced that
if we come together as problem solvers, particularly, with the
Appomattox Future Farmers of America Alumni, that the problem of a site
for the middle school could easily be solved. Ms. Torrence continued
by discussing the educational needs of middle school students. Ms.
Torrence closed by asking how you could place a dollar value on a child
learning to read successfully. How can you place a dollar value ona
life long problem solved. For every successful student, Appomattox
will save 3 to 7 dollars for every dollar spent.
Mr. Torrence thanked Ms. Torrence and gave a brief explanation as to
why the Board of Supervisors made the decision to support renovation of
the middle school.
Mr. Torrence asked if any supervisors had any comments they wished to
make.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he is pleased with the comments that
he has heard from the citizens and feels proud of them for taking a
stand. Mr. Carwile addressed the other Board members and said, "if we
turn a deaf ear to these people that have expressed their wishes, to
put this on a referendum, then I’m saying that we, as elected
officials, put in by the people, to represent the people, then I’m
saying that each of you will have to stand and show your true colors".
Mr. Paulette stated that he had no problem with a referendum, his only
concern is with finances. Mr. Paulette also expressed some concern
about the renovations needed at the Elementary School. Mr. Paulette
would like to see the Middle School and the Elementary School addressed
at this time. He would like to look at the entire picture now.
Mr. Moore stated that in touring the schools he felt that the
Elementary School was in more need than the Middle School. He was
impressed with the condition of the Middle School.
Mr. Torrence stated that his biggest concern was that putting this much
money on one project was just too much considering our tax base. Mr.
Torrence stated that our basic revenue comes from real estate taxes.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Tommy Lawson, County Attorney, if citizens could
have this issue placed as a referendum on the ballot?
Mr. Lawson said that citizens cannot put this issue on the ballot. He
continued that the Board of Supervisors can borrow money for school
purposes without having a referendum. The Board MAY put this issue as
a referendum on the ballot if they choose.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Torrence and asked to be allowed to speak
again. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to refresh his memory.
He said that, "it was plainly stated by Mr. Torrence and Mr. Jamerson
that the reassessment kicking in would take care of the service debt,