475
WHEREAS, the system comprises only 4% of the nation’s public roads but
will carry 40% of all highway traffic and 75% of heavy truck traffic,
and
WHEREAS, in the Commonwealth of Virginia the National Highway System
comprises 5.1% of our roads, but will carry 43.4% of all motor vehicle
traffic, and
WHEREAS, the nation’s Interstate highway system has been instrumental
to the economic vitality of our country but as envisioned in the 1950’s
is not sufficient to allow our continued growth in the 21st century, am
WHEREAS, 60% of U. S. households and 70% of our businesses are within
five miles of an Interstate route, but 90% and 95% respectively will be
that close to the National Highway System, and
€b-
WHEREAS, funding for the National Highway System can be expected to
fund 250,000 jobs each year, and
WHEREAS, traffic congestion currently costs travelers about $1 billion
per year in lost productivity in each of the nation’s eight largest
metropolitan areas, and
WHEREAS, nearly 70% of the access roads to containcrized ports are
usually or always congested and so improvement of these roads will help
the country compete in the global economy, and
WHEREAS, the National Highway System will benefit all consumers,
reducing the cost of transporting goods and products, thereby producing
savings for us all, and
WHEREAS, the National Highway System is important to the nation’s
defense, including 15,500 miles of Strategic Highway Network identified
by the Department of Defense, and 2,000 miles providing access to 242
military bases, and
WHEREAS, the National Highway System brings $150.7 million in annual
federal-aid highway funding to the Commonwealth of Virginia, and
WHEREAS, this legislation will be beneficial to the nation, the
Commonwealth of Virginia and the County of Appomattox:
Now, therefore, be it resolved that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors supports and recommends passage of the National Highway
System by the United States Senate prior to the adjournment of the
103rd Congress.
VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Mr. Abernathy for an
appropriation from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund. Mrs. Beasley made
a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve an appropriation of
$1,003.00 from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund for the month of August