632
The other major change is in “Legislative Audit”, Department 1206 - There has been a
major change in audit requirements for local governments and non-profit entities , etc.
Basically, you have to do one of two things. You have to hire a Finance person, who is
a CPA that basically prepares the audit and then you hire a audit firm to come in an
audit what the finance person has already done. In meeting with Robinson, Farmer &
Cox last week, Ms. Belter, the School Administration, and Ms. Ferguson have
determined for the coming year they are going to try to hire another audit firm to do the
audit and then hire another audit firm to come in and review what they have done. This
is mandated by Law and there is nothing we can do about this. This Department budget
has doubled.
In the Commissioner of Revenue’s budget, if Land Use Assessment is enacted, you will
need to increase the salaries line as she has not put another employee in this budget.
We have been told that Land Use Assessment will take another full time employee to
administer the Land Use Program.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the re-assessment, the land cards, etc., in the
Commissioner's office are all going computerized.
The Electoral Board has requested to meet with the Board of Supervisors and Ms.
Ferguson has scheduled this to take place on April 2°. They want to talk about the
voting machines.
Ms. Belter has talked with Ms. Ferguson regarding the Law Library. These monies have
always been kept in a separate account and Ms. Belter has been writing the checks on
this account. She has suggested that this account to transferred to the general fund
and bills paid the same as other bills. This is the reason for this being in the budget,
there are no changes in these monies.
There was some discussion regarding the “Clerk, Circuit Court’. The increase in this
budget is pass through money.
Court Services Unit — this is a huge increase as every year we put $50,000 in this budget
and end up increasing it, so Ms. Ferguson put more in this year to see what happens.
She will discuss this with Judge Dunkum later this week. This is all county monies and
we do not get any back from anywhere.
Commonwealth Attorney - They have two (2) new positions funded by the State.
These positions have already been filled.
Witness/Advocate Grant — This is the grant for Mary Ann Freshwater’s position. If this
grant is going to cost us money, we will not re-new it. We have not had anyone in this
position for about a year. Ms. Freshwater has informed us that she will be returning to
work next Tuesday.
Most of the Grant Monies did not change as these are pass through funds.