664
There was some discussion regarding the Comprehensive Services Act and just what this
program does.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 15-23)
15. Landfill Compliance Inspection: Latest inspection by DEQ for the Landfill
Bailing facility.
16. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Board of
Directors meeting held on March 22, 2007.
17. Virginia Employment Commission: Letter to Mr. Carter explaining that there
is a plan to make changes in the structure of the VEC. Meetings have been
scheduled at various locations across the State to brief localities on the propose
changes.
18. Summary of Code Amendments: Proposed changes to the Subdivision
Ordinance and Zoning Ordinance. Public Hearing scheduled for May 21, 2007.
19. Proposed Biosolids Application for the Town of Appomattox:
Information from C. W. Swanson, P.E. to Mayor Wilson, concerning an
application by the Town of Appomattox for a permit to land apply biosolids or to
market the material.
20. United Way of Central Virginia: Quarterly report 2-1-1 Virginia of Central
Virginia’s Problems/Needs Inquires for the area.
21. 2007/2008 Conferences, Inc.: The NACO Conference is being held in
Richmond this year. If anyone is interested in participating in any way, please
notify Ms. Ferguson. Ann Dixon will be hosting one of the buses going to
Jamestown and she has been provided information concerning the brochures
that they will include in the registration bags.
22. Additional Holiday: The Governor has given all State employees a holiday on
May 3, 2007 due to activities in Richmond. To the employees that are not
located in Richmond, he is giving them a day to take when they choose. In
accordance with County policy I will be notifying the various department of the
Governor's action.
23. Appomattox County Public Schools: Monthly financial report for the month
of April for the school system.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carter would like to thank everyone for their phone calls, letters, etc.. since his
wife’s hospitalization and the death of his mother. He appreciates all the thoughts and
prayers.
Mr. Carter reminded everyone of the UPCOMING MEETINGS:
May 21, 2007 — Public Hearing @ 6:00 p.m.
Route 460 Corridor Management Study
Community Center