231
WHEREAS, these statistics clearly demonstrate a dramatic need for
increased awareness, coordination and education to stimulate action on
organ and tissue donations, and knowledge of transplantations before
the situation becomes even more critical;
WHEREAS, during its 1996 session, the Virginia General Assembly
established a joint House-Senate Study Committee to investigate ways t
increase the supply of vital donor organs for transplantation in the
Commonwealth of Virginia;
fe)
WHEREAS, Fairfax and Roanoke Counties have established volunteer
Commissions on Organ and Tissue Donation and Transplantation and are
urging other local governments to implement similar commissions;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors as follows:
(1) That the Board of Supervisors supports the formation of
a regional Commission on Organ and Tissue Donation and
Transplantation.
(2) That the Board of Supervisors encourages the localities in
the Region 2000 area to join with Lynchburg in creating a
regional Commission on Organ and Tissue Donation and
Transplantation.
(3) That it is intended that the Commission will be staffed and
funded through volunteer efforts.
(4) That the Clerk to the Board of Supervisors is directed to
forward copies of this resolution to the governing bodies
in the Region 2000 area requesting that (a) each local
governing body adopt a resolution to support the establish-
ment of a regional Commission on Organ and Tissue Donation
and Transplantation, (b) that each locality appoint a citizen
to serve on a regional task force to organize and design a
regional commission, bringing together the views, talents and
resources of interested citizens, and (c) directing that the
task force report back to the participating localities within
six months to present the task force’s recommendations.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request for a supplemental appropriation to
the Comprehensive Services Board.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate |
$1,560.94 to the Comprehensive Services Budget to pay bills for |
services. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a Line Item Transfer Request from Mrs. Ferguson
to pay for having Landfill Financial Assurance documents drafted.