135
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to grant an easement
to cross County property located at old Oakville School with power
line. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had anything further to discuss.
Mr. Torrence stated he was concerned with the traffic situation at the
Shoppes at Appomattox and felt the Board needed to continue to look
into this.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
request Virginia Department of Transportation do another traffic count
to see if a light is justified at the Shoppes at Appomattox. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained a motion was needed to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 7:40 p.m. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:05 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative paca
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freed
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
|
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of |
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.