245
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on May 5, 1997 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mr.
Moore to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the
minutes of the Public Hearings of April 7, 1997 and April 21, 1997; the
regular meeting of April 7, 1997 and the recessed meetings of April 21
1997 and April 28, 1997. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called upon Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT, Resident
Engineer, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by briefing the Board on several problems that had
been directed to her at previous meetings, and the action that had been
taken to correct these problems.
Ms. Lindsay then answered questions from Board members.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay, and
called Mr. Franklin Vaughan, President, Appomattox Chamber of Commerce
to appear before the board.
Mr. Vaughan came forward and explained that the ad in the travel guide
had generated an extreme amount of response. Mr. Vaughan continued
that in one month 396 requests for information had been received. Mr.
Vaughan explained this was wonderful, but had also created shortfalls
in postage, as well as brochures.
Mr. Vaughan asked if the Board would consider 1/2 funding again this
year toward the brochures and an additional allocation for postage of
$1,000.00 to $1,500.00 annually to meet the present demand for
information.
After further discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed
that as the needs arise, Mr. Vaughan was to let the Board know and
funds would be appropriated to help with postage and brochure expenses