528
On Monday, October 16, 2006 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held its regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Community
Center, located on Community Lane, (off 460 Business-East), Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation, after which he invited everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
3A. Approval of the Job Description for 911 Call Center
Tele-communicator
3B. Confirmation of Machinery & Tools Tax Rate
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
No one wished to speak at this time.
APPEARANCES:
Mr. Carter called Dr. Bill Gillespie to address the Board: Mr. Gillespie is meeting with
the Board to give a brief presentation on the proposed regional jail with Amherst,
Appomattox and the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority.
Dr. Gillespie appreciates the opportunity to address the Board. He would like to
congratulate Mr. Craft and Mr. Conrad who have been serving on an exploratory
committee for about five or six months. The committee has been looking at the
possibility of a Regional Jail Partnership with Amherst and the Blue Ridge Regional Jail
Authority. In 2003, Appomattox attempted to enter into a venture to replace the
existing jail and actually create a new regional jail system with Nelson County and
Amherst County.
Tonight he will give you a little background on what has transpired during the last three
(3) years, where we are now and where we expect to go within the next six (6) months.