107
At 7:00 p.m. on Monday, April 18, 2005, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission held a joint public hearing at the
Appomattox Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT: (Planning Commission)
Kevin O’Brien — Chairman
Steve Conner
Al Sears
Calvin Tanner
Jerry Hughes
Marvin Mitchell
Robert Johnson
Barry Morris
Shannon Dews
Bryan Baines
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John O. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing at the Appomattox Community Center. We will begin a
hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from
individuals to speak for and/or against the petition. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Spencer.
Mr. Spencer read the first petition:
05-552 — John H. & Merlyn M. Burks: Request to rezone 1.88 acres located
on Route 732 between Route 460 and the terminus of Route 732 from
Residential District R-1 to General Residential District R-2 in order to create an
additional building lot for a residential dwelling. The subject property is
identified as Tax Map #62(5)A.