513
Take care of the Rustburg to Appomattox waterline, recognizing that the money for this
is not needed immediately but would be layered in starting sometime next year and
done in two (2) parts.
Short-term financing - the reason for this is that cash flow wise, we know the project
will take a while to be built and at the same time we also know that we have got the
existing debt that the County is dropping quickly and we are trying to maximize the
layering in of all the new debt over the course of the next five (5) years as the existing
debt comes off your rolls. They wanted the Board to see how that would all look if we
do this. What would be the impact to the citizens, to the County and to the overall
general funds. They have also laid out some of the options but they took the worst
possible case. For the immediate needs — if we were to do this, we see less than 12 of 1
cent impact on the real estate taxes. Translated, they may need as little as eleven (11)
thousand additional dollars in the general fund in FY 2009 to take care of this need. To
incorporate also the roughly 4.7 million dollars for the needs of the waterline we see
that impact as possibly being from a little less than one (1) penny to about two (2)
pennies and that impact would be felt in 2012. What they are really saying is on our
worst case basis, you might have the equivalent impact of two (2) pennies in 2012.
This gives us basically about five (5) fiscal years to work in all the revenues to offset the
impact of the financing. Hopefully, this is the essence of this financing report.
Ms. Ferguson feels that the Board needs to have a work session schedule to discuss all
of these projects. Some of these project absolutely need to be done and some that can
be eliminated.
The Board will hold a work session at 6:00 p.m. on October 23, 2006 prior to the joint
meeting with the School Board.
Mr. Carter next presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 - 8)
1. Vote on Concord Water Line: The Board had previously set this date for
voting on undertaking the Concord water line project.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board was in place tonight to finalize the waterline topic for
Appomattox County. This subject has been around for thirty (30) plus years and it is
time to act. We have received studies, input from our citizens through public hearings,
EDA reports, Regional Reports and other informational sources in regards to water
availably and economic development requirements. We deem this is an opportunity VS
past, to make a conscientious decision whether to encourage growth and move forward
or continue down the same complacent path that we are currently traveling. The
decision that is made here tonight will have a heavy and dramatic impact on the future
of our citizens and county. We take full responsibility for our vote, knowing that
everyone will not be supportive. This is truly a vote for the future. Gentlemen, I will
ask each Supervisor to share his thoughts and visions for the county on this subject
prior to taking the vote.
Mr. Conrad: When he became a member of the Board about three (3) years ago, this
was a subject that was prevalent at that time. We have discussed it many times since.
Our knowledge has been that this is something that has been discussed by previous