10
This section of the agenda is non-action section of the meeting agenda which shall list all
matters that have come before the Board and that the Board has assigned to or referred to
one of its standing committees or staff for additional information or recommendation.
Adjournment of Meetings
Regular meetings of the Board shall adjourn no later than 10:30 p.m. If the Board desires
to extend the meeting, a motion unanimously adopted by the members present shall be
required. Any items not acted on prior to the 10:30 deadline shall be deferred to the next
regular meeting of the Board or adjourned.
SECTION F: RECONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS
At any meeting of the Board, when any vote upon any motion, resolution, ordinance or
question has been announced, it shall be in order for any member of the Board voting
with the prevailing side or who has not voted on the motion, resolution, ordinance or
question to offer a motion for reconsideration thereof during the same or succeeding
meeting.
SECTION G: CONDUCT OF THE PUBLIC
The efficient and dignified conduct of public business is the ultimate concern of the
Board. Accordingly, it is the policy of the Board that its meetings be conducted with the
highest degree of order and decorum. The Board’s integrity and dignity will be
established and maintained at all times during the conduct of public business, and the
Board will permit no behavior which is not in keeping with this policy. Prohibited
conduct at meetings shall include:
Campaigning for public office
Soliciting of funds
Promoting private business ventures
Using profanity, vulgar language or gestures
Using language which insults or demeans any person or which, when directed
at a public official or employee is not related to his official duties
Making non-germane or frivolous statements
Discussions of a sectarian or partisan nature
Smoking or eating in the Board Room
Addressing question or statements to anyone other than the Chairman
(Questions shall be presented to the Chairman, who will, at his discretion,
solicit a response from the appropriate board or staff member.)
10. Standing in the back or side isles of the Board Room as long as there are
sufficient seats available (except for law enforcement personnel).
11. Persons in attendance at the meeting addressing the Board while members of
the Board are considering any motion, resolution or ordinance preliminary to
vote on the same, except at the discretion of the Chairman.
12. Any persons addressing comments or questions to someone other than the
oe brCOND