288
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on August 18, 1997 at 7:30 p.m. in the Courthouse, Court House
Square, North court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present:
Russell H. Moore, Vice-Chairman- Piney Mountain District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Absent:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the
Messers. Earl Dickerson and Jeff Grubbs to appear before the Board.
Mr. Dickerson gave a
the HUWS composting system in operation.
Questions and answers followed Mr. Dickerson’s report.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Bosiger for Mr. Dickerson to actively pursue the stabilaite operation
with HERHOF, Inc. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore then asked
Mr. Carwile stated he felt there was a better way for the county to
deal with the leachate problem than what we are presently doing.
A lengthy discussion
discussed for handling leachate.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed for Mrs.
carter to purchase an additional 100’ of hose to see if this would
allieviate the pump problem at the leachate pond, prior to trying more
expensive measures.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Messers. Dickerson and Grubbs.
Mr. Moore then expla
to Mr. Lamm’s request for waiver of landfill fees.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Garrett, Mr. Lamn’s hauler, had been
weighed upon entering the landfill and he was also weighed upon exiting
the landfill. Therefore, Mrs. Ferguson stated she felt the weight in
question was correct
after discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was decided not to
make an adjustment on Mr. Lamm’s landfill bill.
recessed meeting to order at 7:34 p.m. and called
report on the site visit made to Canada to view
if there were further questions for Mr. Dickerson.
followed and several different options were
ined that Mrs. Ferguson had information pertaining