177
Mr. Conrad then turned his discussion to Item 5 — Youth Sports Donation. When
organizations request funds, we should look at requiring that they give us some
information regarding their assets. If they have funds in a bank account they are not
using, why come to us for a donation. Maybe we should have them file an application
expressing why this donation is needed. It is his understanding that this particular
group — Youth Sports — has a substantial amount of money in the bank. He further
stated he did not have any problem supporting organizations of this type when they run
out of money but he feels this $5,000.00 would be better off put into the Community
Park Fund.
Mr. Carter stated he agrees with this somewhat. He further stated that Appomattox
Youth Sports contributed approximately $68,000.00 several years ago, to the
Community Park.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to transfer the $5,000.00 from
Youth Sports Donation to the Community Park Fund. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
Mr. Conrad discussed an article in the County Connections (VACo publication) relative to
the Eminent Domain Authority upheld by the Supreme Court. He feels the County needs
to take a stand on how we feel about this decision.
Mr. Conrad also discussed what the intended uses are for the old Appomattox
Elementary School and if we wish it to be placed on the Historic Register. Also we need
to start thinking about how, if and when the Old Courthouse building will be used.
Mr. Craft stated he had some concern regarding the employees of the Landfill and the
amount of time they have invested in the Virginia Retirement System.
Mr. Armbrust stated that when the discussion first began regarding the new landfill cell,
we got lots of information and all these different figures from BFI, had engineers look at
the situation and we went with the best and cheapest route. Then people came in with
numbers that were different from what BFI had given us and now there is a debate.
Facts are facts and we had the best people look at this and there should be no debate.
The workers would have their jobs and we should do what is best for the taxpayers. We
need to get some cold hard facts.
Mr. Moore commented that this is not a case of us getting squeezed out because of the
lack of space. We have lots of land at the landfill area. This should also be taken into
consideration.
Mr. Carter gave an update on the Rescue Squad situation. There was a meeting
scheduled for July 13, 2005 but this had to be postponed. A new meeting date has not
been scheduled.