Add: Item 22 - Closed Session
Mr. Carter then called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance to the
citizen.
Having no one to speak at this time, Mr. Carter moved to the first item on the Agenda.
Diron Martin, Captain and Susan Walton, President, of the Appomattox
County Rescue Squad wish to address the Board regarding paid and volunteer rescue
squads.
Mr. Martin began by saying that in light of the recent events reported by the news
media he thought it appropriate that the Board of Supervisors be advised of the squads
status on these issues. After much discussion, the squad since 1961 has been all
volunteers and still is volunteers. If they have any say in the matter, it will remain all
volunteers. They do not see a need to charge people as our population is getting older
by the day, and most are on a fixed income. They do not need another service to pay
for. At this point, we do not see a need to start charging for services. The news media
stated that we have a 23 minute response time, that may be so. When you take into
consideration everything that has to go into that 23 minute response time, it is not as
bad as it sounds. We need to pursue a large public ad, a cooperative effort, either
monthly or weekly, to inform the people of the appropriate time to call 911. Nausea,
vomiting, and headaches, were things that people used to take care of themselves.
Today, everyone wants to call the rescue squad. We need to go back to the basics and
take these types of things back to the doctor's office. The rescue squad is being abused
— I use the term abused lightly — but the doctors offices and nursing homes use the
squad for everything. There are several options, they as a group, have discussed that
they would like to pursue with the cooperation of the Board in an informal setting with a
committee. They would like to entertain the idea of forming an informal committee so
they can sit down and discuss some of these ideas and maybe re-form the sub-
committee that was formed some years ago and have some understandings, because he
doesn’t think they have always been put in the right light. We really need a
communication line between the Board and the squad. He asks that if and when a Board
member receives a complaint about the squad, please call him, because if he does not
know there is a problem, he cannot fix it. In closing, he asks the Board to form a
committee of all the public safety departments and the Board to come up with a way to
educate the public on the appropriate use of the 911 system.
Mr. Carter suggested that they reconvene the sub-committee comprised of the Board,
the Town Council and Rescue Members. Ms. Ferguson will get back to Mr. Martin.
Mr. Carter stated that since the next scheduled speakers were not yet present, the
Board would move to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 4)
1. VDOT Revenue Sharing Program Resolution: We have been informed by
VDOT that the revenue sharing funds have been increased for the upcoming year
and they wish to know if we would like to request additional funding for a
specific project. After talking with Don Austin, it was determined that we should