671
Barry Watkins — Maintenance Supervisor
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and delivered the invocation,
followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter called for the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
4A — Resolution to Endorse Tobacco Grant Application
Mr. Craft stated he went to present Mrs. Robert Johnson a proclamation recognizing
Mr. Johnson for the number of years of service to the Town of Pamplin and the County
of Appomattox as a member of the Planning Commission, and she was very
appreciative.
Mr. Carter then called for CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENTS PERIOD: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
No one wished to speak at this time.
Since there were no scheduled appearances Mr. Carter moved to the
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. JetBroadband Fiber Optic Proposal: Staff has been working with
JetBroadband on a cost effective solution to our Internet needs within the
Courthouse Complex. JetBoardband has submitted a proposal that would:
e Install fiber optic lines into the E911 Center:
e Lease dark fiber that would link the Registrar and Reassessment Offices
with the Courthouse Complex network; and
e Provide 5 megabits of optical Internet Access on a 60-month contract.
Recommendation is to accept JetBroadband proposal based on a 60-month
contract term (subject to appropriation) at the installation and monthly service
costs listed in the proposal. Staff further recommends that this contract be
awarded as a Sole Source Procurement as outlined in an accompanying memo.
Mr. Spencer made a brief statement as to what the County needs to efficiently operate
the computer network in all the various departments and offices in the Courthouse
Complex.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to accept the proposal from
JetBoardband Fiber Optics on a 60 month contract for internet service to the County and
also to award this contract as a Sole Source Procurement. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1
absent)
2. Public Safety Director/911 Coordinator: Job description for Public Safety
Director/911 Coordinator for the Boards consideration.