662
1. Joint_Meeting Request: David Garrett, Town Manager is requesting a
meeting with Appomattox Town Council to have a roundtable discussion for
future water supply needs.
Recommendation is to contact the Town Manager to see if Council has made any
decision as to the direction that they propose to take to establish an alternate
water source for the Town of Appomattox and to find out the specifics of the
proposed agenda for this joint meeting.
Mr. Conrad stated that Town Council knows what our stand is and in what direction we
are going. Some effort needs to be made by a member of the Town Council to move
forward and adopt the system with the County. We should probably give them a chance
to make a move and come on board. We are not going to change our plans.
Mr. Armbrust feels the town needs to make a decision. We are moving forward and
they need to make a decision. We do not need to debate this issue further.
Mr. Conrad feels we need to give them every opportunity to work with us.
Mr. Craft feels that the majority of the Board feels we should give them the opportunity
to come on board. We know we are going to continue with the plan to develop the
water line and unless Town Council has changed and wants to join in this venture, there
is no need for further meetings.
Mr. Conrad commented that we need to avoid the public viewing this as we are
reconsidering our position.
Mr. Armbrust agrees.
Mr. Moore sees nothing wrong with dialog. We need to let them know where we stand
on this, but we should give them an opportunity to let us know what they are thinking
about.
Mr. Carter stated that when we reply to the Town Council it should be disseminated that
the County has voted on the direction it is going to travel and there is no new
information and there is no need to try to “reinvent the wheel”. We want a chance to
sit down and talk but they should know that we are not going to change our direction.
It was the consensus of the Board to have Ms. Ferguson notify Mr. Garrett of what
transpired tonight and state the stipulations for a joint meeting.
Mr. Carter called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 2-14)
2. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND APPROVALS:
3. Law Library Fund: Please appropriate by consent and approve the payment of
$543.68 from the Law Library Fund to pay enclosed bills.