048
Mr. Carwile continued that considering rabies and how rapidly it
spreads he would like to see the County have more control over dogs.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt from a humane angle just to allow
animals to continue to breed for their litter just to be picked up by
Animal Control to be fed and then killed at the expense of the County
was not the way. Mr. Carwile stated he felt there should be a better
way to handle this problem. He suggested that possibly a break in
license fees be given if an owner would spade or neuter their pets.
Mr. Carwile also stated that he felt kennel tags did not help with the
rabies, since a kennel tag covered numerous dogs not one specific dog.
Mr. Carwile requested the other Board members give these things some
thought and that the County Administrator check to see what other
localities do about this problem.
Mr. Torrence asked if the County Administrator could check with Mr.
Mays to see what revenue would be generated if the tax rate on the new
assessed values was $.50, $.51, $.52, etc.
Mr. Torrence also asked if the Board of Equalization was in place.
Mrs. Ferguson explained they all had been appointed and would be sworn
in and receive their training from the State, as soon as possible.
Mr. Paulette reminded the other Board members of the VACo/VML
Legislative day on February 15, 1996 and if anyone wished to attend to
let Mrs. Ferguson know.
Mr. Paulette mentioned the G.T.E. issue listed under information items,
and stated he had been approached by a citizen requesting the Board
support the proposed changes due to internet access among other :
services.
Mr. Paulette stated he felt the Board should make a positive statement
to the S.C.C. on this new proposal.
A lengthy discussion followed.
Mr. Torrence requested that Mrs. Ferguson obtain information sheets
from G.T.E. on the 933 and 248 exchanges.
Mr. Paulette recognized Mr. Bruce Cowen and Mr. Cowen requested the
Board pass a resolution supporting G.T.E.’s new proposed calling area.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has reviewed the
information provided by GTE in January, 1996; and