041
By consensus of the Board, it was agreed that Mr. Lawson should
research this for the County.
Mr. Paulette presented the Joint Enforcement of Vehicle Decal a eer
and the revision to Article V-Exemption of Elderly and Disabled Person
for Adoption.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the followin
ordinances:
ORDINANCE SECTION 168-19
WHEREAS, Virginia Code Section 46.2-752(K), as amended, allows the
governing bodies of any two or more counties, cities, or towns to ent
into compacts for the regional enforcement of local motor vehicle
license requirements; and
{0
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox has agreed to enter into a Compact
for the Enforcement of Vehicle Decal Ordinances to provide for the
enforcement of such local ordinances; and
WHEREAS, by resolution adopted earlier in this meeting, the Board of
Supervisors resolved to participate in said compact and authorized the
County Administrator to sign said compact on its behalf.
-
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox that the Code of the County of Appomattox is
hereby amended and reordained by the following added section, as
follows:
Appomattox County Compact for the enforcement of vehicle decals.
Pursuant to the Appomattox County Motor Vehicle License Tax:
(a) Any owner or operator of a motor vehicle who is required
to display a local motor vehicle license for that vehicle
by a participating jurisdiction must display such license
at all times which such vehicle is operated or parked
in the County of Appomattox.
(1) Any vehicle exempt in a participating jurisdiction
from imposition of the license tax or fee under
Virginia Code Section 46.2-755(A) is exempt from
this section.
(2) Any vehicle normally garaged, stored, or parked
in the County of Appomattox which is exempt from
imposition of the license tax or fee under any
County of Appomattox ordinance is exempt from
this section.
(b) A violation of this ordinance shall constitute a Class 4
misdemeanor.