33
On Tuesday, February 8, 2005, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
recessed meeting at 5:00 p.m. in the old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Court located on
the upper level of the County Administration Building on Morton Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad - Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Robert (Bobby) Wingfield — County E-911 Coordinator
Wayne Lewis — Wiley & Wilson
At 5:00 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to reconvene the
meeting recessed from Monday, February 7, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Lewis discussed the Construction Costs Estimate Summary for converting the Old
Clerk’s Office into the E-911 Emergency Center. He called specific attention to some
changes on the original summary given to the Board members.
There was some discussion regarding the use of a separate generator as opposed to
connecting to the generator at the new court house, the asbestos study done on the
Clerk’s Office building and the old Oakville School building, the number of employees on
each shift, etc.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve
the Construction Cost Estimate for the E-911 Emergency Center. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1
absent)
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that she had received confirmation from VDHCD that
we got the $25,000 Planning Grant. They will start releasing the money soon. We will
have to get the feasibility study done and look at the facility to see what will work best.
Also, there was some discussion regarding the problems with the lease between the
County and the Carver-Price Alumni Association on a portion of the old Elementary
School Building. We presented them with a lease of our terms and now they will come
back with what they can and cannot do and if we can make these adjustments. We can
say yea or nay to their conditions.
We also need to look into exactly how this building can be utilized and what is best for
the County.