55
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Board at this time. If not, the
Board would move to the first item on the Agenda.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Brian David, Amherst County Administrator and Cary Gill,
of Moseley Architects to address the Board regarding the proposed regional jail with
Amherst, Appomattox and Nelson counties.
Mr. David gave a brief recap of the project. Late in 2002-2003, he and the Board of
Supervisors of Amherst County, had a facilities planning session, planning those large
projects to meet the county's needs. They, quickly realized that the average daily
population in the jail was getting to the point where they seriously needed to figure out
their options for the future, one of which a regional jail. The reason a Regional Jail
Authority is so important is that the State will fund 50% of the capital costs for building
these facilities and also allocate certain Compensation Board positions to staff these
jails. The alternatives are doing nothing or having an independent jail, such as Amherst
and Appomattox presently have. They, Amherst, Appomattox and Nelson Counties, have
been successful in receiving an exception from the 2004 General Assembly to pursue
this effort as a Regional Authority. To the best of his knowledge, the General Assembly
has not granted this exception to any other small, independent jails to seek funding. No
formal action has been taken on this as yet.
The Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority has agreed to work with Amherst, Nelson and
Appomattox in the conception and operation of this new jail authority.
Mr. Gill gave a slide presentation on the Planning Study done on the projected
population increases for Amherst, Nelson and Appomattox Counties, as well as the
projected increase in inmate populations. Mr. Gill also presented facts and figures on
the space needed in the new facility. He also presented some of the building options
available and the impact a new facility in Amherst would have on the town and
surrounding community.
Mr. David asked if there were any questions or comments.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:22 p.m., Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting and presented the
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 - 10)
1. Road Viewer Appointment: Mr. Craft has spoken with Mr. Donald Pullium and
he has agreed to serve as a road viewer for the 2005 year.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Mr. Donald Pullium, Mr.
Allen Torrence and Mr. Claude A. Moore to serve as road viewers for the 2005 year.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)