9
e Order of speakers will be determined on first to register, first to speak basis.
e Registration will be taken by County staff and will be submitted on the
registration form provided, which will include the name, address and election
district of the speaker.
e Speakers will be limited to a presentation of their points of view except that the
Chairman may entertain questions of clarification.
e Debate is prohibited.
e All comments will be directed to the Board of Supervisors as body.
e Decorum will be maintained. This includes a common courtesy from the
audience, the staff and Board to the speaker and from the speaker to the audience,
the Board and the staff. Statements, which are demeaning or inappropriate, shall
be ruled out of order.
e In the event of a large number of speakers resulting in the continuation of the
hearing, any persons not heard at the initial Public Hearing will be the first to
speak at the continued hearing.
e Speakers are requested to leave written statements and/or comments with the
County Administrator.
e The Board shall have the discretion to act on a matter appearing on a public
hearing: or the Board, by majority vote, may defer the matter to the next regular
meeting of the Board. It shall be the policy of the Board to leave the record open
to receive written comments following a public hearing up until the time that a
vote is taken.
Board Comments
This time is generally used for individual Board members to share information with other
members of the Board and public. Items presented under this heading requiring action
will be for a future meeting agenda or to request additional information from staff
members. No item presented under this heading shall be acted upon at the meeting at
which the item is presented unless it is the unanimous consensus of the Board that the
item be put on the floor for action. Prior to the agenda being prepared, members of the
Board are encouraged to contact the County Administrator and have an item included
under this heading. The County Administrator shall prepare a memorandum that will
inform other members of the Board of the particulars pertaining to this matter.
Pending Matters