62
grants from the State of Federal governments requiring no local match or grants for which the
Board has previously approved the local match, and items that have received prior unanimous
approval of the Board.
There shall be no debate or discussion by any member of the Board or the public regarding any item on the
Consent Agenda, beyond asking questions for simple clarification.
Any item on the Consent Agenda shall be removed from the Consent Agenda at the request of any Board
member prior to the vote on the Consent Agenda. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be
considered by the Board individually in the order in which they were removed from the Consent Agenda
immediately following consideration of the Consent Agenda.
Approval of the motion to approve the Consent Agenda shall constitute approval, adoption, or enactment of
each motion, resolution ordinance, or other item of business thereon, exactly as if each had been acted upon
individually.
Citizen Comment Period
At each regular meeting of the Board, the board shall set aside at the beginning of each Board session a
citizens’ comment period. During the citizen’s comment period, speakers wishing to address the Board
shall clearly state their name and address. Speakers may not speak on the public hearing calendar for the
day. No individual citizen shall be permitted to address the Board for more than three (3) minutes.
Individuals who have previously spoken on a subject at a public hearing shall not be allowed to readdress
the Board during the citizens comment period. Specific questions should be resolved prior to the meeting
by contacting a Board member or the appropriate staff member. Questions shall be directed to the
Chairman, who will, at his/her discretion, solicit the response from the appropriate person.
Public Appearances
Any citizen may request to appear before the Board at any regular Board meeting no more than four times
per year and no more than once within a three month period. Speakers shall be limited to speaking on the
same subject not more than three times within any 12 month period. Speakers who wish to address matters
which have previously been addressed at a public hearing under public appearances shall not be allowed to
request to appear before the Board nor shall they be allowed to readdress the Board on the subject of the
public hearing. Specific questions should be resolved prior to the meeting by contacting a Board member
or the appropriate staff person. Questions shall be directed to the Chairman, who will, at his/her discretion,
solicit the response from the appropriate person. Requests to appear before the Board shall be directed to
the Clerk of the Board. When requesting time to appear on the agenda, the requestor shall give the Clerk a
description of what the topic will be, the speaker’s full legal name and address (including street name and
zip code), and home and business phone numbers, if applicable, shall be required. Speakers must speak on
the subject identified when registering to appear before the Board and failure to stay on the topic will be
deemed to render the speaker out of order and will result in forfeiture of the remaining time that had been
allotted to the speaker. Thirty minutes will be allotted on the agenda for public appearances. Each speaker
will be allotted fifteen minutes unless there are more than two-speakers; in which event, each speaker will
be subject to such time limitations as the chairman may equitably impose.
Each speaker addressing the Board shall step up to the microphone in front of the podium, shall give his
name and address in an audible tone of voice for the record. All remarks shall be addressed to the Board
and not to any member thereof.
Any person speaking before the Board who represents himself as being an officer of or representing an
organization, group, association, corporation, or other entity not generally known to the Board shall, upon
request by any member of the Board, disclose for the organization, the history, size, structure, date of