487
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to appoint
Fred Kruschwitz, Blair Smith, Samuel Webber, Michael Barney and Robert C. Stephens to
the Building Code Board of Appeals and the Fire Code Board of Appeals. Terms of
service were not decided. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Social Services Board Appointment: Judith Covington has resigned her seat
on the Social Services Board effective after the August meeting of that Body. At
the August 7, 2006 board meeting it was decided that Mr. Carter and Mr. Conrad
were to return to the August 21, 2006 meeting and submit a name to the board
for acceptance.
Mr. Carter stated he and Mr. Conrad had not been able to get together as yet and asked
that this be tabled until the next Board meeting.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to table this appointment until the
September 5, 2006 meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Sheriff's Department Unused Sick Leave Request: Sheriff Staples has
requested that the reimbursement policy for unused sick leave by retirees of the
Appomattox County Sheriff's Department be increased from $2,500 to $5,000.
This would follow a recent change by the Virginia State Police.
A discussion centered around the fact that we in the past have followed the guidelines
set forth by the Virginia State Police and this will not effect a large number of retirees.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the request to change
the reimbursement policy for the Sheriffs Department for unused sick leave by retirees
of the Appomattox County Sheriffs Department be increased from $2,500 to $5,000.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. AppomattoxCounty Historical Society: The Board has received a request
from the Appomattox County Historical Society requesting the use of Courtland
Field on Saturday, September 20, 2006, for a fund raiser yard sale type of event.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the Appomattox County
Historical Society the use of Courtland Field on Saturday, September 20, 2006 provided
they provide the county with proof of insurance prior to that date. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5 — 13)
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of the August 7, 2006 meeting.
6. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.