261
1. Carver-Price Legacy Museum:
Ms. Ora McCoy, Board Chairperson for the Carver-Price Alumni Association, Inc.
has written requesting that the Board apply for listing for the Carver-Price School
on the State and National Registry of Historic Places.
Ms. Ferguson stated that they have held several design sessions where all parties
involved have gotten together and stated what area they would like to have. The
architects have put all of these into prospective and have drawn a diagram- included in
your last Board Book. After talking with the people from Richmond we learned that if
any funding goes into a project, or a building, that certain structural/aesthetics have to
be kept, i.e. certain molding, windows, etc. that cannot be replaced. The Board has
determined that it is not in our best interest to have this designation done at this time.
Mr. Conrad stated that we cannot afford to have this designation if we wish to have
other interested parties come into the building as they would need to be able to change
things to suit their needs and requirements.
We wholehearted support the efforts of the Carver-Price Alumni Association and need to
write Ms. McCoy to see if she can get the original part of the building designated
separately.
2. Planning Commission Action from the November 21, 2005 Public
Hearing:
Petition #05-558, James Womack — Mr. Womack is requesting a conditional
use permit to allow the sale of utility trailers on Richmond Highway (Route 460)
between Mountain Cut Road (Route 695) and Old Evergreen Road (Route 630).
The subject property, identified as Tax Map Number 90(A)5, is 4.47 acres in size
and is zoned Agricultural District A-1.
The Planning Commission has recommended that petition #05-558 of James
Womack be approved as submitted.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to accept the Planning Commission
recommendation to approve the following:
Petition #05-558, James Womack — Mr. Womack is requesting a conditional use
permit to allow the sale of utility trailers on Richmond Highway (Route 460) between
Mountain Cut Road (Route 695) and Old Evergreen Road (Route 630). The subject
property, identified as Tax Map Number 90(A)5, is 4.47 acres in size and is zoned
Agricultural District A-1.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
CONSENT AGENDA:
3. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
4. Board of Supervisors: