010
Mr. Austin stated the Board of Supervisors had the right to condemn the
property.
Discussion followed. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley stated that she
and Mrs. Ferguson would talk with Mr. Kress about donating this section
of right-of-way on Route 622.
Mr. Torrence next asked the status of road improvements on "Frogbottom"
in Pamplin. He explained he had contacted the property owners and felt
the right-of-way may be obtainable at this time. Mr. Torrence asked if
Mr. Austin would have the right-of-way staked so the property owners
could see what would be required for them to donate.
Mr. Austin stated he would take care of having the right-of-way staked.
Mr. Torrence next asked Mrs. Ferguson if she had received any
information of Route 701.
Mrs. Ferguson explained she had spoken with Mr. Jon Montgomery and he
was presently working with the Highway Department to resolve this
matter.
Mrs. Beasley stated that the shoulder of the road on Route 691 needs
building up.
Mr. Austin stated he would look into this.
Mr. Carwile asked about a ditch on Patricia Ann Lane that was
excessively deep.
Mrs. Ferguson stated she had spoken with Ms. Lindsay about this ditch
and Ms. Lindsay had explained, if the ditch was necessary for drainage
there was very little that could be done to alleviate this problem.
Mr. Austin said he would check on this also.
Being nothing further for Mr. Austin, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
hin.
Mr. Paulette next called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile mentioned an article that was printed in the News and
Advance on October 25, 1995 concerning B & W diluting uranium. Mr.
Carwile stated he felt the Board should keep an eye on this project due
to the County’s proximity to B & W.
Mr. Carwile next stated that he had received complaints concerning the
placement of a recycling dumpster on property owned by James Bohannon
located on Route 460. Mr. Carwile continued that he had no problem
with the dumpster remaining at this location until needed elsewhere,
but he felt the container should be moved to the opposite side of the
lot in order to correct the complaints from neighbors.