484
member(s) creates a strategic void. This was the sole purpose of conducting the
meeting last week for the Council to appoint their member(s) that would enable this
Team to initiate their fact finding study. Again, I want to emphasize the importance of
having this joint “United Team” that should be working collectively for a common goal.
Time is of the essence for this team to start collecting data in order for the Board and
Town Council to let Campbell County know our intentions of using this water line or not.
Our feedback to Campbell County is on a critical path, as they need to start pursuing the
work scope of sizing and purchasing the water line sub-components from Rustburg.
Now that we have lost another week and the Town not meeting until August 14” has
limited the time factor even more. Therefore, the county will start the communication
channel with Campbell County immediately and if the Town Council desires to become a
partner, the door is always open to them. This project has always been a joint effort
and it should continue as a joint “unified” team representing Appomattox.
We must move forward collectively to serve our citizens and provide the necessary
essentials for Appomattox’s place in the future. We have read in our newspapers and
heard over the airwaves words that haven’t been so nice. The only response I give to
this articulation of words is “We are doing our best and we will always do our best, very
best”. Simply put, we are going to collect the best information that is available
regardless of the negative feedback that is produced from a guessing game.
When all the facts have been gathered, we will then communicate these findings to our
citizens through public hearings/comment sessions, local newspapers, and other
channels that are linked to the county. I’m asking that we all strengthen our willingness
to work together and strive to up-lift our community.”
Thank you.
UPCOMING MEETRINGS
August 21, 2006 @ 6:30 p.m.
Regular Scheduled Meeting
Community Center
September 5, 2006 @ 6:30 p.m.
Regular Scheduled Meeting
Community Center
At 7:24 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes - 1
absent)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman