499
about any one subject, and because you do not have representation, we are extending
the time limit to give everyone an opportunity to express themselves.
Mr. Howard Gregory: He appreciates the latitude the Board has granted in extending
the time period for comments. He also appreciates the research the other speakers
have put into this problem. He agrees with everything that has previously been stated
and he feels this is a gross injustice and he asks that they, the residents of Walton
Place, be treated according to the rules as other folks. He takes a lot of pride in living in
Appomattox County and would appreciate any assistance the Board can render in this
particular situation.
Dr. Betty Siano: This is the very point she has tried to make for the last two years, if
we have a public service authority, we will be in the same boat. We have these men as
representatives and they are all good, honorable men. If we allow Region 2000 to
persuade the Board to go into a public service authority, you won’t even have them to
speak to. The public service authority would have public domain, we would have no
representatives, but this is still a democracy. This is still our country. We still need
these type of representatives, where we can come up and pour our hearts out to you
and you will listen to us, whether it be the County or Town. We don’t need a public
service authority, we don’t need anything else but our own representatives that we can
complain to, nag and everything else, but they are OUR representatives. I want to
apologize the each and every one of them.
Mr. Carter thanked each and everyone that has spoken on this subject which is dear and
close to your hearts and pocketbooks. We will make an effort to converse with Town
Council about this subject. None of us know what the outcome will be, but we can only
relay to them your concerns and the concerns that we have as Board Members and
representatives of the County.
Mr. Overstreet: He can sympathize with these people and he has taken some notes.
It may take some time for him to analyze them and he has some thoughts on it, but he
is not sure he is the person to do this. When he was County Attorney for Bedford
County, the Town wanted to put some wells in the County, they filed a suit prohibiting
them for doing this, the Supreme Count appointed, according to statute, a three (3)
judge panel, who came down to Bedford and listened to two (2) days testimony. He
wrote a 40 page brief and received after that, an opinion that was about two (2)
sentences long that said they were granting the Town the authority to put the wells in.
That is his experience in dealing with wells. He would like to say that we are a Dillon
Rule State, and our County only has those authorities given to us by State Code. We
are a creature of State Government and whatever they dane to give us, we have. This
frustrates Counties.
Some very good comments were made with regard to Cable Television. There is a
statue on that allows communities to franchise and that is where you get control of
these people. You still have trouble controlling the rates, but you can do other things to
try to have some leverage.