570
On Wednesday, January 3, 2007, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
Annual Organizational Meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community
Center, located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 Ms. Ferguson called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to deliver the
invocation followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
This being the Organizational Meeting, Ms. Ferguson stated the first order of business
was the nominations for Board Chairman and the election of Vice-Chairman.
Ms. Ferguson then called for nominations for the Board Chair person for the year 2007.
Mr. Moore nominated Samuel Carter. He stated Mr. Carter had done such a nice job for
the past year and with the experience he has had he would do an excellent job.
Mr. Craft seconded the nomination of Mr. Carter for Board Chairman.
Ms. Ferguson asked if there were any other nominations for Board Chairman.
Mr. Conrad stated he did not have another nomination, but during the past years he has
seen where this Board made some changes and part of these changes were due to the
fact that we have a gentleman, in Mr. Carter, who will do a great job in leadership as
Chairman. He also feels the Board is moving in the right direction.
Ms. Ferguson after hearing no other nominations, closed the nomination process and
called for a vote on the nomination for Mr. Samuel Carter to serve as Chairman of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors for the year 2007. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. Mr. Carter
abstained. (4 aye - 1 abstention)
Ms. Ferguson then turned the meeting over to Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter stated he appreciated the kind remarks that his fellow board members have
made and it is a pure joy working with this Board in the decisions and deliberations that
we have to go through. A lot of times they are not pleasant decisions that they have to