474
requesting a Conditional Use Permit to allow a new telecommunications facility on
Evergreen Avenue (Route 1002) between Red House Road (Route 727) and Redfields
Road (Route 635). Subject property is identified as Tax Map #76(A)68 containing
approximately 4.23 acres, and is zoned A-1, Agricultural District.
Mr. Roark stated that there were representatives present from both U. S. Cellular and
the FFA Alumni Association to address the Board.
Steven Waller, U. S. Cellular —- The purpose of this site is to expand our coverage to
Appomattox County and also to allow some relief to other sites already in the county.
This site would be adding additional areas for three (3) providers. He will be happy to
answer any questions that the Board has.
Billy Perrow — FFA Alumni Association — Their organization sees this as an
opportunity to help a lot of students, children and members of the community. They are
an organization that is designed solely for the purpose of ‘promoting the FFA,
Agricultural and Tech activities. Funds that this organization potentially would receive
would definitely go to all types of activities and support this land lab that has been there
for a number of years and would help develop it into a place that we would dream
about. It would help scholarships for students. It would provide travel for students to
all types of activities and events. This would be a great benefit to their organization and
would probably be one of the least intrusive infrastructures that you could have in the
community. No sound, no noise, no congregation of people and would be an item that
would provide some needs to the community from a technical point of view. The Alumni
Association appreciates the Board’s favorable approval of this at all possible.
Mr. Roark asked if there was anyone else who wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Hearing none, he asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Roark moved to the next petition:
CUP06008 — Raymond A. Mirra, Jr. and Gigi Jordan, Stone Ridge Road (Route
721), Appomattox, VA: The applicants are requesting a Conditional Use Permit to
allow for a private club on Stone Ridge Road (Route 721) from Turner Mountain Road
(Route 671) and Dreaming Creek Road (Route 605). Subject property is identified as
Tax Map #s 23(A)5; 23(A)5B; 23(1)6A and 23(1)6B. Total acreage is approximately
1,039.23 acres and is zoned A-1 Agricultural District.
Ms. Vivian Seay, Attorney-at-Law, Appomattox, VA -representing Mr. Mirra
and Ms. Jordan: The idea of this request is for the property which is in existence at
present. Much more property surrounding this particular acreage belongs to the
applicants so this petition does not encompass property all the way to edge of the
property bordering neighboring properties. This property is currently used as Mr. Mirra’s
residence but in addition to that he has quite a few colleagues, business associates,
come to the property. He would also like to open the property up for rentals, not in the
customary sense, but in a membership or private membership type of situation. This
would not be on a daily coming and going basis. They anticipate members staying for a
longer period of time, such as a week or longer such as a corporation retreat, etc. They