584
our natural resources. There are four categories in land use assessment — Agricultural,
Horticultural, Forest and Open Space. We are mainly focused on agricultural and forest.
The fair market value is basically what we have now, what the current assessment is.
There are several things that go into calculating Use Value. The calculated value of a
parcel of land when it is restricted to certain uses, such as agriculture. Because it has
been restricted, there is a lower value for the purpose of agriculture or forest
management.
At the County level, the Commissioner of Revenue, is in charge of land use program.
The Code of Virginia establishes that “SLEAC” which you will hear a lot when we talk
about land use. This stands for the State committee that works on the land use
program and comes up with values and defines the requirements for participation in the
program for each jurisdiction.
The Land Use Program also has a website that can be visited containing all the values
listed, articles on land use and a lot of other information if you have questions.
There are certain qualifications that land has to meet to be eligible for the land use
program. Land use is a voluntary program. It is adopted by the County Board of
Supervisors and is administered by the Commissioner of Revenue. Land owners can opt
to “not participate”. There is usually about a 50% participation.
The qualifications on Agriculture, Horticulture and Open Spaces is a minimum of five
(5) acres. There is a twenty (20) acre minimum on Forested Land. Along with this
minimum acreage, you have to have a history of five (5) years of production on
Agricultural land so it cannot just be five (5) acres of broom sage and pine trees. It has
to be in production — same thing with forested land. Counties can vary their restrictions
on this. Most counties use a signed affidavit from the land owner that it is dedicated to
forest management. Some counties are stricter and require a forest management plan
which can be pretty involved. To continue in a land use program, there should not be
any changes. There is a “rollback” tax that is assessed when the land use changes or
land is rezoned. This is the difference between the fair market assessment value and
the land value, plus interest. If the property is sold, the new owner has to make
application to enroll this property in the program.
Some counties have someone employed to monitor the land that is placed in the
program. Most do not.
The Application fee is generally set by the locality. If you have any questions, you can
contact Tom Morrelli, State Tax Commissioner.
Mr. Campbell presented some statistics for Appomattox County based on the 2002 U. S.
Agriculture Census. The county had almost seven (7) million dollars in total sales. The
top commodities in Appomattox are tobacco, cattle, hay and wheat. The biggest sales
receipts are from livestock. We have about 85,000 acres of farmland with the average
farm being 218 acres. From the forestry standpoint, total forested area is over 147,000
acres with about two (2) million dollars in timber sales in 2001.