192
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
ABSENT: Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr., Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation, after which everyone gave the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
9A. Adopting the Memorandum of Understanding with Central Virginia Community
Services Board.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comments Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizens. Anyone wishing to address the Board should come forward,
state their name and address for the record. Speakers may not speak on items on the
public hearing calendar for the day and no individual citizen will be allowed to address
the Board for longer than three (3) minutes.
Mr. William A. Burke, came forward, gave his address as Route 5, Box 459,
Appomattox, VA. Mr. Burke stated he had been a citizen of the County since 1945.
He did not realize he would be the first to speak tonight, but does appreciate being
allowed to speak. The President of the Chamber of Commerce is scheduled to speak to
the Board tonight on a very controversial subject. He would like to make a few
comments on asking the Board of Supervisors to publicly endorse the Chambers efforts
to get a referendum signed for the November election of “Liquor by the Drink”. He
knows that a lot of decisions we have to make every day cannot be “peaches and
cream”. He has to make them in his business every day and a lot of people may no
agree with him, and you as politicians have to do the same. All we are asking for is an
endorsement of this, so we can get it on the ballot. Every committee he has served on
with the Chamber, Town and County concerning tourism, this subject has come up and
you cannot keep pushing it aside. Sooner are later it has to come to a head. Let the
people decide. Let them go to the voting booth and vote Yes or No. The number one
industry in our County today is tourism. People visiting our Historical Park do not stay
here, they go to Farmville or Lynchburg to spend the night and eat the majority of their
meals where they have liquor by the drink. We need to capitalize on this money.
Mr. Richard Dean Gallier, of Route 5, Box 410, Appomattox came forward and
stated that on Thursday night he had a incident at his home over a dog. When he
arrived home in the early afternoon, there was a dog in his shop. It lunged at him,
causing him to fall. He called the Sheriff's Office to see if they could send the dog
warden to his home. The dog warden gets off at 4:30 p.m. and it is his understanding
that he does not take calls after 4:30 p.m. He biggest concern is that this dog tore his