3. Country Haven Estates Funding Request: Phillip T. Jones, President of
Country Haven Estates Home Owner's Association, is requesting 100% funding
on the next section of Chestnut Mountain Road. They have been receiving 50%
funding from the State and they have been paying 50% from the Home Owner’s
Association. Staff recommends forwarding this request to VDOT for
consideration and to see if it qualifies for 100% funding from the State.
Mr. Craft recommended that we forward this to VDOT and let them make a decision on
this request.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to forward the request from Mr.
Jones, Country Haven Estate Home Owner's Association to receive 100% funding for the
next section of Chestnut Mountain Road. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Request for Speed Reduction on Pumping Station Road: At the regular
meeting held on June 5, 2006, a request was made that the speed limit on
Pumping Station Road be reduced to 45 MPH. The request was forwarded to
VDOT for consideration.
Mr. Conrad stated he appreciates the effort Ms. Ferguson made on this request. He
disagrees with the results of this evaluation based on the amount of construction going
on right now. There is a lot of traffic on this road and they are saying the sight
distances are such that you can see far enough away that it shouldn’t create much of a
hazard but nevertheless, it has become semi-residential and residential areas are 25
MPH and yet they are saying that the speed samples obtained would indicate that the
85" percentile speeds for this section of roadway is 57 MPH. For the people who live
around there they are just not satisfied with vehicle going fast and weaving in and out
of traffic. Based on what VDOT did, we have to accept their findings and he will pass
this along to the people who have requested this change in speed.
Mr. Carter stated that we can request the local State Police headquarters to monitor that
traffic on Route 691.
5. Lynch Regional_Air Funding Request: Rex Hammond recently
gave a presentation concerning funding for the Lynchburg Regional Airport.
They have written a letter requesting that the County pledge $3,292.00 in the
FY07 budget to help restore the link to Dulles.
Mr. Craft asked the question of just how many people from Appomattox would fly to
Washington D. C. The only people he knew of that might use this flight on a regular
basis would be personnel from Thomasville.. Mr. Carter stated that he has talked with
several people from Thomasville and was surprised to hear that they do utilize the
Lynchburg Airport a great deal.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Carter suggested that we hold this request for the next
budget year FY08.