547
and note any comments you may have in order that they can be reported to
VACo.
Mr. Conrad supports the change to the Dillon Rule: The General Assembly should enact
legislation that is similar to other states that have given counties, cities and towns
greater local autonomy, particularly concerning land use regulation and local revenue
measures, an should therefore relax the Dillon Rule.
Mr. Overstreet stated that in some situations like Northern Virginia, if you have zoning
which is controlled by the locality and the zoning gets out of whack, so you have sub-
divisions everywhere in the county and you need roads in order to get to them, you go
to the State Government and ask for funding for the roads, this seems to him to be an
issue. If you want to allow that type of development, maybe you should also foot the
bill for the roads.
Mr. Carter stated his favorite is “Unfunded Mandates”. He does not know how long we
have been screaming about getting funded for state mandates that are put upon the
locality — if they want something — pay for it. It looks that this is falling on “deaf” ears
to some extent. However, he does not see any relief in sight.
10A. Acceptance of a Conveyance of Real Estate:
Ms. Ferguson remarked that some property was donated to the County some
time ago, specifically a committee that was appointed by the Board of
Supervisors, for public purposes and to be sold and the proceeds be used to help
the Community Park Committee. Without belaboring it too much, a county
employee signed the deed transferring the property as a member of the
Committee. Because of that, during a title search some issues came up. Mr.
Overstreet will elaborate.
Mr. Overstreet explained that this was a gift in 2003 to Appomattox County
Community Park Committee. The deed was a gift for recreational purposes. The
County sold the property and it has now changed hands again and during the
title examination, a question has arisen. The original deed of gift, was conveyed
to the Appomattox County Community Park Committee and there is actually such
a committee appointed by the Board of Supervisors. (An agency of the County).
This Committee, however, does not have the authority to hold title to real estate,
it has to be conveyed to the County or the Board of Supervisors. He is trying to
get this title straight. The Code of Virginia says “the Board has to take action to
accept any real estate before it is conveyed to the Board”. Also the deed has to
be approved by the County Attorney, otherwise there is a question of validity. He
is having to go back and redo this “Deed of Gift” as a “Deed of Correction” and
get the title to the County. Then we would go forward in conveying this to the
people who purchased it from the Committee. In order to do this, the Board has
to have a Public Hearing before it can convey real estate. He is asking the Board
to hold this Public Hearing and to affirm the conveyance that has already taken
place.