495
have coming up that would make it necessary for us to meet with the Town
Council at this time.
Staff recommends canceling this meeting unless the Board knows of something
that we need to discuss.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to cancel the meeting with Town
Council scheduled for Monday, September 11, 2006 as there is nothing pending that
needs to be discussed. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Concord Water Line Extension: We have received a letter from David
Laurell, County Administrator for Campbell County. Mr. Laurell has explained
that Campbell County will need a resolution from the Board of Supervisors by
September 15, 2006 stating whether we wish to purchase water from Campbell
County. We will then need to provide proof of financing by December 1.
Staff recommends scheduling a meeting for the week of September 11TM to make
a final decision on whether Appomattox County will participate in this project.
After some discussion, the Board agreed to schedule a meeting on Tuesday, September
12, 2006 at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center.
5. Dam Problems in Appomattox County: The Robert E. Lee Soil and Water
Conservation District writes concerning dams that are located in Appomattox
County and problems that exist with these structures. Mr. Michael J. Russell,
Chairman, has offered to come and explain these concerns to the Board.
Staff recommends scheduling Mr. Russell to appear before the Board to discuss
the problems with the three (3) dams that are located in Appomattox County.
It was the consensus of the Board to invite Mr. Michael J. Russell of the Robert E. Lee
Soil and Water Conservation District to attend the meeting to be held on September 18,
2006.
6. Request for use of Courthouse Square during Railroad Fesitval: The
Appomattox County Historical Society is asking for permission to use an area in
front of the museum on Railroad Festival week-end to raise funds for the
Historical Society. We have not received a request from the Festival Board, as of
today, for use of this area.
Staff recommends allowing the Appomattox County Historical Society the use of
part of Courthouse Square on Railroad Festival Weekend.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to allow the Appomattox County
Historical Society the use of a part of Courthouse Square on Railroad Festival Weekend.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)