235
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on April 7, 1997 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mr.
Carwile to give the invocation.
Mr. Paulette next called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Torrence noted several corrections to the minutes of March 24, 199
page "0". Also, March 31, 1997 page "P" and "Q" corrections were noted.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
minutes of a joint work session March 1, 1997; the regular meeting of
March 3, 1997; the recessed meetings of March 10, 1997, March 17, 1997
March 24, 1997, March 31, 1997; and a joint public hearing of March 17
1997; as corrected. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT, Resident Engineer
to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay asked if any Board member had questions for her.
Ms. Lindsay answered several questions of Board members.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Paulette next recognized a group of Boy Scouts and their leaders
and thanked them for attending the meeting.
Mr. Paulette then called for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Carwile mentioned the access to the new post office.
Discussion followed as to the pro’s and con’s of bringing an access
road out on Ferguson Street.
Mr. Torrence stated he felt the access should come out at the stoplight
at the Dairy Queen.
Mr. Torrence also stated he felt the Board should look into a street
across from Morton Lane to intersect with Atwood Street.