200
Mr. Carter further stated that anyone that wished to participate was encouraged to do
so. They should come forward, state their name and address for the record.
He then turned the meeting over to David Garrett, Town Manager.
Mr. Garrett presented the Town Zoning map stating that he had taken the map done in
1989, which was not considered to be user friendly, revised and digitalized the tax map
parcel for the County, overlaid that with the ariel photography and colored accordingly
to the 1989 revision. There were more than 25 parcels affected, a lot of areas of split
Zoning (A-1 & A-2) running through someone's property. They followed the property
lines to eliminate this. Each parcel now has only one zoning code. No parcels had a
complete zoning change. It has all been computerized so each parcel can be pulled up
with the information as to the property owner, etc.
Mr. Garrett asked if there were any public comments.
Mr. Carter asked if the owners were notified prior to the changes being put into effect.
Mr. Garrett stated according to the State Code, if there were more than 25 parcels
involved the best way to notify the public is to advertise a public hearing in a local
newspaper for two weeks. The Planning Commission would then review this and
present its recommendations to the Board of Supervisors and the Town Council.
Question was asked if someone did not read the newspaper or wasn’t notified regarding
the change, still thinking it was either or, is there any way they can come back to have
this corrected, or would they have to go through the whole process.
Mr. Garrett explained that they would have to apply for a re-zoning.
Mr. Carter called for other comments or questions. There were no public comments
received.
At 7:07 Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Sarad2 Carts,
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, August 22, 2005, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a work
session at 6:30 p.m. in the Old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Courtroom located on
Morton Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District