526
increase if pretty tight. At a time when we are trying to get new businesses to locate in
the County and the industrial park, this is not good. His little business has a payroll of
about one million dollars and that includes about twenty (20) employees. These people
are putting money back into the local economy. He cannot pass a 31% increase on to
his customers. This may also mean he will not be able to purchase any new equipment
for his business. He thinks this is a ridiculous increase in taxes for one year.
Claude A. Moore, owner of Moore’s Machine Corporation: He agrees with what
Mr. Burke has just said. A 31% increase is absorbed. He has about a % million dollar
payroll — three (3) apprentices. As soon as these employees get this apprenticeship
completed, they are grabbed up by another company earning more money. Most of
his equipment is 12 to 18 years old and will need to be replaced soon. The replacement
costs for some of his machines is $50,000 and up. They are making a living with their
machinery and tools. He thinks the Board should look at a “pleasure tax” which would
tax some of these boats, ATV's, Motor Homes, etc. These are not items that are used to
make a living with, they are strictly pleasure items. He also feels that we are “talking
out of both sides of our mouths”. We are talking about bring in a waterline, which he
supports, and bring business into the industrial park. Great - Good Luck. But how are
we going to compare our Machinery & Tools taxes to those of the other localities. How
does our existing rate and our proposed rate compare to those of adjoining localities.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak at this time. Hearing none, at 5:55
p.m. he closed the public hearing.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
Monday, October 16, 2006, at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission held a public hearing at the
Appomattox County Community Center, located on Community Lane (off 460 Business-
East) in Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT (Board of Supervisors):
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT (Planning Commission):
Kevin O’Brien
Calvin Tanner
Steve Conner
George Almond
Al Sears