442
Mr. Slagle stated he would like to introduce the members of the IDA and in some
fashion respond to the list of acquations and so forth that have been placed against us.
James (Buddy) Conner — a graduate of Lynchburg College, was in the Marine Corps.
He was a V.P. and General Manager of BWXT for eleven (11) years in Lynchburg.
Presently retired.
Wayne Lewis - Senior V.P. of Wiley & Wilson with 42 years of civil engineering.
Laurie Harris — Accountant with Areava.
Winfred Nash — who is not present has a MBA from Duke University and is also a V.P.
and General Manager of BWXT.
Cecil Wooldridge — who is not present is a retired supervisor for Central Virginia
Electric Cooperation.
Walter Hancock — graduate of Va. Tech and is a retired V.P. of Wiley & Wilson.
He is William (Bill) Slagle — a graduate of Va. Tech, a civil engineer, U. S. Army,
worked for DEQ, was Manager for the Town and County for a few years, and knows
first hand the water problems of the County and Town, is currently a manager for Grief
Corporation, responsible for water systems, waste water system, landfill operations and
laboratory operations.
Mr. Slagle said he wished to comment on the newspaper article. He congratulated Chad
Millner for the nice article. There two (2) questions that really need to be answered in
their opinion. That is, “Is the existing well system within the Town adequate to serve
the town and the community for the future?” The IDA say the answer is “NO”.
Secondly, “Does the Concord Waterline offer the best alternative to our existing well
system.” The IDA believes that it “DOES”. There are a number of technical and
economic reasons why they say so. Those reasons are largely included here. He will
say that the IDA has worked extremely hard to attract industry into Appomattox. He
has been living in the County for long time about 60 years. He grew up on a farm on
the southside. He has no interest or does any other member of the IDA, other than
helping the County make a fact based decision because there is a lot of information that
is not well understood by the average citizen. He will say that he knows about the
response to one comment that was made regarding the 10-12 industries that Mr.
Spencer had referred to. The process goes: the State Dept. of Economic Development
will receive a request which will be referred to Region 2000 who will then contact those
communities that have the resources or infrastructure to be candidates. Many of these
are referred to us, because we are not meet the criteria for a public water supply. Many
industries simply will not locate in localities that a solely reliable on a well system.
There were a number of comments, but he cannot recall all of them. The identity of
these potential candidates for industry are highly confidential and general do not want
their names know until they have made a decision. We respect that. We have
numerous inquiries, companies that would have amounted to major dollars. He and
other members of the IDA have spent many dollars in going to meetings and they have
never billed the county for one cent for entertaining potential prospects, going to