71
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, March 21, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held its regularly scheduled meeting in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA. 24522
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. O. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation, after which
he asked everyone to stand and recite the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda: There were no additional items
to be added.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comment Period: There was no one
who wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then called for the next item on the Agenda:
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS (Items 1 — 2)
1. Use of Courtland Field: The Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce is
requesting the use of the Courtland Field to hold Friday Cheers on June 24 and
July 29, 2005. They would also like the $100.00 damage deposit be waived.
Staff advised Board that beer is sold at these events and the hours are from 5:00
p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to allow the
Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce the use of Courtland Field for a Friday
Cheers to be held on June 24'" and July 29", 2005 and also to waive the $100.00
damage deposit usually required. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
2. Budget Schedule: The proposed schedule for discussing the FY 2006 Budget
has been prepared. Staff recommends approving or amending this schedule as it
pleases the Board.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board wished to meet at 7:00 p.m. the schedule needs
to reflect this time change.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Proposed Budget
Workshop schedule but change the meeting time from 6:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. These