Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adopt a
resolution supporting a real estate tax exemption for the Pamplin Pipe
Factory.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence withdrew his motion and Mrs. Ferguson
was instructed to gather more information on this request.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the February 20, 1996 public hearing.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition
number 96-278 of Steven T. Conner to rezone property from A-1 to R-1.
Property is part of Tax Map #76-A-29 and is located on Route 642
between Route 727 and Dead End. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition
number 96-280 of Stephen Slevinski for a Conditional Use Permit to
allow two (2) off premise signs be located on Parcel Tax Map #62-A-26
located on Route 460 between Route 647 and Route 703. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence aye.
Mr. Paulette presented requests from Stonewall Antique Power
Association and Stonewall Vineyards for Musical and Entertainment
Permits.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve permit fa
Stonewall Antique Power Association for May 18 and 19, 1996 and
Stonewall Vineyards for May 11, 1996 and waive bond. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from American Legion Post #104
for use of the Courtland field to hold a circus on May 20, 1996.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence
that American Legion Post #104 be allowed the use of the Courtland
field on May 20, 1996 to hold a circus, with the understanding that a
Certificate of Insurance be provided. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Pittsylvania County for a
resolution on the distribution of lottery proceeds.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION
VIRGINIA, At the regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors on Monday, March 4, 1996, in the Courtroom of the
Courthouse in Appomattox, Virginia, the following resolution on the