50
Interest has been expressed by Longacre Bed and Breakfast and Spring Grove Farm Bed and
Breakfast to use our property as a place for their guests to escape to the woods and the river during their
visit with them.
Our request for the conditional use permit would allow us the option to charge a fee for this
service, a service we had been providing free to interested groups so far.
We grant permission to our neighbors, who ask, to hunt or use our river access, as many of our
neighbors had used the land before our purchase of it. We plan to continue this with our neighbors.
The neighbors we were able to contact about our proposed use were very supportive of the idea of
renting the lodge and allowing the use of our land for other outdoor recreation. They were concerned about
guest hunting. We do not plan to offer hunting to our customers, but only to our neighbors and friends.
Another concern by one neighbor was their privacy, noise and traffic. We share a road with this
neighbor on the backside of our property on the way to the river access. My wife and I measured the
distance from the share road and property line to the neighbor’s vacation home. It is approximately 200
feet. They have removed all of the trees on their property between their house and the property line, so
they have no screening when we or our guests travel to the river.
My Wife and I have marked a new road site beginning 200 feet into our woods and intersecting
the existing road several hundred feet down hill. This would provide approximately a 400 foot buffer
between their house and the road used.
We will not be allowing our guests off-road vehicle use, although many of the neighbors travel the
present road regularly on their four-wheelers. The guest vehicle traffic would be and if allowed to charge
fees, would then be able to afford better road maintenance.
We own approximately 1200 feet of river frontage. We have an open area near the middle,
approximately 50 feet wide, that we use for picnics, camp-outs, and river activities. The balance of the
river frontage is wooded as desired for riparian buffer.
We have no interest or desire for large groups.
The lodge has 3 bedrooms, and 4 full bathrooms. Its capacity is 16 overnight guests. We do not
plan on having RV hookups, although some guests may travel by RV.
We hope to protect the natural woodland environment that exists. That is why we continue to
purchase neighboring properties as they become available and we can afford them.
The granting of the permit would allow the proposed fee-based activities and with the lodge rental,
would provide income to continue the ability to provide the resources for protecting the rural open space.
Our sign for the Tree Farm, provided by the State Forester, states its purpose as protection and providing of
“Wood, Water, Wildlife and Recreation.”
We hope the steps taken and proposed of restricted group size, property boarder-marking, new
trails cut and new alternate road and river access will provide our neighbors with solutions to their concerns
of preserving the privacy, peace, and quiet of our rural homes.
Thank you.
Respectfully,
Hugh Radcliffe
John Ratkolski who lives on Route 623 came forward and stated he is a neighbor of the
applicants. Safety is his first concern. He is not against horses, but he is afraid
someone will wander onto his property and get hurt. He is not against this petition but
he would prefer that the applicants put up a fence.
Ms. Valeria Bishell stated she lives in Campbell County. She stated she knows the
applicants from church and other civic groups. They are chairtable, thoughtful people.
They will go out of their way to help someone in need. They are also very concerned
with the environment. She does not feel the granting of this petition will have any
negative impact on their neighbors.
Ms. Jean Hadenson from Campbell County came forward and stated she has worked
with Joan Rockwell and Hugh Radcliffe for three years. She has found them to be kind