Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 14 - 17)14. Appomattox County Schools: Monthly financial report for the school system.15. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of Board ofDirectors meeting held on July 21, 2005.
16. STEPS, Inc. Thank you note from STEPS for contribution.
17. Water Publication: Publication Provided by Draper Aden Associates for yourinformation.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Armburst stated he had some concern regarding the transfer station. He isconcerned that at the meeting recently some things were said that were not presentedat the original public hearing with the Planning Commission. He was a littledisappointed in the way this was presented to the group meeting at the Sport SpringRuritan Club. He feels the Board needs to look into some of these stipulations and seethat they are addressed.
Mr. Craft has two (2) items to discuss. One was the letter he received referencing theBoard Packets. He is wondering if this could be e-mailed to the two (2) libraries in theCounty. Maybe one or two people will read it.
He also has some concern regarding the transfer station. He suggested that we startputting up a sign stating that a certain piece of property will be rezoned, etc., as someof our surrounding counties do. He also suggested that the petitioner bear the cost ofposting such notices.
Administration has been discussing the need to place notice on site for any petitionwhere re-zoning is necessary. This would involve an ordinance change and we havebeen reviewing all of the ordinances and make the necessary changes all at one time.
Mr. Carter next reminded everyone of the UPCOMING MEETING:
September 19, 2005
Regular Scheduled Board of Supervisors Meeting
6:30 p.m.
Appomattox Town Office
October 3, 2005
Regular Scheduled Board of Supervisors Meeting
6:30 p.m.
Appomattox Town Office
At 7:15 p.m., Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adjourn. VOTE:Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.(5 aye votes)
Sormucl 2, (ate
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman