JO04
the area (covered under Item 170-10 Conditional Zoning Item A). Her
land (directly across the road) is zoned V-1 and she would assume the
school lot is V-1 which under the intent 170-41 of the Village Center
District, p. 17045, which states, "Retail activity is generally limite
to neighborhood convenience sales and services and to visitor oriented
specialities, thereby protecting against encroachment of general
commercial or other similar uses likely to generate noise, light,
odors, smoke or other obnoxious influences".
bon
Mrs. Hamilton stated that," Mr. Wingfield wants to change his property’
to B-1. Even Commercial District B-1 states and I quote, "Generally
this district covers that portion of the community intended for the
conduct of general business to which the public requires direct and
frequent access but which is not characteristic either by constant
heavy trucking, other than stocking and delivery of retail goods, or by
limited nuisance factors, including incidental light and noise of
congregation of people and passenger vehicles".
Mrs. Hamilton continued by saying, under Agriculture District A-1
(which Mr. Wingfield’s land currently is zoned and is adjoining A-1
zoning lots) p.17039, Article VI and I quote, "While it is recognized
that certain desirable rural areas may logically be expected to develop
residentially, it is the intent, however to discourage the random
scattering of residential, commercial or industrial uses in this
district".
Mrs. Hamilton continued, saying we are not here to debate the question
of zoning since zoning is in effect in Appomattox and is advertised as
such for Real Estate Sales. We are also not here to discuss whether
Mr. Wingfield has the right to do as he pleases on his land since wher
her rights begin; his rights stop or vise-versa.
©:
In conclusion, Mrs. Hamilton feels that once Mr. Wingfield has invested
65-70 thousand dollars in a building, plus the 35 thousand for the
land, that if this business is detrimental to the community, nothing
can or will be done, so she seeks to stop this re-zone and conditional
permit for the sake of the Oakville village and surrounding agricultur
and residential area. She ask that you say no to this petition which ii
clearly not in the best interest now or in the future to the Oakville
area."
0
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Linda Phelps came forward and gave her address as Route 3, Box
274, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Phelps continued by saying she and her
husband owned land adjoining this property and they were opposed to thi
rezoning. Mrs. Phelps stated she was not opposed to this business,
only the location.
oO
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Marietta Irby came forward and gave her address as Route 3, Box
315, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Irby stated she opposed the rezoning