41
§ 133-6. Procedure.
A. Developers and / or subdivision owners that cause new public or qualifying private roads
to be constructed shall erect road name signage in accordance with this Article, and shall
bear all costs in accordance with Article I, § 133-2 (B)(4) of this ordinance.
B. The County shall be responsible for installation of road name signage for all existing
private roads which qualify for a road name upon adoption of this ordinance.
ARTICLE III
Structure Numbering
[Adopted 02-22-05]
§ 133-7. Intent.
The intent of this Article is to establish regulations for the posting of structure numbers for all
addressable structures in Appomattox County in conjunction with the County’s Enhanced 9-1-1
(“E-911”) Program. This will ensure that all addressable structures can be clearly and efficiently
identified by fire, rescue, and law
enforcement agencies in response to emergencies.
§ 133-8. Criteria.
A. Assignment, Display and Placement of Official Structure Numbers
1. Display of Structure Number. Each resident shall be required to display and
maintain a structure number that identifies the primary structure located on the
property. Residents and Business owners shall be responsible for obtaining, and
maintaining an address marker placard that is consistent with the guidelines
found within this ordinance.
2, Construction of Structure Number Marker: Address Marker Placards for County
structures shall adhere to as closely as possible the following minimum
specifications:
a. Carsonite # CIB-380 54” blue flexible address markers (or equivalent)
b. 3” white HI intensity reflective numbers
c. Address numbers shall be of a contrasting color from the background
d. Address markers to be numbered on both sides
e. Numbers shall be placed vertically on installed placard.
3. Placement of Address Marker Placards. Address Marker Placards shall be
installed using the following guidelines:
a. Address markers shall be installed near the principal entrance to the
property, and in a manner as to be legible from both directions along the
private or state maintained road on which the property is located.