22. Campbell County’s Legislative Agenda: Campbell County has submitted
their Legislative Agenda for 2007.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad is concerned about the lack of citizens who are willing to serve on Boards
and Committees. In the past we have advertised for vacancies on certain Board and
Committees at the time a vacancy occurs. He is suggesting that we place an ad in the
newspapers once a year for anyone interested in serving in any capacity for the County.
We should begin by placing an ad in January 2007.
Mr. Craft commented on the Health Department giving flu shots. Recently he saw a
notice posted at the Health Department stating “NO FLU SHOTS”. You can go to the
drug store, the grocery store or most anywhere and get a flu shot. He feels that the
people who depend on the Health Department need these shots the most.
Mr. Armbrust explained that the pharmaceutical companies that produce this vaccine
ship the massive orders first like CVS and Kroger’s. The localities that need them most
actually take second place.
Mr. Carter spoke in regards to the Town of Appomattox passing an ordinance to amend
the Code of the Town of Appomattox by adding a new Article VII (A) in Section 195, to
be entitled Scenic Corridor Overlay District (SC). We do not know what this
encompasses - there is no definition and there is no geographical area laid out or
explained in regards to this district. Until this change has been explained in more detail,
he encourages the Planning Commission and the Board of Supervisors to speak
negatively of this as this needs to be, and should be explained in detail so that each and
every citizen can understand.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Roark had received a map of this area. This could have
some impact on the Board because you have Courthouse Square, the Health
Department Building, the School Board Office Building, Courtland Field, The Old
Elementary School Building, all the other schools, plus the Bus Shop, the Cannery and all
those areas that at sometime in the future, you may be making alterations to.
Mr. Armbrust agrees with Mr. Carter in opposing this ordinance.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to enter into a closed session to discuss a personnel
issue.
At 7:35 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to enter into Closed
Session as per Section 2.2-3711.A (1) to discuss a personnel issue. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
At 8:06 p.m. Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to return to the
open meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)