492
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting to Mr. Roark who presented the first petition to be
heard:
VR06002 — Appomattox Anglican Church — Applicant is requesting a variance of
the side yard setback (Section 170-80, Table 2) on property located on Route 635
(Redfields Road) between Route 460 (Confederate Boulevard) and Route 1001 (Lee-
Grant Avenue). The subject property is. identified as Tax Map #76 (A) 158 and is
approximately 6.19 acres in size. The property is zoned A-1, Agricultural District. The
applicant is requesting a variance of 21 feet from the side yard setback to the northern
property line adjacent to the Norfolk-Southern Railroad line for the expansion of the
existing building.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Rev. Geoffrey Hubler stated it was a privilege to represent both the Appomattox
Anglican Church and the Christian Academy. They are petitioning a variance to the side
yard setback in order to enlarge their present building.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Roark turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:07 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
f €é. ?
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Tuesday, September 5, 2006 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center,
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: :
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr., Assistant County Administrator