604
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for Setting of the Agenda:
There were no additions/deletions to the agenda.
Mr. Carter then called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern
to the citizen.
There were no comments to be made at this time.
Mr. Carter stated the next item of the agenda was ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items
1-3)
1. Resource Conservation Plan: On February 20, 2007 the Board of Supervisors
and the Planning Commission held a joint public hearing to receive public
comments on the proposed Resource Conservation Plan. No comments were
received.
Recommendation is adopting the Resource Conservation Plan and incorporating
it as an amendment to the 2003 Community Development Plan.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt the proposed Resource
Conversation Plan as an amendment to the 2003 Community Development Plan. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Region 10 Virgini iati i ing: Plans have been
finalized for the Regional VACo meeting and anyone wishing to attend should
contact Ms. Ferguson so arrangement can be made.
Ms. Ferguson asked to be notified if anyone wished to attend by March 22, 2007.
3. Lease Agreement for CVCC Appomattox Satellite: Mr. Spencer and Mr.
Overstreet have worked with CVCC to develop the lease agreement for use of
the space recently renovated in the old 3" grade wing. This lease has already
been approved by the Chancellor of the Virginia Community College System.
CVCC has requested that the Board approve the lease and authorize Ms.
Ferguson to execute the document on its behalf.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he and Mr. Spencer had met with the CVCC officials in
Lynchburg regarding several little things but the biggest concern was the lease period
term which was five (5) years initially and we felt like it was necessary for the County to
have a ten (10) year lease. CVCC agreed to this ten (10) year lease period. There was
one other item of concern, rent being at the “market rate”. We will have to deal with
this when we get there. This is not as much a concern with the ten (10) year lease as it