625
sidewalk from the sidewalk in front of the old Courthouse that leads to the
Street, to the Wall of Honor.
Mr. Craft stated he had talked with Mr. Owen and the main reason for this request is for
wheelchair accessibility. He feels this walk way would be an improvement.
Mr. Moore thinks a sidewalk would be a good addition because most people walk across
the grass as there is no really good way to get to the Wall of Honor.
Ms. Ferguson stated Mr. Owen came by her office this a.m. with a sketch of what they
would like to do and she does not see any problems.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to allow the American Legion Post
104 to pour a sidewalk from the sidewalk in front of the old Courthouse to the Wall of
Honor. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Central Virginia Community Services Board: The Central Virginia
Community Services Board is requesting the Board to approve a resolution giving
permission for them to enter into an agreement to purchase the Forest Hills
Group Home facility. The CVCS is leasing this facility at the present time and
feels that they will be money ahead if they purchase instead of leasing.
Staff recommends adopting this resolution.
Mr. Craft sits on this Board and thinks this is a good idea. This has been discussed by
the Community Services Board for several years. The owners have finally agreed to sell.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following resolution
authorizing the Central Virginia Community Services Board to purchase the Forest Hills
Group Home facility, which they have leased for several years.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board is a governmental entity created
pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 5, of Title 37.2 of the Code of Virginia, pursuant to
a joint agreement between the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and
Campbell, and the Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg, in order to provide those
jurisdictions with mental health, mental retardation, and substance abuse services; and
WHEREAS, Section 37.2-504 (11) of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, allows
Community Services Boards such as Central Virginia Community Services Board to obtain
loans as authorized by the governing bodies of the political subdivision that established
it; and
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services board desires to purchase from
Lynchburg Covenant Fellowship, Inc. property known locally as 3018 Forest Hills Circle,
Lynchburg, Virginia, pursuant to a Real Estate Purchase and Sales Contract dated
January 31, 2007; and