260
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Kevin O’Brien that his expenses
be paid to attend the Certified Planning Commissioner’s Program.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to pay expenses for
Kevin O’Brien to attend the Certified Planning Commissioner’s Program.
Vote:. Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained the Rustburg Correctional Unit
Superintendent, was requesting a resolution acknowledging that inmates
would be cleaning the boat ramp at Bent Creek.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
COMMUNITY WORK PROGRAM
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Corrections has established a
"Community Work Program: to allow state agencies and localities to use
supervised inmates in work projects.
WHEREAS, the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries is a governmental
activity located within Appomattox County;
WHEREAS, the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries desires inmate
help to accomplish brush cutting, grass cutting, litter clean-up and
other related projects on an occasional basis, using work parties of na
more then six inmates from the Rustburg Correctional Unit under the
supervision of two Department of Corrections Officers;
WHEREAS, the Community Work Program requires a resolution requesting
and accepting use of inmate labor within the locality be adopted by the
applicable governing body;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors requests and accepts the use of supervised inmates under
the Virginia Department of Corrections Community Work Program at Bent
Creek boat landing located in Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked the other Board members for direction on the
Courthouse project.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to check with other
localities to see what their costs had been to renovate or build
Courthouses.
Being no further business, at 9:45 p.m., Mr. Moore made a motion
seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adjourn until after the public hearing on