572
Mr. Carter stated that before taking action on this item he would like to call attention to
Item 2 — ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
Meeting Schedule for Approval of Revised Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authori
Service Agreement: Each existing member of the BRRJA will have to approve this
revised service agreement, as will Amherst and Appomattox Counties. Since Mr. Craft
and Mr. Conrad have been looking after the County’s best interest on this exploratory
team and are dedicated to this project and there is a conflict of meeting dates for this
team, the Halifax County Board of Supervisors and the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, it is suggested that this Board changes its February 5" meeting to avoid
conflicting with the other county involved.
Mr. Carter recommended that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors change it
meeting date of Monday, February 5, 2007 to Tuesday, February 6, 2007.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to make the necessary change of the
February 5" meeting and approve the meeting schedule as presented. ROLL CALL
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Instructions to the County Administrator:
Mr. Craft stated Ms. Ferguson was doing an excellent job and she should continue as
she is doing.
Mr. Carter asked for Ms. Ferguson's thoughts on having her Supervisors and Department
Heads submit a monthly report on activities to the Board for their information. Ms.
Ferguson agreed.
Mr. Carter reflected on some of the things accomplished in 2006 that he felt the County
should be proud of: 1) obtaining an agreement on the Concord water line as
engineering studies suggested, as the most economical and beneficial supply of water
for the future of the County; 2) the CVCC Satellite Campus being established to provide
further educational opportunities for our citizens; 3) meetings started on a Regional Jail
Concept that will benefit the County; 4) Part B of the Landfill application being
completed in order to open up new cells; 5) the E-911 Emergency Center being
completed and the hiring/training of personnel and should be up and running shortly; 6)
the State mandated Animal Shelter is in full operation; 7) Old Courthouse leased to local
citizen for plays, entertainment and other activities that proved to be a complete
success. This was a win-win situation for the County and the citizens. 8) the County's
Comprehensive Plan is being updated; 9) a committee made-up of County, Town,
Rescue Squad and medical personnel engaged in meetings on safety enhancements; 10)
the EDA working vigorously to enhance economical developments in the County and 11)
County staff continues to embrace cost savings measures and opportunities for
obtaining grants to save taxpayer dollars. The Board working in unison to plan,
execute, develop and investigate decisions that were in the best interest of the County.
There were over 70,000 Tourism brochures printed in 2006 and placed throughout the
Commonwealth in hotels, restaurants and welcome centers. There was also an increase
of tourism buses to Appomattox and for the first time was at an all time high and we are