429
4. Indoor Plumbing/Rehabilitation Program: We have received a letter from
Todd Christensen, Associate Director, Community Development Division of the
Department of Housing and Community Development asking if we wish to
continue with Lynchburg Community Action Group administering our indoor
plumbing program.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Lyn-Cag has been administering this program for several years
and we have had good success with them. She does not see any need to change now.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to continue to have Lynchburg
Community Action Group administer the County’s Indoor Plumbing/Rehabilitation
Program. VOTE: Mr. Armburst, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. The American National Red Cross: We have received a statement of
understanding between the American Red Cross and the County of Appomattox.
This document is simply a formality as we are presently operating in this
manner.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve
issuing a Statement of Understanding between the American Red Cross and the County
of Appomattox. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Public Boating Access along the Appomattox River: Prince Edward County
has made a request to the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries
that they establish boating access along the Appomattox River at Featherfin
Wildlife Management Area.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to
issuing a Letter of Support to the Virginia Department of Game & Inland Fisheries in
support of Prince Edward County's request to establish a boating access along the
Appomattox River at the Featherfin Wildlife Management Area. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
At 6:58 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess until after the public hearing to be held at
7:00 p.m.
At 7:16 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of Supervisor's meeting
Mr. Carter then called for the next item on the agenda:
7. Upcoming Conventions and Seminars: The first scheduled event is the Fire
and EMS Summit that is held in Charlottesville August 25, 26, and 27, 2006. This
event is a gathering of local government officials and fire and EMS personnel
from across the U.S. In light of the concerns that we presently have, I feel that