559
Ferguson to sign this document on behalf of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
SECOND MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
This Second Memorandum of Understanding is entered into this 18" day of December, 2006 between
Amherst County and Appomattox County, each political subdivisions of the Commonwealth of Virginia. (Collectively
referred to as “Counties”.)
WHEREAS, the 2006 General Assembly included language in the Appropriations Act exempting these two
counties and the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority from the moratorium language prohibiting counties and cities
from requesting state funding for the construction of regional jails; and
WHEREAS, the adoption of this language means that the counties are eligible, subject to approval by the
Board of Corrections of the need for the regional jail, for 50% reimbursement by the State for the cost of constructing a
regional jail, with the funding by the Compensation board of staff for such a regional jail; and
WHEREAS, the counties feel there is a need for a regional jail, and are willing to pursue the steps necessary
to be in a position to submit an application to the Board of Corrections for funding; and
WHEREAS, the Amherst County Board of Supervisors adopted the original Memorandum of Understanding
between Amherst County and Appomattox County on the 15" day of May; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors adopted the original Memorandum of
Understanding between Amherst County and Appomattox County on the 15"" day of May; and
WHEREAS, Amherst County has commenced holding public information sessions concerning the possible
location of the Regional Jail in the South End of Amherst County in close proximity to Appomattox County and has
signed an Option for purchase of a potential jail site.
NOW THEREFORE, it is agreed by the parties as follows:
1. Community Based Corrections Plan and Planning Study.
The two counties agree to continue to explore the feasibility of building a regional
jail to serve these counties. In order to do this, Counties agree to prepare a Community Based Corrections Plan and
Planning Study prepared on behalfof the two counties. The purpose ofthe Community Based Corrections Plan is to
evaluate the need for a new regional jail serving the two counties, and to forecast the growth in jail population over the
next decade. The purpose of the Planning Study is to take the forecast from the Community Based Corrections Plan
and create a preliminary design and cost estimate of the regional jail. Both of these studies are required by the Board of
Corrections in order to receive the 50% funding of a new jail. The counties continue to agree the studies should focus
on a site for the regional jail in Amherst County, since that is the most central location, but should also look at the need
for holding cells in Appomattox.
2. Preliminary Cost.
In order to pay for the Community Based Corrections Plan and the Planning
Study, as well as to secure a legal advisor and financial advisor for the project, the counties agree to an initial budget of
One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) which is the same figure utilized in the first Memorandum of
Understanding between these parties. The counties shall share the actual cost of such services up to that amount on the
basis of the population of the two counties based on the 2000 U.S. Census. Amherst County agrees to be the
procurement agent for all contracts, and shall bill the other county for their respective portion of the cost when
necessary.
3. Authority to County Administrators.
The county administrators are authorized by their respective boards to make