Olt.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, to close the landfill on Saturdays.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette next explained to the other Board members that Mrs. Laura
McClenny was due for her evaluation and if anyone wished to have input
into her evaluation, please contact Mrs. Ferguson.
Mr. Paulette asked if the other Board members wished to give
Appomattox’s, proxy for the VACo Annual meeting, to another locality.
No action was taken.
Mr. Paulette made note of the changes in the proposed E911 Ordinance
and asked if the Board wanted to set a date for public hearing.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to table
action on this issue until after the "straw poll".
Mr. Paulette presented the proposed revisions to the Real Estate Tax
Ordinance, and asked for a date for public hearing.
After discussion and by consensus the Board agreed to schedule December
18, 1995 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse as the date for the public
hearing on proposed tax ordinance changes.
Being no further business, Mr. Paulette explained an executive session
was necessary to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 9:35 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:35 P.M. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; an
Mr. Torrence, aye.
rel
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s