161
ll. Capital Improvement Fund (Uncommitted) | 0.00
lll. Virginia Public Assistance Fund 1,163,304.00
IV. School Operating Fund 18,444,229.00
School Cafeteria Fund 869,196.00
School CIP fund | 0.00
School Special Project Funds 0.00
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Treasurer be, and is hereby,
Authorized to transfer from the General Revenue Funds pursuant to this
Resolution, as monies become available, and from time to time to meet the
expenditures for amounts appropriated sums equal to, but not in excess of,
the appropriations indicated for transfer, as Transfer to Schools (Operation) and
Transfer to Department of Social Services for the period covered by this
Appropriation Resolution. Other inter-fund transfers shall be in accordance
with the direction of the Board of Supervisors. ]
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(4 aye votes — 1 absent)
9. Commonwealth Attorney's Office: Mr. Puckett is requesting approval for the
installation of two (2) additional electronic locks to be installed in his office; a
cable and partial box; etc. in the amount of $786.00
Ms. Ferguson explained that a position for an Assistant Commonwealth Attorney has
been approved by the State. Also a part-time position to work with domestic violence
approximately 20 hours a week has been approved. Due to the arranging of office
space for these two (2) positions, these additional panic buttons are needed.
After some discussion, it was felt that funds for the Commonwealth Attorney’s Office
were allocated in the FY2006 Budget and additional funds are not available at this time.
It was suggested that Mr. Puckett try to find the $786.00 to cover this expense in his
budget.
Ms. Ferguson explained to the Board that when the system was originally installed every
time an alarm tripped, someone from the Sheriff's Dispatch Office had to go to the
Courthouse and find out which alarm had been tripped and what the problem was. We
felt this was unreasonable. This new alarm system has re-routed the system to the
Sheriff's Office and installed three key pads as you come through the Secure Doors, and
security codes will have to be punched in, so the Sheriff’s Office does not have to reset
the system. This is at a cost of $2,371.00. This cost will be taken care of through the
County Budget, no additional allocations are necessary.
10. Appointments to Boards or Committees:
a. J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library Board: This was held over
from the June 6, 2005 meeting to allow time to located persons
interested in serving on the Library Board.