52
Dear Sir,
We are unable to attend the meeting concerning Joan & Hugh’s land. Our son Dan will be there with
Tommy Lawson his attorney to act on our behalf.
Thanks
Ruth Paulson
7436 Pinecroft Ln
Norfolk, VA 23505-3126
Dr. Dan Paulson of 816 Shanton Road, West Chester, PA. Mr. Paulson stated he and his
wife are the owners of 155 acres and his parents own 267 acres of property adjacent to
the property in the petition. They are wonderful neighbors and it hurts him to have to
speak in opposition of this proposal. He spent several years in looking for a piece of
property that they could consider a “family retreat”. They chose this particular piece of
property because of the James River, the people and the seclusion. This was to be a
place for his family, his parents, and his four sisters to call a “retreat”.
They have a couple of concerns regarding the proposal:
1. When they purchased this land, they placed their home very close to the border
because at that time the property owned by the petitioners was zoned as
Agricultural. Their house is actually about 150 feet from the road that will be
used to access the river. This is a shared access road and they share the cost of
the upkeep. Currently this is a private road and when it becomes a public road it
will greatly impact their way of life.
2. The way the proposal is written is vague. There is very little riverfront that is
useable. There is also some question as to how many people will have access to
this road.
3. This is a shared access road from Route 623 about 1-1/2 miles long. A part of
this road is very difficult to maintain. When it was graveled a few years ago, the
dump truck actually turned over, rolling four times down the hill. He is
concerned about the liability issues if someone is injured.
Mr. Paulson closed by saying that Joan and Hugh are good neighbors. He also plans to
reside here when he retires.
Thomas Lawson, Route 6, Box 335, Appomattox - Stated that there is an issue of
liability. There is a 50’ joint right-of-way. The road is dangerous. From the legal
standpoint, the road is a liability issue. He feels that Dr. Paulson and his family have a
valid point of liability, should someone be injured using this shared right-of-way.
Mr. Spencer called for other comments. Hearing none, he read the next petition.
04-548 — Richard & Siena Tartaglia — The applicants are requesting a Conditional
Use permit for a Home Occupation to allow the operation of a small awards and
engraving business in a proposed accessory building behind the residence they plan to