76
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
J. O. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by
the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or against the
petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the
record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Spencer.
Mr. Spencer then read the first petition;
Petition #05-224 - Rosalie Pool: Application for Rezoning, Tax Map #64A1(A)2.
The property is situated on 460 West across from the Super 8 Motel within the Town of
Appomattox. This property is currently zoned M-1 for Industrial use. It is desired and
requested that the foregoing property be rezoned from Industrial M-1 to Business B-1.
It is proposed that the property be rezoned for a future use to pick-up and deliver pizza.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer read the next petition.
Petition #05-225 — C. Lewis McDearmon: Zoning application for Conditional Use
Permit, Tax Map #64A5(A)87. The property is situated at Park Lane (State Route 1022)
between 460 East Business and Community Lane within the Town of Appomattox. This
property is currently zoned M-1 for Industrial use. In Industrial district M-1, any
structure to be erected or land to be used shall require a conditional use permit. The
applicant is requesting approval from the Town of Appomattox to Produce Ready Mix
Concrete at the above described property.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for the petition.
Mr. Bobby O’Brien — President & Owner of Lynchburg Ready Mix Concrete came forward
and stated they had just recently purchased a concrete plant in Appomattox known as
Buckingham-Appomattox Ready Mix. They would like to purchase said property and put
up a ready-mix plant using a new ready mix plan that is being constructed. This plant
will be similar, in size, to the one they are operating now at J. E. Sears but the new
plant will be state-of-the-art ready-mix plant with the capability of holding 60 tons of
material, two (2) cement silos that will stand beside the ready-mix plant and will have
the necessary equipment for pollution abatement. They will have the necessary permits
from DEQ as the present facility. They will operate five (5) days a week from 6:45 a.m.