322
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
7
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, March 6, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Public
Hearing at 6:00 p.m., to receive comments on CDBG Grant Application, in Council
Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office, located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and welcomed everyone in attendance.
Mr. Carter stated this public hearing was regarding the CDBG Grant for Appomattox
County. If you did not sign up to speak at this hearing, and wish to do so, please sign
up at this time.
Mr. Reed Johnson: Mr. Johnson is in full support of this grant application. He is part
of the Management Team for the adaptive uses for the Carver Price School building.
The National Park Service is in full support of this grant application. Essentially what the
National Park Service is envisioning here is part of our forth-coming general
management plan which they hope to have ready by Spring. One of the proposed
alternatives for the next 25 years is to see some measure of protection for the
Appomattox Station Battleground, which is directly behind the school building. The
school grounds may actually be part of this battleground. What they have been working
on is that the school be used as a visitor’s center in partnership with the National Park
Service, the Town of Appomattox and the County. This operation would probably be
carried out by the Town, County and Chamber of Commerce, but carry the National Park
Service emblem. This would be the first stop for visitors coming to town and since the
Battle of Appomattox Station took place on April 8" it proceeds the surrender at the
Historical Park on April 9".