303
Mr. Armbrust also questioned the rule regarding no ATV’s or four wheelers in the park.
Will ATV's be used to drag the field.
8. Public Hearing Dates: Need to schedule dates for two (2) public hearings.
One date is for the second public hearing for the CDBG grant. This is required
by the grant process. The second public hearing is for the Proposed Changes for
the County Code relating to automobile decals.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to schedule the second public
hearing for the CDBG grant for March 6, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. in the Town Office, located
on Linden Street. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Overstreet informed the Board that he has spoken with the Treasurer concerning
automobile decals. Campbell County has made an effort to amend their ordinance on
the License Fees for Automobiles and has done away with the decals, using the receipt
one gets when paying this fee rather than having an actual decal on the vehicle. The
enforcement is through DMV, by not being able to get your State tags until this has
been paid. Also, they are proposing to have your decal on an annual calendar basis
rather than from April 1% to March 31% of the following year. This would gear the
payment of your License Tax with your Personal Property Tax (December 5"). The
discussion was to have an ordinance adopted now, where the Board then would for this
year have the License Fee paid from April thru December which would get us to the
calendar year for the next year. There was such a rush to try to get this done, he
suggested putting this into effect before December 5th. So when you pay your License
Fee for this year, you will be paid thru March 31% of 2007. If we adopt an ordinance
where you pay your License Fee on December 5TM for 2007, you would only pay for
three-fourth of the year for 2007. Rather than making 2006 a short year, we will make
2007 the short one. This will also buy us some time, plus for budget purposes it will not
cut you short this budget year.
The public hearing for the Proposed Changes to the County Code has been postponed
until later.
8A. Town Meeting Room Renovation for the lower level (old fire
department): The Board needs to let the Town of Appomattox know its final
decision on sharing the expenses of remodeling the old fire department for a
meeting room.
Mr. Craft commented that the County owns too many of it own buildings, that need to
be renovated or repaired and he feels we should look into using one of these properties.
Mr. Moore also feels we should make use of our own facilities.
Mr. Armbrust also feels we should consider using one of our own buildings.