623
tonight and he wants to know what is going to happen. He wants to know the
assessment and the basis. He wants someone on this Board to get up and explain this
to everybody.
Mr. Carter reminded Mr. Stratton that at the beginning of the session, it was stated that
this is a comments session, not a discussion period. The Board is allowing the citizens
to come forward and be heard. Nothing will be discussed tonight.
Jack Gowin, 932 Falling Creek Road, Appomattox, VA: He is a beef farmer. He
has 40 head of beef cattle and 200 acres and he is trying to keep his farm and leave it
to his children. One of his children is very interested in continuing in the beef cattle
business. He feels the land use tax will be great for them as he is trying to preserve his
farm for this sons. He encourages the Board to adopt the Land Use Tax.
Ms. Darlene Reid, Appomattox, VA: She grew up in this County. Most of these
farmers knew her father. We need to look at the assessments. We do not want to see
taxes go up but a lot of these farmers, have to work a eight hour job just to keep their
farms going. The farmers used to have tobacco as a cash crop, that took the county to
where it is today. We need to look at whatever has been said and make sure the
farmers are taken care of.
Ms. Joyce Hang, Red House, VA: Over the last ten years that she has lived in Red
House the assessments have increased their property values by 66%. Their taxes have
go up over the same period of time by 130%. There is something wrong with this. The
farmers need to have a break. They cannot keep supporting their cattle on their land,
they raise hay on other property that they are lucky enough to have the use of. The
farmer really needs a break The cows do not use the schools, their road is like a
washboard, they do not get anything for their taxes. A trip to the dumpster is 27 miles
round trip. They cannot afford to go too often and they will not throw it out on the side
of the road like other people do. If we are going to pay the taxes like everybody else
does, then they should get a little more out of it than what they are getting now. If you
keep allowing houses to be built, you will be building schools, because people will come
and they will need schools for their children. Their cows do not need a water line, they
drill wells for their cattle to have fresh water.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Hearing none, at 8:28 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Comments Session.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman