120
¥
96-291 of Charles Richard Griffin and deny a Conditional Use Permit for
Home Occupation (Sporting Good Sales) within main dwelling. Property
is Lot #15, Cedar Knolls Subdivision located on Route 1065 between
Route 767 and Dead end. Property is zoned R-1. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
nay; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked if anyone had appointments for the Animal
Ordinance Review Committee.
Mr. Bosiger stated Mr. Nelson Mann had agreed to serve from the Falling
River District
Mr. Paulette next asked Mr. Carwile and Mr. Bosiger for dates to visit
Sussex to talk with them concerning water/sewer agreements.
Mrs. Ferguson was provided with several dates.
Mr. Paulette also asked the Board for a date to meet with Brian
Wishneff for his summation report.
oOAfter discussion, and by consensus, of the Board, June 25, 1996 at 7:0
p.m. in Town Council Chambers, was set for Mr. Wishneft to finalize hi:
report. Mrs. Ferguson was asked to see if Town Council would join us
on this date.
tft
Mr. Paulette explained that the Commissioner of Revenue felt that ther
was a need for the Board of Equalization to meet at least once more.
©:
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence for the Board of
Equalization to meet one more time and $350.00 to be transferred, in
the FY97 budget, from 11010-5804 operating reserve to the Board of
Equalization Budget. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked the Board if they were prepared to adopt the
FY97 budget and revenue estimate and adopt the appropriations
resolution.
Mr. Carwile made a motions seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adopt the FY97
budget and the Revenue Estimate. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
appropriation resolution:
COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX
APPROPRIATIONS RESOLUTION
FISCAL YEAR 1997
BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County,
Virginia, hereby appropriates for the Fiscal Year commencing July
1, 1996 and ending June 30, 1997, from the funds, for the
functions, and in the amounts indicated herein: