150
authorize the County Administrator to sign contract documents if approved by the
County Attorney. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Change Order for Appomattox Animal Pound: At the last progress meeting
on the Animal Pound construction, the architect explained that due to lead time
involved with receiving the mechanical system, it would be necessary to install a
double hung door at the entrance to the mechanical room. Also, upon
consideration it was determined that a wall could be removed in the attic which
would result in a deduct. Overall, there will be a net increase of $663.94.
The architect has recommended accepting this change order as a double hung
door would be more beneficial in the future.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Change Order for the
installation of a double hung door at the mechanical room at the Appomattox Animal
Pound with a net increase cost of $663.94. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Permit Application for Musical or Entertainment Festival: Larry & Sterry
Davis of Stonewall Vineyards are requesting approval to hold two (2) Summer
Coolers, on June 11, 2005 and July 16, 2005. They are also requesting the bond
requirements be waived.
Since there have been on problems associated with these annual events in the past, Mr.
Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve Stonewall Vineyards
request to hold two (2) Musical and/or Entertainment Festivals, one (1) on June 11,
2005 and another on July 16, 2005 and also to waive the bond requirements. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
5. Appointments to Boards or Committees:
a. J. Robert Jamerson Memorial Library Board: Barry S. Morris,
Library Director has informed the Board that two (2) Library Board
member's term expire at the end of June and neither has expressed an
interest in continuing in these positions. Requests that appointments be
made by the end of June if possible.
Mr. Conrad and Mr. Craft are in the process of seeking someone to fill these two
positions.
b. Workforce Investment Board: Appomattox County will need to make
an appointment to the Workforce Investment Board by July 1, 2005. This
appointment needs to come from a business and it will be a two (2) year
term.
There were no names submitted at this time.