248
Landfill Office Assistant: This position has been revised to include Recycling
Coordinator due to the mandates from DEQ for a 25% recycling rate. Also, we
are requiring that the position hold a valid Virginia drivers license in order to
attend trainings and meet with businesses to try to build the recycle rate.
County Planner: Several weeks ago the Board discussed the need for some
one to write grants and take on the old Elementary School Project. Ms.
Ferguson has reviewed several possibilities for getting these things done, as well
as looking to other immediate needs that the County has, such as revising the
Comprehensive Plan, Zoning Ordinance, Subdivision Ordinance, etc. After taking
all this into consideration, she feels that the best possible scenario is to revise
the Planner position to include expertise in grant writing and move forward with
hiring a Planner. This is a large step but she feels that we must be proactive in
addressing the growth of the County.
Ms. Ferguson is requesting the approval of the revision to both of these positions
and permission to proceed with the advertising of the Planner position with the
hope of getting someone on board by January 1, 2006.
Mr. Conrad stated that he has no comments on the Landfill Office Assistant position. As
the Board has discussed previously, we really need someone with expertise in grant
writing to help us find available funds. Our budget does not allow for everything but
there is grant money out there and we need to tap into these if possible. He feels that
the money we spend on this position would certainly help us in this endeavor.
Mr. Moore stated that a planner is needed more now, than ever before. Our previous
planner did an excellent job. Our friend, Mr. Spencer, has been taking care of this but
his job has a lot of other things to do.
Mr. Carter feels that in hiring a planner, that person’s time will really be taken up with
zoning issues, Comprehensive Plans, Ordinances, etc., and he does not think there
would be ample time to spend searching for grants. He feels that we need to hire a full
time planner and a part-time person to look into what is out there as far as grants are
concerned. He feels that the payback would be worth what is spent in salaries.
Mr. Conrad stated that this should be a full-time, part-time employee, under the
supervision of the County Administrator, with set days, and hours as any other
employee and should spend their entire time in writing grants and searching for grants
to help finance the County’s needs.
Mr. Carter suggested that they approve the job descriptions and in the mean time look
at the budget and see if we can find ways and means to get this part-time person.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the job description for
the Land Fill Office Assistant, and to allow the County Administrator to proceed with the
advertising for a County Planner using the present “Planner” job description. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)