524
Ms. Ferguson explained the changes suggested for the Commonwealth’s Attorneys
office. Ms. Ferguson, explained that before she approves the structural changes to this
office, she will require the approval of Judge Blanton.
Gary Harvey will move forward with the proposed drawings and present them to the
Board as soon as possible.
6. Contract Proposal _Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partners: The
proposal to provide architectural services for the renovations to the upper level
of the County Administration Building have been received. The Board will need
to designate this as a Sole Source Procurement per Code Section 2.2-4303.e of
the Code of Virginia, due to the fact that CCAP is familiar with this building and
has previously drawn proposals for this renovation and nothing was done.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to designate the County
Administration Building renovation as a sole source procurement as per Section 2.2-
4303.e, as CCAP is familiar with this building and had previously drawn proposals for this
project. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
7. Change of Location of Fireworks Display — Railroad Festival: The Board
previously approved the Fireworks Display for the Railroad Festival on Saturday,
October 14" to be held at the Appomattox EDA Park.
Due to a change in plans, this fireworks display has been moved to Coles Field
located on Route 727 across from the Appomattox County High School.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the change of location for
the Railroad Festival Fireworks Display from the EDA Park to Coles Field. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1
absent)
Ms. Ferguson discussed briefly the plans for the upper level of the Administration
Building and what changes need to be made for accommodate the County
Administration Office personnel.
At 8:02 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adjourn. VOTE:
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1
absent.)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman