674
PROGRAM FUNDS TO AID IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF PHASE II OF THE APPOMATTOX
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT CENTER.
WHEREAS, the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community revitalization Commission (TICRC) has
announced available funding for their Economic Development Grant Program; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox and the Appomattox Workforce Development Center Management Team
underwent a thorough planning process to identify and prioritize long-term needs to sustain and strengthen the County
of Appomattox, has identified workforce training deficiencies in the county, and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox is aggressively following through on the recommendations of the
abovementioned Management Team by construction Phase I of the Appomattox Workforce Development Center, and
WHEREAS, Phase I of the Workforce Development Center has been funded through a cooperative effort by multiple
agencies: a Virginia Tobacco Commission Economic Development of $16,240.00; a U. S. Department Of Housing &
Urban Development Economic Development Initiative Grant of $103,092.99; Central Virginia Community College
funding of $175,000.00; and funding in the amount of 4160,088.00 from the County of Appomattox, and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox is now ready to move forward with the development of Phase II of said
Center, and it has begun developing financial partnerships with agencies, including the recent award of a TICRC
Education Grant of $250,000.00 and an estimated local match of $305,382.00, and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is committed to the continued development of a workforce
development center as a component of the renovation of the Carver-Price Educational Complex and will be responsible
for the management, maintenance and operation of the building to ensure that a workforce development center can
continue as long as Central Virginia Community College continues to lease the facility for classes that improve and
enhance the education level of the workforce and business community of Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will appoint a committee to govern the program
development and execution of the workforce development center, and that said committee will consist of
representatives of the workforce development center invited partner organizations, including, but not limited to Central
Virginia Community College, Investment Board, Virginia Employment Commission, Region 2000 Small Business
Development Center and the County of Appomattox.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox wishes to apply
for funding in the amount of $71,401.00 from the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization
Commission for an Economic Development grant to be utilized to develop a Workforce Development Center in
Appomattox County.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator, is hereby authorized to sign and
submit the appropriate documents for submittal of this TICRC Education Grant Application and to execute any
necessary legal documents if the grant is awarded to the County of Appomattox.
Adopted this 21 day of May, 2007.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the above Resolution
Endorsing the Application for Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community
Revitalization Commission Economic Development Grant Program Fund to aid in the
Development of Phase II of the Appomattox Workforce Development Center.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next called for the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-15)
5. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND APPROVALS:
6. Law Library Fund: Please appropriate by consent and approval the payment
of $364.70 from the Law Library Fund to pay the enclosed bill.