(©)
462
In order to qualify for exemption hereunder, an antique motor vehicle and antique trailer registered
and licensed under VA CODE ANN 46.2-730 shall not be used for general transportation
purposes, including, but not limited to, daily travel to and from owner’s place of employment, but
shall only be used:
(i) For participation in club activities, exhibits, tours, parades, and similar events; and
(ii) On the highways of the Commonwealth for the purpose of testing their operation,
obtaining repairs or maintenance, transportation to and from events as described in
subdivision (i) of this subsection, and for occasional pleasure driving not exceeding 250
miles from the residence of the owner.
All fees collected pursuant to this article shall be deposited by the Treasurer in the general fund of
the County.
§162-24. Payment of personal property taxes and license fee prerequisite.
(A)
(B)
(C)
No motor vehicle shall be licensed by the Department of Motor Vehicles until such applicant for
such license has paid all personal property taxes and the licensed fee assessed hereunder upon the
motor vehicle, to be licensed and until the Department of Motor Vehicles has been provided
satisfactory evidence by the Treasurer of Appomattox County that any delinquent motor vehicle,
personal property taxes or license fees which have properly assessed or are assessable against the
applicant by the County have been paid.
No motor vehicle license shall be issued by the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles unless the
tangible personal property taxes properly assessed or assessable by the County on any tangible
personal property used or usable as a dwelling, and owned by the taxpayer have been paid.
No motor vehicle license shall be issued by the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles to an
owner of a motor vehicle as to which a fee is required to be paid pursuant to this article qualified
under the provisions hereof to a waiver of the fee until the applicant for such license or
registration from the Department of Motor Vehicles has produced before the Appomattox County
Treasurer, or his agent, satisfactory evidence that all personal property taxes upon the motor
vehicle have been paid and satisfactory evidence of any delinquent personal property taxes due
with respect to the vehicle which have been properly assessed or are assessable against the owner
have been paid.
§162-25. License Year.
The license year with respect to which the fee required to be paid under this article is assessed shall be
January 1 through December 31 of each year.’ The fee assessed under this article shall be assessed to
the owner of each motor vehicle as provided in this article for motor vehicles owned January 1, of each
year. The fee shall be payable on or before December 5 of each year and with respect to any fees not
paid at that time, a twenty dollar fee to reimburse the County of Appomattox for costs associated with
administration of the Vehicle Registration Withholding Program with the Commonwealth of Virginia
Department of Motor Vehicles. The fee herein assessed will be based upon ownership of vehicles on
fee day, that is, January 1 of each year, and the period for which the license is effective shall be
January 1 through December 31 of the next ensuing year.
§162-26. Failure to pay license fee, personal property tax, etc: penalty.
(A) In the event that the license fee required by the Article is not paid, or if any personal property
taxes, properly assessed against such vehicle, are not paid on or before December 5 of each year,
with respect to each owner or co-owner of any motor vehicle as to which the license fee has not
been paid, or any personal property taxes have not been paid, the Treasurer shall mail to the
owner/co-owner by First Class Mail notice of intent to request the Commonwealth of Virginia