45
renovated to house the Administrator's Office staff and remove the partitions in the lower level
and install handicap rest rooms and create a meeting room in this area.
Mr. Craft stated his appreciation to the Town for the use of their building. However, the Board of
Supervisors needs a home of its own. If there were funds available, the old Courthouse could be
used, but the County at this time does not have $500,000.00 to use for this purpose.
Mr. Armbrust wanted to know if the upper level would provide adequate space for the
Administrative Staff. Ms. Ferguson, stated that with some renovations, she feels this space would
be adequate. It would be nice to have a meeting place in the same building with the
Administrative Office, creating an easy access to materials when the need arises. She feels this
can be done with a minimal amount of funds spent.
Mr. Conrad stated that the lower level can be redone to make an adequate meeting room for the
Board to accommodate 150 or more people.
Mr. Moore suggested that the Old Courthouse be renovated and use this for the Board Meeting
room. Since this is a historical building and money has to be spentto repair it and we did use it
as a meeting place of many years he suggests that we remodel this building. The main obstacle at
the present time is that this building is not handicap accessible.
After a lengthy discussion, the Board asked Ms. Ferguson to get some estimates as to what it will
cost to make the old Courthouse handicap accessible and up to ADA standards.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7 — 16)
7. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for paymentas presented.
FUND APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Asset Forfeiture Account (Commonwealth Attorney):
Please appropriate by consent the amount of $2,535.50 from the Commonwealth
Attorney's Asset Forfeiture Account to pay for half of the security system that he
requested for the door into his office.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
9. Board of Supervisors: Please appropriate by consent $5,064.53 as a supplemental
appropriation for the telephone bill for County Offices.
10. Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent $254.00 as a supplemental
appropriation to the Sheriff's budget for restitution received for damage done to an
officers eyeglasses.
Please appropriate by consent $304.00 as a supplemental appropriation to the Sheriff’s
budget for a grant received from the U. S. Department of Justice.