284
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes the need for a new jail facility and has
entered into discussions with Amherst County and the Blue Ridge Regional Jail
Authority in development of a partnership for the construction of a new jail in Amherst
County that would be owned and operated by the jail authority of which Amherst and
Appomattox County would be a member, and
WHEREAS, this new facility would allow all partners to close their existing antiquated
local jails and consolidate staffing which would ultimately save tax dollars and provide a
more manageable facility that will insure the safety of the public at large, the jail staff
and the inmate.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby respectfully request the support of its area legislators in the
continuation of an exemption granted to Appomattox County in the 2004-2006
Appropriations Act regarding the 1996 moratorium on the review of Community-Based
Corrections Plans and Planning Studies by the Board of Corrections.
BE IT ALSO RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does
hereby request that its area legislators support the concept of a regional jail located in
Amherst County which would house inmates from Amherst, Appomattox, and the
Bedford Annex of the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority which would be owned and
operated by the jail authority of which Amherst and Appomattox would be members.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. 2007 National Association of Counties Annual Conference: The 2007
NACo Annual Conference will be held July 13-17, 2007 in Richmond. Virginia
counties are being asked to contribute $1,000 towards the staging of this
conference, which will bring an estimated 5,500 conventioneers to the
Commonwealth.
Mr. Armbrust questioned if the County could possibly set up a booth/display at this
event to promote Appomattox County.
After some discussion, the Board took no action on this item.
5. Committee Appointments: The Board may wish to make appointments to the
Planning Commission and IDA. Information on those interested in serving will be
presented at the meeting.
PLANNING COMMISSION:
Wreck Island District - Calvin Tanner (no other applications received)
1 year term ending December 31, 2006
Falling River District — Al Sears (no other applications received)
2 year term ending December 31, 2007
Courthouse District - Steve Conner (no other applications received)