140
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on August 5, 1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Russell H. Moore, Vice-Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Bosiger to
deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes
of the regular meeting of July 1, 1996; joint meeting of June 25, 1996;
public hearings of July 15, 1996 and recessed meeting of July 15,
1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then asked Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Austin began by explaining that a traffic count had been taken on
Route 622 at the railroad crossing and there were fourteen (14)
vehicles per day. He continued that he felt this crossing would be
Closed due to the low traffic count. Mr. Austin continued that a
public hearing would be necessary in order to close the crossing.
The Board of Supervisors instructed Mr. Austin to go ahead with
scheduling the public hearing.
Mr. Torrence stated there was a speed problem on Route 1111 and 1112
and that he would like to request the speed limit be reduced to 25
miles per hour.
Mr. Austin stated he would send the request to traffic engineering for
study and recommendation.
Several other areas of concern were mentioned and then Mr. Paulette
thanked and excused Mr. Austin.
Mr. Paulette next asked the members of the Electoral Board to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Joe Foxwell and Mr. Dick Wingfield appeared before the Board and
presented each member with several handouts. Mr. Foxwell then
requested the Board of Supervisors approve the Electoral Boards request