193
shop up, jumped up on tables and knocked everything in the floor, tried to get out
through an exhaust fan, however, he would not leave when the door was opened for
him. He finally decided to close him in the shop. His concern is that this dog might
have been rabied. The dog was not picked up the next day either. He has a three year
old running around. Suppose this dog had killed his three year old and was still running
free. Someone needs to address the issue of having someone available, whether it be
the Sheriff's office or the dog warden, to handle calls like this in an emergency situation.
A lease law would not have taken care of this situation. Someone needs to take charge
of incidents like this where a dog is going ballistic before someone gets hurt. We need
something put in place to handle these situations.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Board at this time.
Mr. Carter then called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 9)
1. Electoral Board: The State Board of Elections has made an inspection of our
voting precincts checking on physical accessibility. Several deficiencies were
noted. The State has provided $4,418.60 to help with these upgrades and has
stated that we may request additional funds to cover any remaining costs.
Mr. Carter stated he was quite surprised by all the noted discrepancies that they have
put forth. He does not know how much bearing they have on a persons ability to get to
and from the voting booth, in and out of the car, some of these seem excessive, but so
be it.
Mr. Craft stated these things do have to be corrected.
Ms. Ferguson stated that some time ago, the State Board of Elections made an
inspection and we had to install ramps in some places, painting and other things that
had to be done. These were taken care of. In looking at what we had corrected, they
seem to have found other problems, so one thing calls for another.
After some discussion, it was suggested that Ms. Ferguson contact Watkins Abbitt to see
if he can assist us in this matter.
2. American Legion Request for Use of Courthouse Square: The American
Legion is requesting the use of Courthouse Square to hold a ceremony on
September 11" from 11:00 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. recognizing all “first responders” to
include police, fire and rescue personnel.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the American Legion's
request for use of Courthouse Square on September 11‘ 2005 from 11:00 a.m. to 1:30
p.m. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(4 aye votes — 1 absent)
3. Permit Application for Musical or Entertainment Festival: Larry and
Sterry Davis are requesting a permit to hold their annual Summer Cooler III on
September 10, 2005 and that you waive the bond requirement.