087
Mrs. Ferguson next presented Mr. Bryan Elder’s name to fill the
position at the landfill vacated by Mrs. Virginia Wheeler.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
hire Bryan Elder at an annual salary of $10,400.00 effective
immediately. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from the National Park Service
that the County approve concurrent jurisdiction for park lands.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, concurrent jurisdiction
was approved for the National Historical Park.
Mr. Paulette informed the Board that an executive session was necessary
to discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 9:25 p.m. to discuss a legal matter.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:35 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
At 9:45 p.m. being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to adjourn until April 15, 1996 a the
public hearing. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye? a
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and w//We bne Los Wi
ebepe
Chairhh an