12
each month, except when these dates for on a Holiday. In those instances, the meeting
would be moved to the next day (Tuesday).
4) Instructions to the Administrator:
Mr. Conrad and Mr. Craft both spoke highly of Ms. Ferguson’s performance since
becoming County Administrator in March 2004.
Mr. Carter commented that 2004 was an eventful and hard working year for the Board.
Reflecting back, some of the tasks and projects that were accomplished were:
e Three new supervisors eagerly took office to serve their fellow citizens and off to
work the Board went.
e The hiring of a new County Administrator, after reviewing the many resumes and
conducting interviews, the county hired the most qualified and civic oriented
candidate, Mrs. Aileen Ferguson.
e Budget; through hard work and long hours a sound budget was adopted which
reflected no tax increases.
e The old elementary school complex was given back to the county. Projects are
in place to make the building beneficial to all citizens and get it back into a self
supporting structure.
e The Appomattox County Park received two grants totaling $210,000 plus a VDOT
grant totaling $310,000 for paving. Other activities included the Girl Scouts
building a Frisbee Golf Course, four (5) baseball/softball fields, three (3) soccer
fields, one (1) football field, and one (1) multi purpose were graded and seeded.
e E-911 project progressing with the numbering system being put into place and
the hiring of E-911 Coordinator.
e The new courthouse was completed on time. A unified effort by the courthouse
committee that consisted of Bill Jamerson, Barbara Williams, and Russell Moore
along with the furnishings committee of Tom Conrad, Barbara Williams, Aileen
Ferguson and Judge Blanton helped to make this a success story.
e To ensure the town and county maintain an adequate water supply in the future,
a joint town/county water study was started. This study continues today as data
is collected to make a conscientious decision as to our future water supply.
e Due to the fact that our existing landfill cell is near capacity, the Board requested
an up-date on alternatives for consideration. After hearing from our consultant,
it was plain that we needed to move forward with necessary plans to open up
another cell. In addition, our landfill inspections from DEQ were good and the
Board appreciates the professionalism from the landfill employees which keeps
us out of trouble.
e The entire county staff is recognized by the Board for their commitment to their
jobs and always looking for ways to save taxpayers money.
2005 will again offer challenges to the Board. This Board as previous Boards is
dedicated to the citizens of Appomattox County. We listen to our constituents prior to
making decisions by collecting as much information as we can in order to make
conscientious decisions. We are not going to please everyone and our goal is to render
decisions that will best serve the citizens of the county. We will always strive to do our
best.