124
At 7:35 p.m. Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adjourn. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Thursday, April 28, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Budget
Work Session at 7:00 p.m. in the Upper Level of the Administration Building (old J. & D.
Courtroom).
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter asked if the Board wanted to put an internal control on to stop by 8:30 p.m.
if they have not completed the budget.
Also, Mr. Carter wanted to bring everyone up to speed on a meeting held on Wednesday
at the IDA Park. At 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, April 27, 2005 he met with Bill Slagle,
Bobby O’Brien, Steve Smith, John Spencer and Wayne Lewis at the Industrial Park. The
meeting centered around the concrete plant. This plant is needed in Appomattox but it
is not needed in the location that is currently petitioned for. The County, all sub-
components of it, need to make this a win-win situation for everyone. Not only a win-
win situation for the County but also for Mr. O’Brien, we need his industry in
Appomattox. The Evergreen community is completely in turmoil and the rest of the
county is upset because it was not located in the Industrial Park. This seemed to be a
very productive meeting and everyone seems to be satisfied. Hopefully, everything is
moving forward and the misconceptions that were previously published in the news
paper have been completely cleared up.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that at the last meeting the decision was made to reduce the
School Budget by $1,230,441. By doing this, we are cutting the match and taking
money from programs that need to function. She has worked out several scenarios:
A. In order to reduce the school budget and not affect State Funds you can only
cut $813,124.00. This is all local money over and above the required match.
Total budget will be $18,444,229.00 with no extra local money.