246
monument and the requester is unable or unwilling to make the donation
recognition to significant donors according to its plans as set forth in Paragraph 2.
13) In the event shall the monument contain commercial advertising, but
may contain names of businesses which contributed.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Livestock Damage Claim Form: Mr. W. M. Caldwell has presented a claim for
two (2) calves that were killed by stray dogs in the amount of $200.00.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve claim of W. M.
Caldwell in the amount of $200.00 for livestock killed by stray dogs. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
3. Permit Application for Musical or Entertainment Festival: The
Appomattox Moose Lodge #975 is requesting to hold two (2) turkey shoots. The
dates and times are pending. They are also requesting that the bond
requirement be waived for these two events.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve Appomattox Moose Lodge
#975’s request to hold two (2) turkey shoots (dates and times to be furnished later) and
the bond fee waived. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Committee/Board Appointments: We have been informed by Augustine J.
Fagan that Appomattox County needs to appointment a Board member to fill a
vacancy on the Community Services Board of Directors.
The Community Services Board of Directors meets on the 4‘" Wednesday of each
month at 4:00 p.m. at the Administrative Offices on Langhorne Road except for
the months of November and December when they meet on the 3 Thursday of
each month. The term runs for three years.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint
Mr. William Craft to serve on the Community Services Board of Directors. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Planning Commission Appointments: Mr. Spencer is requesting that the
Planning Commission Members be appointed to terms that will expire on
December 31. This will be easier to administer than the current situation of
intermittingly expiring throughout the year. There has been some discussion in
the past few months concerning the make up of the Planning Committee.
Ms. Ferguson expressed her concern regarding having these term expire at the end of
the year. She is especially concerned about the possibility of having several new
members coming on board at the same time. She does appreciate the difficulty in