Mr. Paulette called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile mentioned several items of concern and cautioned the Board
not to allow these items to become dead issues.
Mr. Paulette next began with the first Administrative Item, Planning
Commission Vacancy.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile t
appoint Kevin O’Brien to replace Mr. Charles Smith on the Planning
Commission for a term to expire June, 2000. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked that Central Virginia Planning District
Commission be appointed to administer funds for the Indoor
Plumbing/Rehabilitation Loan Program for Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appoint Central
Virginia Planning District Commission to administer the Indoor
Plumbing/Rehabilitation Loan Program for Appomattox County. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from "Wet Paint" that landfill fee’s
be waived, due to additional work being required at the Commission of
Revenue’s Office.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was decided "Wet
Paint" pay their landfill fees and submit a bill for the additional
work done, with an explanation.
Mr. Paulette presented appropriation requests from the Landfill,
Virginia Institute of Government, Athletic Fund, Law Library, and
Courthouse Maintenance Fund.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was requested that
Mrs. Ferguson contact Carter Machinery to see if we have to use Carter
Machinery for repairs to the 973 due to our contract with them.
Mr. Paulette presented the membership statement for the Virginia
Institute of Government. After discussion, no action was taken to joi
this group.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate
$10,594.31 for the month of July 1996 from the Athletic Fund. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$5,598,37 from VSPA Loan (SNAP) for the Athletic Complex and $31,740.0
from VSPA Loan (SNAP) for Middle School Renovations. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.