264
Mr. Overstreet read the following Code Section: §58.1-3292: “Assessment of new
buildings substantially completed, etc.; extension of time for paying assessment: In any
county, city or town that has not adopted an ordinance pursuant to §58.1-3292.1, upon
the adoption of an ordinance so providing, all new buildings substantially completed or
fit for use and occupancy prior to November 1 of the year of completion shall be
assessed when so completed or fit for use and occupancy, and the commissioner of
revenue of such county, city or town shall enter in the books the fair market value of
such building. No partial assessment as provided herein shall become effective until
information as to the date and amount of such assessment is recorded in the office of
the official authorized to collect taxes on real property and made available for public
inspection. The total tax on any such new building for that year shall be the sum of (i)
the tax upon the assessment of the completed building, computed according to the ratio
which the portion of the year such building is substantially completed or fit for use and
occupancy bears to the entire year, and (ii) the tax upon the assessment of such new
building as it existed on January 1 of that assessment year, computed according to the
ratio which the portion of the year such building was not substantially complete or fit for
use and occupancy bears to the entire year. With respect to any assessment made
under this section after September 1 of any year, the penalty for nonpayment by
December 5, shall be extended to February 5 of the succeeding year”.
Mr. Carter asked if there was in further discussion in regards to these two (2) changes.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, December 19, 2005, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Public Hearing with the Virginia Department of Transportation at 6:00 p.m., in the
Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office, located on Linden Street,
Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney