064
Mr. Moore explained the judge sets this fee, not the Board of
Supervisors.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. & Mrs. O’Brien.
Mr. Paulette next called James E. and Carolyn Richardson to join the
Board. Mr. Paulette stated that the Board of Supervisors wished to
express their appreciation to retired Sheriff James E. Richardson for
his years of service to Appomattox County. Mr. Paulette presented
Sheriff Richardson with a plaque and a resolution acknowledging his
service to the citizens of Appomattox.
Sheriff Richardson thanked the Board and stated he appreciated being
recognized in this manner.
Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal and personnel matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 8:40 p.m. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:05 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Carwile the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the first administration item request for real
estate tax exemption by Mr. & Mrs. Raymond Dickerson for Pamplin Pipe
Factory.