O44
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the two (2) parcels being considered
for disposition. Mrs. Ferguson explained a date for public hearing
needed to be set.
After discussion, and by consensus, it was agreed to set a public
hearing for February 5, 1996 at 6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse.
Mr. Torrence asked the Board if they had a problem with a group in
Pamplin using the old Brandy Ann Factory building for a Child Care
Center.
Discussion followed with no specific action being taken.
Mr. Carwile asked if Pamplin Town Council had suggested an appointment
for the Community Center Board of Directors.
Mrs. Ferguson explained she had not received one as of this date.
Being no further administrative items, Mr. Paulette explained that an
executive session was necessary to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into executive
session at 8:45 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile, seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:45 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile, seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence.