541
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comments: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance to the
citizen.
Mr. Bobby Fulton, 1374 Stonewall Road, Appomattox, VA. He would like to
address the Board on the recent Personal Property tax increase. Most everyone has
received their tax bill by now. He is really surprised that none of his friends and
neighbors are not here tonight. He cannot understand how his personal property
increased as much as it did. Mr. Armbrust came to them during the years of his
campaigning for votes and one of the things he promised was that he would hold taxes
down. This he did not do, not only that, he cannot get in touch with Mr. Armbrust, to
discuss issues when they arise. Last year, he did not receive a cost of living raise,
health insurance rates increased as well as the price of gasoline. The voters put each of
you in office and they thought you would act in their best interest. This is something we
all should remember when we go to the polls on Tuesday.
He also feels that as elected officials, the citizens should be able to get in touch with
you. After trying to contact several Board Members, Mr. Carter returned his call. He also
attempted to e-mail the Board and these were returned “Undeliverable”. He would like
the board to reconsider this tax hike. He has not been very active in Board meetings in
the past but he will be more active in the future.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board Members phone numbers are listed in the Telephone
Directory. Also that the Board Members take their responsibilities seriously. They also
must be able to generate enough revenue to take care of the costs necessary for the
operation of County services.
Mr. Carter stated that since Mr. Don Austin, Resident Engineer, VDOT was not yet
present they would move to the next item on the agenda.
Mr. Carter called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 10)
1. Eric Eberly’s Position: As discussed at a previous meeting, Eric Eberly,
Extension Agent, has taken another position within the system and will no longer
be serving Appomattox County after November 2006. Jan Baker, District
Supervisor, has contacted Ms. Ferguson requesting that a Board member serve
on the interview committee that will be seeking a replacement for Eric. She did
not have a date as of yet for the interviews but will inform us as soon as the
applications have been received.
Staff recommends a member of the Board volunteer to serve on the interview
panel for the Extension Agent position.
In another matter, Ms. Baker would like to know if Appomattox County would be
interested in an Intern position this summer. The position would be for ten
weeks and would pay $10.00 per hour. Virginia Tech is willing to pay for one-
half of the position and the other half could be paid from vacancy savings from
Eric’s position. Ms. Baker feels this would be very beneficial to the activities being
undertaken by the Extension Office.