248
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pay Rick Lewis
$170.00 for livestock killed by stray dogs. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next mentioned that the judge’s chair needed replacing.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed for Mr.
Lawson to purchase a chair for the Judge, not to exceed $1,000.00, wi
funding to come from Courthouse Maintenance.
ct
in”
Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session at 9:38 P.M. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a miton by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger, it was resolved th
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:47 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
oO
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger the following was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative record
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedan
of Information Act; and
oo
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
Open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard ; Aiscussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was any action necessary from the executive
session.
©
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to purchase 1.8
acres of property, adjoining the landfill from Herbert and Mildred
Jamerson at $3,000.00 per acre. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosigeraye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.