51
and hardworking people and feels that receiving this permit will help them to fulfill their
dream of having a business where they can share their love of nature with others.
Mr. Spencer asked if there was anyone else present that wished to speak for or against
this petition.
Mr. Spencer then read the following letter into the record:
February 13, 2005
Thank you for notifying me of the Public Hearing scheduled for February 22 concerning the
Radcliffe/Rockwell proposal to operate a lodge off Route 623 in the County. Unfortunately, I will be out
of the country.
Ihave been a land owner along Route 623 for over 30 years and I have known the couple for the past
several years.
They are excellent nature custodians and serious people and J am certain their project will be a positive
contribution.
I support their project.
Sincerely,
James A. Moorhouse
8231 Clifton Farm Court
Alexandria, VA 22306
To Whom It May Concern:
Letter dated 02-22-05
I regret that I am unable to attend the meeting tonight with regards to the petition by Hugh Radcliffe and
Joan Rockwell.
I am an adjacent property owner and I support their proposed plans for a lodge and nature activities. This
type of facility only adds to the variety of lodging our community has to offer. A great deal of tourists who
want to surround themselves with a true nature experience would be attracted to this as opposed to those
just passing through for a quick overnight stay. Also, pets and horses could be accommodated in a
comfortable environment.
This could only enhance tourism in our community.
I too share their dream of saving our forests from the developers who rape the land of its beauty leaving
those who live in the neighborhood the unsightly mess to view on a daily basis.
After meeting Joan and Hugh, I feel they would be excellent hosts and representatives promoting tourism in
our community.
I wish them well and I look forward to helping them make their guests feel welcome in our neighborhood.
Sincerely,
Bonnie Johnson