121
from the County under the lease agreement. The obligation of the County to pay rent under the
lease agreement will be subject to the Board of Supervisors of the County making annual
appropriations for such purpose. The Bond will be secured by an assignment of rents to the Bank
as purchaser of the Bond and subsequent assignee thereof (the “Bondholder”) as the holder
thereof. If the Board of Supervisors exercises its right not to appropriate money for rent payments,
the Bondholder may terminate the lease or otherwise exclude the County from possession of the
Projects, subject to judicial authority as to the Projects. The issuance of the Bond on the terms set
forth in a bond purchase agreement is hereby approved.
The Authority hereby approves the Documents and the form of the Bond in a maximum amount of
up to $4,200,000 with the Landfill Project financed with a ten (10) year amortization at the interest
rate of 3.84% per annum and the Animal Shelter Project and the E-911 Project being financed
with a fifteen (15) year amortization at the interest rate of 3.96% per annum, with such changes,
including but not limited to changes in the amounts, dates, payment dates and rates as may be
approved by the officer executing them whose signatures shall be conclusive evidence of his
approval of the same.
The Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Authority, or either of them, and Secretary of the
Authority are each hereby authorized and directed to execute the Documents and such other
instruments and documents as are necessary to create and perfect a complete assignment of the
rents and profits due or to become due in favor of the Bank, to issue the Bond, and to lease the
Projects.
The Authority agrees to the recommendation of the County that Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller,
a Professional Corporation, Richmond, Virginia, serve as bond counsel and hereby appoints such
firm to supervise the proceedings and approve the issuance of the Bond and consents to such firm
acting in such capacity as well as Special Authority Counsel in this financing.
The Authority represents and covenants that it shall not take or omit to take any action the taking
or omission of which will cause the Bond to be an “arbitrage bond” within the meaning of Section
148 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise cause the
interest on the Bond to be includable in gross income for Federal income tax purposes under
existing law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Authority shall comply with any
provision of law that may require the Authority at any time to rebate to the United States any part
of the earnings derived from the investment of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Bond;
provided, however, the Authority is relying upon all such actions and payments, if any, to be done
and made by the County.