304
Sheriff Staples explained that he felt to totally fund this position it would take
approximately $53,000.00.
After further discussion and by consensus of the Board, Sheriff Staples was asked to get
with Mrs. Ferguson to work out the details of this request and get back to the Board.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Sheriff Staples and Sgt. Craft.
Mr. Paulette called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had been doing some checking on possible alternate cover for
the landfill. He continued that Griffin Pipe has a sand by product that he feels could be
used for daily cover. Mr. Carwile continued that the sand would be free, the only cost
would be for the hauling. Mr. Carwile felt this was worth researching.
Mr. Carwile continued that he felt the Board should consider purchasing a shredder in
order to shred and bale our waste stream, thus reducing the waste stream by 80%. Mr.
Carwile stated this action would also help with daily cover.
Mr. Paulette stated he felt that recycling was the key to waste stream reduction.
Mr. Paulette called for other concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette directed the Board’s attention to administrative items.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Stonewall Vineyards for a permit to hold a
“Halloween Jazz on the Lawn” and have the bond requirement be waived.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the permit for Stonewall
Vineyards to hold its “Halloween Jazz on the Lawn” October 25, 1997, and waive the
bond requirement. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that the Town of Appomattox had provided a lease for use of
the Courltand Field during Railroad Festival weekend.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the lease agreement
with the Town of Appomattox for use of Courtland Field , Railroad Festival weekend.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from the Railroad Festival Board for the use of the
Health Department parking lot on October 12, 1997 for an Antique Car Show.