223
WHEREAS, being a small locality, the Town of Appomattox has not had
sufficient funding from local sources to undertake this project; and
WHEREAS, not only will the extension of these lines solve the water land
sewer problems for the citizens in these areas, it will also make
several industrial or business sites more attractive to prospects; and
WHEREAS, there are Community Development Block Grant funds available
localities to help with the cost of projects of this nature;
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors at it’s meeting on March 3, 1997, strongly supports this
grant application.
to
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette mentioned the Animal Ordinance Review Committee would like
to meet with the Board on March 17, 1997 at 8:00 of this is acceptab
By consensus of the Board, it was agreed to meet with the Animal
Ordinance Committee on March 17, 1997 at 8:00 p.m.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the American Legion for use of
the Courtland Field.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow American
Legion Post 104 to use the Courtland Field on April 30, 1997 for a
circus. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented an appropriation request from the
Commission of Revenue.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $151.
to cover refunds on assessment of taxes. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, ay
At 8:37 p.m. being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to adjourn until March 10, 1997 at 7:00 p.m
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moo:
aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mbp cfd
=O-R-0
re,
Chaivman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on March 10, 1997 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District