633
Sheriff's Department - The County pays $1,000 per Sheriff’s Department employee, as
was determined by the Board several years ago. Their salary increase is not calculated
on this money, just what the State provides. The $15,000 in overtime is all county
funded as well as $3,000 for parades, festivals, etc. The only monies the State funds is
salaries/benefits. All other expenditures are funded by the County.
This budget also includes the purchase of 4 new vehicles.
$49,000 is usually reimbursed by the Town of Appomattox. This is the greater portion
of a salary for one deputy. This is usually salary for a newer member of the
department, thus the lowest salary range.
The School Resource Officers are entirely funded by the County.
Fire Department - Pamplin Fire Department has not been included in these figures. We
need to add $55,513. If we put $25,000 into the Fire Department budget for new
communication equipment, we need to do an equal amount for the Rescue Squad.
According to Mr. Wingfield, most of this is money from the Fire Program. He explained
exactly what was involved in the communication system for the Fire Departments.
Office of Building & Housing — Increased by $17,000 for a new vehicle. The one he has
is a 1999 or 2000 model. There was a lot of discussion regarding this. There was some
concern over the Building Inspector not having a four wheel drive vehicle.
Animal Control — Their budget was reduced somewhat. Mr. Martin had requested over-
time money, Ms. Ferguson removed it. With two (2) wardens, she did not feel the need
to work any overtime. If they have to work overtime — they can take it off as
compensatory time.
Emergency Services — Ms. Ferguson has increased this slightly. There are some issues
that are arising in the next year and she is hoping to avoid hiring another part-time
person.
E-911 Services — This budget will remain about the same as is at the present time.
There is also a chance that we can reduce this some.
Refuse Collection — increases in salaries and vehicle power equipment supplies
(gasoline).
Refuse Disposal — The Hurt & Proffitt study has indicated the need to open a new cell.
We are at that point, we are having more analysis done so that we can be confidant that
this is the right decision.
General Properties — Mr. Watkins left some items out of his budget. We need to add
the liability insurance at $45,000; $10,000 under water & sewer; $2,000 for boiler
insurance, for a total budget of $425,472.
Central Va. Community Services — slight increase.