82
e Special Congressional Appropriation Grants - 100% grant through the
Department of Agriculture — Needs congressional sponsor
e Virginia Resources Authority — Low interest loans through the Commonwealth
e Virginia Revolving Loan Fund — Flexible low interest loan ranging from 1% to
prevailing rate (usually less than preferred bank financed). Interest rate is set
based on ability to pay
e Virginia Municipal League Loan Fund (VML) — Low interest loans through VML
sponsored loan fund program available only to local governments
e Virginia Department of Health — Federally sponsored construction loans with
interest rates dependent on the low to moderate income population to be
served
Mr. Gillespie concluded by saying that Appomattox is strategically positioned for
economic development with clear advantages and the next step to bringing jobs to the
County is a sufficient water supply. The decisions that need to made are:
Continue as is and make system improvement
Continue to Produce or Purchase Wholesale
Proceed with development of PSA
Secure funding for preferred alternative
Design and construct preferred alternative.
Secure funding for preferred alternative
Design and construct preferred alternative.
There was a brief question and answer period.
Mr. Gillespie stated that what they wanted to leave with the group tonight is some of
the decisions you need to make - continue as is, continue or produce wholesale,
proceed with the development of a PSA.
Mr. Gillespie introduced Mr. Tom Fore, who has worked with a PSA, worked in a PSA as
an employee, he now has oversite across the Board and probably has more experience
than anyone else in this room as far as a PSA is concerned.
Mr. Fore stated he is not here as a consultant. He produces water for the Town of
Amherst and is Superintendent for the Water and Wastewater for Amherst. He has
been doing this for 25 years. He was a member of the Amherst County Board of
Supervisors when they set up their Public Service Authority. They have been successful
in building their water and sewer systems to a greater capacity. With a Public Service
Authority you can do more. They created watersheds which have proved to be
beneficial. Their PSA is made up of the Board of Supervisors. However, you can
determine how you want to set up your PSA.
In Amherst, if a water line is within so many feet of your property, when you move in, it
is mandatory that you hook in. However, if the water line is being installed down your
road, they will offer you a hook up at a reduced rate. If later you decided to hook up,
you will pay whatever the going rate is at that time.
Mr. Fore is presently working to establish a Broad Band PSA for Amherst County.