035
Mr. Paulette next presented a proposal from Montoro & Associates, P.C.
for the Turn Over audit for the Sheriff’s Department. The total fee
was estimated to be $1,200.00.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
appropriate $1,200.00 for turn over audit for the Sheriff’s
Department. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Mr. Paulette then explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a personnel and legal matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session to discuss legal and personnel matters. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley, seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 7:00 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked the pleasure of the Board concerning Lela Mann’s
raise.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to increase Lela
Mann’s salary to $5.50 per hour. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Being nothing further, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
to adjourn until December 28, 1995 at 12:00 in the School Board
Conference Room. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
Chairman