141 |
to move the Courthouse Precinct from the Courthouse Building. Mr.
Foxwell continued by stating he had spoken with Dr. Thomas and there
was no objection to using the conference room.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore for
County Attorney, Thomas Lawson, to proceed with the process to move the
Courthouse voting precinct from the Courthouse to the Courtland
Building Conference room. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Foxwell then requested the Board of Supervisors approve an
additional $450.00 to their budget to pay Mr. Gene Barnes to train the
new voting machine technicians.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer $450.00
from 1101 to 1301-3002. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further for Messers. Foxwell and Wingfield, Mr. Paulette
thanked and excused them.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. & Mrs. Richard Stein and Mr. Bill Houchen:
to appear before the Board.
1%
Mr. Houchens began by explaining the background of Wolf Creek Estates,
located off Route 627. Mr. Houchens explained that Wolf Creek Estates
had originally been platted from a topographical map and that no ground
survey work had been done. Mr. Houchens continued that when the actual
ground survey was done, Mr. Stein did not own what his original plat
indicated.
Mr. Stein then explained to the Board of Supervisors that he was
requesting approval to record a deed and plat of correction so that he,
in fact, would own what he thought he had purchased. Mr. Stein
continued that when he took the amended plat in for approval, he was
told that by adjusting the acreage on two (2) lots in order to make hi
lot correct, this constituted a subdivision of property that did not
meet the requirements of the Subdivision Ordinance.
UW
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve the plat of Wolf Creek Estates, Lots 15, 16, 21, 22 and 23, as
amended January 9, 1995. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused the Steins and Mr. Houchens and called
Tracy Chernault, President, Appomattox County Historical Society, Inc.)
to appear before the Board. |
Mr. Chernault stated he was attending the meeting on behalf of the
Appomattox County Historical Society and he wished to make several
requests of the Board of Supervisors. Tracy stated his first request
was for the Board to install heat in the "Old Jail" building. Mr.
Chernault explained the Historical Society’s goal was to open the
museum year round and this required a minimum amount of heat to make