374
On Wednesday, May 3, 2006 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Budget Work Session in the old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Courtroom, Upper
Level of the County Administration Building located at 175 Morton Lane, Appomattox,
VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the work session to order and welcomed everyone
present and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter welcomed the Animal Welfare Action Group (AWAG) and asked Ms. Magda
Liska, President to address the Board. Ms. Liska stated they really wanted the chance
to let you know about some of the animals that come into AWAG. When owners do not
have time to devote to these animals, some choose to surrender them to the County or
to AWAG. Those that are not, end up becoming a nuisance to the community. The
average stay in foster care is approximately two (2) months — they are fixed, vaccinated,
treated for whatever illnesses they may have and cleaned up and cared for.
Some of the things they would like to present to the Board are:
1. Increase licensing fees $5.00 for altered animals;
and $8 to $10 for unaltered animals.
2. Enforcement — some counties do door-to-door with part-time help to gather
information on animals.
- other counties use mail to get this information.
As of July 1, 2006 the State mandated that veterinarians send copies of
vaccination certificates to the County Treasurer's Office.
3. Hire additional Animal Control Warden Officer — the increased licensing fees
should provide revenue for this position.
4. This additional personnel could also return calls from the Animal Control
Officer.
5. Provide public awareness of low cost spay and neuter services.
Ms. Diane Miller, Treasurer of AWAG, provided a handout of the number of animals they
worked with in 2005. They did have a grant for spay and neuter to help those who were
unable to bear the cost of these services. They also have a container at Triangle Plaza
for aluminum cans and over 1700 pounds of cans were kept out of the landfill because
of this recycling effort by AWAG. When the County stopped taking cats at the animal
pound in 2005, AWAG stepped up and spent over $5,000.00 vetting, fixing and cat food.
They also provide transportation for puppies to be sent to New York State for adoption.
They hold these puppies for about two (2) weeks for worming and giving shots. They
volunteer to transport these animals at their expense. The revenue for adoption fees
was about $6,200.00. Current adoption fees are $75.00 for dogs and $45.00 for cats.