031
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter into
executive session at 8:45 p.m. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:15 P.M. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedon
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to have Mr. Lawson,
County Attorney proceed with agreement on precinct right-of-way on
Route 648 and the Route 648 container site. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
schedule a public hearing on January 15, 1996 at 6:30 p.m. concerning
the disposition of a small portion of County property near the School
Bus Shop.
Being no further business, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to recess until after the public hearing on December 18, 1995.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. nn aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Oyly€Sul
Chairman