294
for them to bring these ideas before the Board so that you can hear what the needs are
and what the interests are of people in the community for use of CDBG money. A
month from now, another public hearing would be held on a specific topic that the
County proposes to look at to submit a CDBG application for. If it is the Carver-Price
School, we would have a much clearer idea of what this application would do,
renovation wise.
Mr. Christie introduced Scott Smith, who is doing grant writing and community
development projects. His last position was Main Street Director for the City of Bedford.
He has a very strong background and knowledge of grants and down-town
development. They will be glad to answer any questions that the Board or the general
public may have. They also have some handouts related to CDBG and what is involved
with it.
Mr. Conrad questioned if according to the documentation given to the Board tonight,
indicates that out of the $8.5 million that is earmarked for competitive purposes, that
we could be eligible for up to $700,000, based on a community facility.
Mr. Christie stated that there were different caps on different types of projects for
economic development or housing. But for the Carver-Price project you could get up to
$700,000 to be used for renovation, etc. Also, there is no match required necessarily,
but because you are competing with other communities, the more you can put out as a
match, the better the application looks. He feels that the monies CVCC puts into this
project could act as matching funds.
Mr. Bill Slagle, Route 2, Box 400, Spout Spring, VA: Mr. Slagle is here to
encourage the efforts for a workforce training center. The educational opportunities
offered by Central Virginia Community College is critical for people to upgrade their
skills. Another reason is that there is no public transportation to and from the
community colleges in the area and this can be a barrier for those who wish to further
their skills and education. Also, for businesses already here and for those proposing to
locate here, this would be an asset for the County. It could also offer unemployed and
under-employed citizens a way to get a better job.
Ms. Martha Eagle, Appomattox County Schools: Ms. Eagle stated she was
speaking on behalf of the Appomattox County Public School Division. The school
division supports fully the concept of the Workforce Development Center at the Carver-
Price Complex for Appomattox County. Appomattox generally has the highest
unemployment rate in the region. They also have a significant number of residents who
have neither a high school diploma nor a General Education Development (GED)
diploma. These two factors would make Appomattox a prime location for a workforce
training center. The rural nature of Appomattox, coupled with the lack of public
transportation to the City of Lynchburg as well as Farmville, have hindered many of our
residents from pursuing employment or training. Having a facility within the County
would mediate these barriers, and open new doors for many of our residents. We
believe that the workforce development center would be a catalysis to significant
economic improvements for Appomattox County and a wonderful adjunct to our high