154
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr.Gobble and Mrs. Carter next discussed the need to haul dirt from the
proposed new cell area to Cell "I" to use for cover.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to pay
the employees overtime to accomplish this task.
Mr. Gobble and Mrs. Carter also discussed the use of tire chips as
alternative cover material. They explained they felt this was not
working out for several reasons: 1) the compaction was not as good as
using soil; 3) the wire caused major problems with final drives and 3)
the wire caused numerous flat tires on the trucks.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
discontinue use of tire chips as alternative cover material.
Being nothing further for Mr. Gobble and Mrs. Carter, Mr. Paulette
thanked and excused them.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the School Board to apply
for VPSA loan for the middle school project.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County School Board needs $5,000,000.00 to
be used to construct addition and renovate existing building at the
Appomattox Middle School.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County School Board is eligible to receive
financing for this construction through the Virginia Public School
Authority 1996 Literary Loan Conversion Program, and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that the Division Superintendent of Appomattox County
Schools is authorized to file on behalf of the school board an
application to participate in the VPSA 1996 Literary Loan Conversion
Program to finance the construction of an addition and renovation of
the Appomattox Middle School.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented Appomattox County’s VJCCCA plan for
approval.
After review and discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
VIRGINIA JUVENILE COMMUNITY CRIME CONTROL ACT LOCAL PLAN
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox agrees to participate in the Virginia
Juvenile Community Crime Control Act; and