351
presented to the Board for review. If the present legislature passes, we will be allowed
to place this in the ordinance.
Mr. Carter stated that there were two (2) persons present who wished to address the
Board.
Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Joe Hale of HDH Associates is appearing to inform the
Board of a major corporate donation of roofing materials for the Gymnasium of the
Carver-Price School. He will also discuss the possibility of free or reduced labor to install
these materials. His firm has previously estimated the cost to replace this roof to be
around $90,000.00.
Mr. Hale presented the Board with a hand out of the roofing information and a sample
of the material.
Mr. Hale stated that this will be the fifth time he has been successful in getting
corporate help with a worth-while project. Three has been successful and one did not
get off the ground because he probably did not handle it right and the county involved
really messed it up.
This is about a $90,000 budget item. He had told Ms. Ferguson and Mr. Spencer some
time ago he would try to get some involvement on the gym, since it’s a county
community facility. The material cost alone is about $34,000 and Firestone Building
Products and their Vice-President Jim Hall, has agreed that they will supply the next
generation PTO product. One of the reasons for doing this is to have a building to
watch and monitor the life of the roof for up to ten (10) years. HDH will provide
technicians to monitor this.
We will need to prepare a Memorandum of Understanding and submit to Mr. Overstreet
for review. Using volunteer help, we will also need to include a Hold Harmless Clause.
If we can get a good roof on this facility, then we can talk to other folks about getting
some of the other renovations done, as this property is a tremendous asset to the
County.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Hale for his informative presentation and called Mr. Johnnie
Roark, County Planner to address the Board.
Mr. Johnnie Roark — County Planner: Mr. Roark presented a hand-out for the
hiking/biking trail — Planning Study.
Mr. Roark began by saying that for the past several months, we have discussed with Mr.
Reed Johnson, the proposed trails system and the various issues of funding and how do
we get from point A to point B. Here we have an opportunity of securing Federal money
through the SAFETEA program which is a descendent of the old ISTEA and TEA21
programs. This money just became available around March 23% and there is an
opportunity for us to submit a planning grant application and get some money there to
look at a leg of that trail, not the entire trail, but the leg of the trail from the old
elementary school up to the park boundary on Route 24. In order to qualify for this