24
Ms. Martin called the Appomattox County School Board meeting to order and turned the
meeting over to Dr. Krug.
Dr. Krug welcomed everyone and began his presentation. Some of the things they will
discuss tonight will be some of the achievements from 2004 and some of the challenges
that they are facing now, the facilities, and other concerns as they may arise. The
vision for our schools is that we have students and staff learning and succeeding in a
caring environment. They have academic goals, job skills and work ethics, technology
and emphasis on citizenship and community service.
Dr. Krug explained that there are four (4) districts used in how our schools measure up:
1) Failing School District; 2) Minimal School District; 3) Adequate School District; and 4)
Cutting Edge School District. Appomattox for the most part falls in the Adequate School
District. There are some programs that are cutting edge, some that we need to work
on, but overall we fall in the Adequate Range. All of our schools are fully accredited by
the State but not all of our schools met the Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) under
Federal legislation. A high percentage of our staff meet the Federal definition of “Highly
Qualified” teachers. Our staff salaries are not at the fair market value. Some of our
facilities are up to date and well maintained (the Elementary School for example). The
maintenance staff does the best it can but we still have a number of facility upgrades
and maintenance needs.
Dr. Krug continued with the achievement of 2004, the accountability in 2005, and the
No Child Left Behind Act.
Dr. Krug talked about the increased funding from federal, state and local levels. He
thanked the Board for the additional local funding. This increased funding would allow
for more competitive salaries and benefits for employees. This funding also allowed the
following programs and services to be added:
e Appomattox Primary School:
An additional class for at-risk 4 year old children
Maintenance of small class sizes — 20:1
Alternative reading program
e Appomattox Elementary School:
An additional teacher for 5“ grade
Maintenance of small class sizes — 19:1
Alternative reading programs
Expanded Accelerated Reader and Compass Learning (computer software
programs.
e Appomattox Middle School:
Reading Teacher
Reading class for at-risk 6" grade students
e Appomattox County High School:
Year-long English class for at-risk 9" grade students (ACHS is on block
schedule; students normally have English for one semester)