461
§162-21. Assessment of license fee
(A) There is hereby assessed to any person owning a motor vehicle normally garaged, stored or
parked in Appomattox County on January 1" of each year a Appomattox county motor vehicle
license fee.
(B) The Chief of each volunteer fire department and volunteer emergency rescue squad will prepare
and certify a list of active members of his department or squad who regularly respond to calls or
perform other duties for the department or squad and who reside in the County outside the
corporate limits of the Town of Appomattox. The certified list will include the complete name of
each individual, his residence address, and the identification number, and description of the cars
owned or leased by such active member and to be certified for exemption. Each individual so
certified will complete the required application form, submit it to his chief who will attach all
individual applications to the certified listing and submit to the Treasurer of the County. After
reviewing and comparing the certified listings and applications with the personal property tax
rolls, the Treasurer will exempt to each certified member two license fees without charge. No
member of a volunteer rescue squad or volunteer fire department shall be issued an exception for
more than two vehicles free of charge.
§162-22. Amount of fee — Passenger motor vehicles; trucks; motorcycles; transitional provisions
for 2007 license year only.
(A) On each and every passenger vehicle and truck there shall be an annual license fee of twenty-five
dollars; and on each and every motorcycle, with or without a sidecar, a license fee of twenty-four
dollars.
(B) The amount of the license fee imposed by Appomattox county under this article shall not be
greater than the amount of the license fee imposed by the Commonwealth on said vehicle.
(C) Transitional provisions effective for 2007 license year only. Notwithstanding the preceding
subsections, in order to adjust the amount of the vehicle license fee for the 2007 license year in
recognition of the transition from the former March 31, 2007 due date for decals to the new
December 5, 2006 due date for vehicle license fees, the vehicle fee for the 2007 license year only
is hereby reduced such that the fee shall be eighteen dollars ($18.00) on each and every passenger
vehicle and truck, and is hereby reduced such that the fee on each and every motorcycle shall be
seventeen ($17.00). This subsection shall automatically expire on or before December 5, 2007
and all annual County license fees for the 2008 license year and section and such fees shall be
payable on or before December 5" of each year, beginning December 5, 2007. All other license
fees for vehicles not set out herein shall be adjusted in the same manner for license year 2007.
§162-23. Same-Exemptions and reductions.
The provisions of this article shall not be construed as to impose a license fee upon any motor vehicle
when:
(A) The motor vehicle is operated by a common carrier of persons or property operating between
cities and towns in the Commonwealth and not in intracity transportation or between cities and
towns on the one hand and points and places without cities and towns on the other not intractiy
transportation;
(B) Antique motor vehicles and antique trailers, as defined in VA CODE ANN 46.2-100, registered
and licensed by the State in accordance with VA CODE ANN 46.2-730a shall be exempt from
the payment of the license fee levied under this article, provided that other conditions prescribed
herein are met.