672
Recommendation is that the Board consider changing the current job title from
E911 Communication Center Coordinator to Public Safety Director/911
Coordinator with revised job description.
Ms. Ferguson stated this position should have been listed as Public Safety Director from
the beginning. There have not been any arrangements made to upgrade this salary
range, however, this is probably in order considering all of the responsibilities that Mr.
Wingfield has that have nothing to do with Public Safety or the 911 Coordinator
positions. The main focus at this time is to bring this position up to the Public Safety
Director officially.
Job Description
Public Safety Director/911 Coordinator
The Public Safety Director/g11 Coordinator will serve as the director of emergency
services for Appomattox County. This position would be responsible for the day to day
emergency management functions to include vulnerability assessment, emergency plan
writing and maintenance, and coordination of State and Federal requirements related to
the office. This position would also be responsible for the management of Homeland
Defense and Virginia Department of Emergency Management. The Director is
responsible for the coordination and management of any man-made or natural disaster.
The Director of Public Safety/gu Coordinator will assign all new Physical Addresses and
Street name for the County.
The Director is the primary leader of the Emergency Communications Center, which
entails developing and implementing policies, managing the emergency communication
budget and serving under the direction of the County Administrator.
The Director will assist the County Administrator in reviewing the fiscal budgets of
Fire/Rescue departments in Appomattox County.
The Public Safety Director or a Designee will serve as the Biosolids Monitor for the
County.
Public Safety Staff:
Bobby Wingfield - Public Safety Director/911 Coordinator
Libby Ashby - Communications Supervisor
Freddy Godsey - Emergency Coordinator (part-time)
Vicky Phelps - Public Information Office (PIO)
Appomattox County Emergency Communications Dispatchers
Appomattox Fire Department - Chief
Appomattox Rescue Squad - Captain
Pamplin Fire Department - Chief
Pamplin EMS - Captain
Fire Marshall
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the change of Mr.
Wingfield’s Job Title and adopt the above Job Description to Public Safety Director/911
Coordinator. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes- 1 absent)