253
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Lawson if he had information on the proposed
franchise renewal.
Mr. Lawson stated he had reviewed the agreement and there was only one
area that he wished the Board to decide on. The issue was concerned
with whether the Board should require a bond.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that no bond be
required in the cable TV franchise agreement. Vote: Mr. Paulette, ay
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette next welcomed Mr. Richard Martin, Director of Social
Services and Mrs. Regina Trent, Office Manager and asked that they
explain their proposed FY98 budget request.
A lengthy review of Social Services proposed FY98 budget followed with
Mr. Martin and Mrs. Trent answering questions of Board members.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette reminded the other Board members of Mr
Martin’s request for furniture and special needs funds.
Mr. Martin presented a report showing expenditures of the 1993 funds
received for Special Needs and explained he had not received prices f
the furniture, as of yet.
Mr. Martin next explained a new initiative designed to reduce out of
wedlock births and requested a resolution of support for this project
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTIONIN SUPPORT OF
THE PARINERS IN PREVENTION INITIATIVE
WHEREAS, the federal government has allocated $100 million dollars in
each of federal fiscal years 1999 and 2002 to be divided among the fi
states that have most reduced out-of-wedlock births in the previous t
years without an increase in the abortion rate; and,
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia has become the first state in t
nation to announce its candidacy for one of these federal awards by
supplying incentivies to local governments, service agencies, religious
institutions, nonprofit organizations amd citizens to develop local
solutions to the out-of-wedlock birth problem; and,
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia will provide technical and othe
forms of startup assistance to any Virginia localities that officiall
partner with the state in competition for the federal award, and the
state proposes to distribute any federal award Virginia receives
directly to it’s Partners in Prevention; and,
WHEREAS, a locality becomes a Partner in Prevention by adopting a
formal resolution of participation in the initiative and by submittins
Dr
ive
WO
nerte}