380
County, since it has the most central location, but should also look at the need for holding
cells in Appomattox.
2. Preliminary Costs:
In order to pay for the Community Based Corrections Plan and the Planning
Study, as well as to secure a legal advisor and financial advisor for the project, the
counties agree to an initial budget of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00). The
counties shall share the actual costs of such services up to that amount on the basis of the
population of the two counties based on the 2000 U. S. Census. Amherst County agrees
to be the procurement agent for all contracts, and shall bill the other county for its
respective portion of the costs when necessary.
3. Authority to County Administrators:
The county administrators are authorized by their respective boards to make
decisions on behalf of their county as to all contracts relative to the project, as long as the
One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00) budget is not exceeded. No contracts
shall be entered into or obligations made for payment for services without consent of both
county administrators in writing.
4. Submission of Report to Board:
The county administrators shall prepare a report for the Boards of Supervisors
including the Community Based Corrections Plan, the Planning Study, a preliminary
financing plan and a preliminary operational plan for a regional jail serving the two
counties, including the option of contracting with another regional jail authority, such as
the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority, to operate the regional jail.
5. Effect of Memorandum of Understanding:
Nothing in this Memorandum of Understanding shall bind either of the Boards of
Supervisors to any obligation beyond those set forth herein, and either of the counties can
decide not to proceed with the project following the submission of the report.
WHEREFORE, the parties evidence their agreement to enter into this
Memorandum of Understanding by their duly authorized signatures below.
AMHERST COUNTY
BY:
David Proffitt
Interim County Administrator