211
Mr. Paulette next recognized Mr. Lloyd Cobb and asked him to come
before the Board.
Mr. Cobb came forward and stated his purpose for meeting with the Board
was to seek guidance in a problem the citizens of Pamplin were having.
Mr. Cobb explained he and a group of citizens were trying to get a
playground in Pamplin and was receiving no cooperation from the Pamplin
Town Council. Mr. Cobb questioned Code Sections concerning the
County’s responsibility to provide recreation department.
Discussion continued with information being provided concerning CHCD
grants and the Town and County’s responsibilities for providing
recreation department for County youth.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Cobb and asked representatives
with the United Way of Central Virginia to come before the Board.
Mr. Sonny Conner began by thanking the Board for the opportunity given
them to address the Board concerning the United Way of Central
Virginia. Mr. Conner explained the "donor’s choice" option given
United Way participants and stated he felt this could really help
Appomattox organizations. Mr. Conner then asked Ms. Linda Jones,
President, United Way of Central Virginia, to give the Board of
Supervisors an overview of the organization.
Ms. Linda Jones, began by going over the packet of information provided
earlier to each Board member concerning the mission of the United Way,
the service area, standard criteria for affiliate agency’s, etc.
Members of the Board of Supervisors asked questions concerning local
affiliate agency’s.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
endorse the United Way concept for the Appomattox area. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Bruce Stratton, Captain of Concord
Volunteer Rescue Squad, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Stratton explained that there were several changes taking place in
Concord that he felt necessitated some action from the Board. Mr.
Stratton continued that part of Concord Volunteer Rescue Squad’s
territory was in Appomattox County and that with Campbell County’s E911
coming into place, they would no longer be dispatching their own
emergency calls. Mr. Stratton explained he could not find any formal
acknowledgement from the Board of Supervisors concerning Concord aaa |
Squad answering calls in Appomattox County.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence,
to recognize Concord Rescue Squad as emergency medical service
providers to a portion of Appomattox County citizens. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.