282
2. Meeting Room Renovation at Appomattox Town Office: David Garrett
has provided an estimate of $150,000 to $200,000 to renovate the 3,000 square
foot bottom level of the Town Office into meeting space that could be used by
the County. The Town would like to know as soon as possible if the Board
wishes to financially participate in this project.
Mr. Carter stated the preliminary drawing presented by Mr. Garrett is pretty much the
same as what the Board previously reviewed from the last meeting. He feels he
personally needs more time to study this before making a commitment.
Mr. Conrad has reservations as to the ownership rights, etc. The concept is good and
would probably be an effective way to carry on our meetings but has reservations about
approving this at the present time.
Ms. Ferguson will have someone review some old minutes regarding this building.
Mr. Armbrust feels we should also look at other options.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to table action on this issue until
a future meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 6:38 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess prior to the Public Hearing to be held at 7:00
p.m.
At 7:22 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board Meeting.
Mr. Carter next welcomed Paul Lee of Robinson, Farmer & Cox Associates: Mr.
Lee will discuss the draft Fiscal Report for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2005.
Mr. Lee stated that as in the past, there has been no problem in the audit. Everything
has come out fine. The staff has been doing an excellent job. This is the third year we
have been under the GASB 34. Mr. Lee reviewed the draft report. We are currently
adding enough to the assets to overcome the depreciations.
Mr. Craft had a question regarding the “Delinquent Taxes” figure.
Mr. Lee stated that this figure included current tax installments that were due in June
and are not paid until December.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Lee.
Mr. Carter then called for ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1, 3-5)
1. HDH Contract for Design Work at Carver-Price School: HDH, the firm
assisting with the adaptive reuse of the Carver-Price School, has submitted a
scope of work relating to the Window and Roofing Replacement Project. The
roof and front windows of the original building are scheduled to be replaced
along with the roof over the 3 grade wing (future CVCC area). Short-term