213
On Monday, September 19, 2005, at 6:30 p.m., the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held their regularly scheduled meeting in Council Chambers of the
Appomattox Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John G. Overstreet - County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation after which Mr. Carter asked everyone to join in the pledge of Allegiance to
the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda. There were no additions at this
time.
At 6:33 p.m. Mr. Carter called for the Citizen Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizens.
No one asked to address the Board.
Mr. Carter next called the Appomattox Veterans Wall of Honor Committee to
address the Board: Mr. Craig L. Carroll and other members of the Appomattox Veterans
Wall of Honor Committee will present their proposal for a wall of honor in Courthouse
Square. This matter has been presented before. The project has been revised and
expanded and a new committee has been formed to continue the work.
Mr. Craig L. Carroll stated they had two (2) things they wished to discuss with the
Board. He began by stating that the American Legion in Appomattox County was
formed in 1917 right after World War I. Mr. Carroll gave a brief history of how
Appomattox began Post #104. Shortly after World War II, the Post had it first Honor
Guard. A new Honor Guard was formed recently because for the past 34 years, Post
#16 out of Lynchburg had performed the Honor Guard duties for Post #104. The Honor
Guard consists of James (Buck) Owens, Keith Hamilton, Mike Lucas, Howard Gregory
and Avery Dalton. Post #104 will have the honor of representing the State of Virginia
and conducting the ceremonies at the Veterans Day Ceremonies at the Capitol.
It is his understanding that this memorial monument had been presented to the County
at a previous date. When they were approached recently regarding this monument, they
agreed to continue with this, but with some changes. The Wall of Honor will be
dedicated to all veteran groups — anyone who has served their country. This would not