418
Mr. Spiggle: The State of Virginia has mandated to us that we have an alternate supply
of water or plan. The State has pretty well said you are on your own. If you want to go
to the James River-wonderful, Knock your self out, but you will not get any money. We
have a million dollars through Congressman Goode and probably could get more if we
get serious about this thing and get down to the nitty-gritty and establish what we are
going to do.
Mr. Conner: He personally went to Richmond and got a million dollars to put the
waterline down Mr. Athos Road, so he knows money is out there. The money is there,
all you have to do is go get it.
Mr. Carter: What we have to look at is that this goes back to 2002 on studies. So this
is just another part in helping the Board make a decision. We need to hear what was
discussed here tonight.
Mr. Spiggle: We need to make a decision and let Campbell County know something
before September, which isn’t that far way.
Mr. Lewis: The next step is to establish a PSA and make a decision and start the
negotiation process.
Ms. Ferguson: We need to decide to do the water line, or do nothing. There is a lot of
negotiation that needs to go into this project.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson to place this issue on the Agenda for the Board of
Supervisors meeting on Monday, June 19, 2006.
Mr. Carter thanked the IDA members for being present.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board they had a couple of items that needed to be
addressed tonight:
1. CVCC Project: Contractors did a walk through today for the pre-bid
conference. One of the questions was “Will the County waive building permit
fees?” Also, she will ask that the Landfill fees also be waived, if we do not have
to haul to Campbell County.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to waive the
building permit fee for the CVCC project at the old elementary school. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes - 1
absent)
2. CSA Coordinator Position: Ms. Ferguson is requesting approval of the Job
Description for a CSA Coordinator Position for Appomattox County and also
permission to advertise for the CSA Coordinator Position for Appomattox County.
Our job description is different from Campbell County’s. She has basically taken
three (3) job descriptions and developed one for Appomattox. Barry Elder,