299
Mr. Carter stated he has been getting a different story. Everyone he has spoken to
regarding this, at first were against this plan. However, when it comes to promoting
tourism in and around the Historical Park, they seem to have a change of heart and
think it may be a good idea.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to deny the request by the National
Historical Park Service to lower the speed limit along Route 24 for the purpose of
establishing a hiking/biking trail along this route. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, nay. (4 aye and 1 nay vote)
3. Planning Commission Appointment: Mr. Craft has someone that is willing to
serve on the Planning Commission from the Appomattox River District.
Mr. Craft stated that Mr. George (Spud) Almond has expressed a desire to serve on the
Planning Commission as the representative from the Appomattox River District. Mr.
Almond works for J. E. Jamerson & Sons. Jamerson has very little going on in the
County at the present time. Mr. Craft feels Mr. Almond will make an excellent addition
to the Planning Commission.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint George Almond to the
Planning Commission for a two (2) year term to commence 1/1/2006 and end on
12/31/2008. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Resolution request from Central Virginia Community Services Board:
Augustine Fagan, Executive Director, writes asking the Board to adopt a
resolution allowing Central Virginia Community Services to participate in the
VML/VACo Commercial Paper Finance Program.
Mr. Overstreet commented that this does not require anything unusual as the Code of
Virginia requires that the Community Services Board be authorized by the participating
localities before borrowing money and he thinks they feel this applies to refinancing.
The language is such that the County is not pledging re-payment or full faith in credit.
The County does not have any obligation, this is just a statutory requirement. This
appears to him to be a re-financing. He does not have any problems with this resolution
as submitted.
After some discussion by Mr. Craft, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft,
to adopt the following resolution allowing Central Virginia Community Services to
participate in the VML/VACo Commercial Paper Finance Program:
RESOLUTION OF THE
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
APPROVING THE ISSUANCE OF DEBT BY THE
CENTRAL VIRGINIA COMMUNITY SERVICES BOARD
AND RELATED MATTERS