629
not already aware of, they are some things that sound better than they are. You cannot
limit this taxation to persons making a living on a farm. You can limit it to those who
qualify under whatever segments you specify. You cannot exclude anyone who
qualifies, including the big timber companies, the horse farms with the expensive white
board fences, and there are some benefits to the agriculture community. He, himself,
has some land in a couple of counties that is in land use. The roll back on assessed
value does not necessarily change upon the sale of property, only if the property use
changes. Of course, if you defer a certain portion of your tax base, you have to make it
up someplace else. You will have to increase your tax rate, this moves across the
board, including those who are benefiting from the Land Use Ordinance.
Mr. Conrad — Have you noticed in some counties that have adopted Land Use and
transferred that tax rate, have you gotten a feel or handle on how much generally a lot
of these tax rates have increased as a result of this?
There are a couple of things that work here. One, is that they are deferring
approximately 10% to 12% of their tax base. Another thing that comes into play is how
much commercial and industrial properties you have to help absorb some of this tax
rate.
It also depends on how many applicants you have applying for this deferment .
Another pitfall he has seen is, when you do a re-assessment and you say here is the
new base, you don’t want to talk about a rate until you know what tax deferments you
may have.
Mr. Conrad - Do you think if the counties had the power to tailor this Land Use
program based on the dynamics of the county, would there be a lot of changes in this or
do you basically stick to the program as it is?
He is not sure, you could certainly try. There are some counties that currently have
Land Use that would like to get rid of it. This is difficult too.
Mr. Craft - How often should a locality do a re-assessment?
6 years to too long between re-assessment. The way the market is changing, most
rural counties are going to a 4 year period.
Mr. Carter — How often would you recommend a re-assessment be done?
Every 4 years is what he would recommend. The sales market in Appomattox is
increasing as out of area buyers are paying more for land than locals are willing to pay.
Using a 6 years re-assessment period, you will find that values really go up a lot in this
time. Using a 4 years period, values would not be as great. You also have to factor in
the cost of the re-assessment.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Wingate for coming and for his comments.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns: (Item 16)