235
(1) Who actually owns this property and who is it deeded to. The answer was the
Corporation, which has four (4) owners.
(2) Can you disclose those owners? Tommy O’Brien, Gary Warner and two other
people in Arizona.
Mr. Armbrust asked if this was the make-up of the Corporation. Answer: Yes
Mr. Warner stated the deed has been recorded at the Courthouse.
Mr. Spencer reminded everyone that the Planning Commission would be holding it’s
meeting at the old J & D Courtroom in the County Administration Building immediately
following this public hearing.
Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 7:20 a.m.
= 2.0
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Tuesday, October 18, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Special Called Meeting/Workshop at 6:30 p.m. in the old J & D. Courtroom located in the
Administration Building on Morton Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (arrived at 7:16 p.m.)
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Janet Belter — Treasurer
Monte Mays — Commissioner of Revenue
Roxanne Mundy — Clerk — Appomattox Town Office
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Monte Mays gave a recap of a recent legislative workshop he had attended in Richmond
regarding the Personal Property Tax Reimbursement Act. The legislature has capped
our reimbursement. They have tried to give the localities a formula to plug the numbers
in to try to get as close as possible to have some effect on the County before they say
“This is what you are going to get”. The legislature will tell us what our reduction rate
will be around March 1, 2006. He was provided with a formula to go by. He has one of
his deputies working on this. Once these figures are completed we will have some idea