660
those that were on the 1998 list would be addressed by the year 2010. This means that
a plan would be developed on how to get the impairment down to an acceptable level.
Several years ago, the DEQ hired George Mason University and a consulting engineering
firm called The Lewis Berger Group from Maryland to develop a TMDL study of the
bacteria in the rivers which is a computer model to identify the amount of the bacteria
that the river can take before fish and plant life are impacted. Mr. Christie left a copy
of this study “Bacteria TMDL for Falling River Watershed, Virginia” for the Board, which
describes the various sources of contamination. The Department of Conversation and
Resources is currently working on this project.
Mr. Christie also spoke on the GIS project. Since January they have been using a piece
of our Rural Transportation Planning money ($48,000 State money each year) to do
rural transportation planning and take the county’s tax maps and digitalizing them into
an electronic format. When this is complete, along with the 911 maps, we will have
some good basic building blocks to look at on how this information will be used. You
may want to look at putting this on the internet for people to be able to look at for
property information. He has suggested that the County team up with a group from
Virginia Tech which has an extension service for local governments interested in
exploring GIS.
Mr. Spencer added that GIS is something that naturally progresses out of the 911 Public
Safety issue. There is so much information that has to be gathered for E-911. Once
you get the zoning, various information from the Commissioner of Revenue, Circuit
Court Clerk, etc., that can be used by the many County Departments. A lot of
neighboring counties have over the last year or two put their parcel information on line.
This cuts down on a lot of phone calls from people who may be out of the area who are
interested in purchasing property or seeing who owns the neighboring property. Mr.
Christie has made an agreement with the professor at Virginia Tech for a estimated cost
of $5,000 to put together a plan of what is GIS and how this will help us. He is asking
the Board to fund this GIS project.
John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator and Ference Varga:
Mr. Spencer will be meeting with you to present the new County Website that Mr. Varga
has so graciously developed for the County at no charge. Mr. Spencer recommends that
the Board adopt the new Website www.AppomattoxCountyVA.gov as the new County
Website. Also, enclosed is a proclamation recognizing Mr. Varga for his service to
Appomattox County and the citizens of the County. Request is that the Board adopt the
proposed website.
Mr. Carter read the following proclamation:
PROCLAMATION IN RECOGNITION OF THE SERVICE OF
FERENCE VARGA
Designer of Official Appomattox County Government Website
www.AppomattoxCountyVA.gov
WHEREAS, a presence on the World Wide Web is critical for today’s local governments in order to foster community
involvement and provide citizens with information and services necessary to promote public health, safety and welfare;
and