011
Mr. Paulette stated he had received a complaint from one of the
neighbors and felt the container being moved to the opposite side of
the lot would solve the immediate problem.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
instructed to have Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator, either move
the recycling container at Bohannon’s to the other side of the lot or
bring it back into the landfill.
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if everything was in order at Stonewalll
Voting Precinct for the next day.
Mrs. Ferguson stated Mr. Martin had gotten all the precinct buildings
cleaned and ready for election.
Mr. Carwile next asked if the Board had noticed an article in the
bulletin from VACo concerning localities receiving free equipment.
Mrs. Ferguson was to check into this.
Mr. Torrence asked about the progress of the tire shredding business.
Mrs. Ferguson stated everything was moving along.
Mr. Torrence asked if all as in place for the "straw poll" on E911.
Mrs. Ferguson explained all the literature had been given to Mr. Jack
Layne for the students to present to the public, along with the survey
sheets.
Being no further Supervisor Concerns, Mr. Paulette presented the first
administrative item, Planning Commission Recommendations.
Mr. Paulette read petition #95-266 of C. Douglas Branch to rezone
property on Route 24 from R-1 to R-2. Mr. Paulette explained the
Planning Commission recommended disapproval of this request.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
accept the Planning Commission’s recommendation and disapprove petition
#95-266 of C. Douglas Branch to rezone property from R-1 to R-2.
Property is located on Route 24 between Route 654 and Route 697. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, nay; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next read petition #95-270 of Appomattox County for a
Conditional Zoning Permit for a tire recycling operation at the
landfill. Mr. Paulette stated the Planning Commission recommended
approval.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Planning
Commission recommendation and approve petition #95-270 of Appomattox
County for a Conditional Zoning Permit to allow the recycling operation
at landfill site located on Route 632 between Route 639 and Route 627