183
support of a alternate water source, but is not supporting any particular alternative, but
you have all the information before you to help you make this decision. You have a
tough job and a tough responsibility. What is good for the Town is good for the County
and vice versa. We cannot sit ourselves out on an island. We depend on joint localities
for medical care, jobs, schooling, etc. We have a Planning Commission which he
supports. We need to quit expending all the energy that has gone into letter writing,
etc. Some of this information is not the right information and some of it no one can
quite understand. We need to make a decision and move on.
Mr. Bill Slagle, of Route 2, Box 400, Spout Spring, Va. spoke next, stating he commends
the Council and the Board for the way they have dispersed information to the citizens.
The information is there should anyone want to find it. He supports an alternative water
source. When he came to Appomattox County he worked as the Town Manager and the
County Administrator. At that time it was obvious that we needed to find an alternative
water supply. There are some who think we are setting on top of a underground river
and all we need to do is dig a hole a find water. This is not true. He supports an
alternative water source and advises the Town Council and Board of Supervisors to
move ahead.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Town Council and Board of
Supervisors. He also thanked those who participated for their comments.
Mr. Carter asked if the Board and Council felt that they had sufficient data on this
project from Wiley & Wilson, the Regional Commission and comments from others to
move forward or do nothing. He also stated he would entertain comments or motions
from the Board to continue on this project, with the next step being to start
negotiations.
Mr. Conrad stated that we do need a motion from the Board if we are going to move on
with this and negotiate a contract with Campbell County PSA. It would be to our
advantage to find out what our cost would be, based on what we have heard and
discussed in regard to Option 2B.
Mr. Craft stated he feels we need to move on, we have been dragging our feet long
enough.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to negotiate with Campbell County
for rates on this project. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to the Town Council for any action they wished
to take.
At 7:34 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adjourn. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes).