156
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fran
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if any action was necessary from the executive
session.
By consensus, the Board of Supervisors agreed to take no action on Mr.
Daryl Puckett’s request for a subdivision variance.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to offer Doctors
Mathews, Fratrick and Powell $250,000, offer good for thirty days, for
the Appomattox Family Practice building, provided it is certified to ke
asbestos free. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
By consensus of the Board, fees for zoning reapplications for Clarence
Woody and Nannie Watkins would be waived one time, due to confusion in
the application process.
By consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to invite the
volunteer’s who worked on "Spot" the Library Bus to the next Board of
Supervisors meeting.
At 12.05 a.m., being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to recess until after the public hearing on
September 16, 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on September 16
1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District