et?
RESOLVED FURTHER, that Bank is authorized to act upon this resolution
until written notice of its revocation, making specific reference to
this Bank Card resolution, is actually delivered to Bank.
I, _Aileen T. Ferguson, Clerk Appomattox County Board of Supervisors,
a local government under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, do
hereby certify that the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of
resolution of the Board of Supervisors of said County, duly and
regularly passed and adopted at a meeting of the Board of Supervisors
of said County which was duly called and held in accordance with the
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, on the __21st day of _ July,
1997.
(Seal
(Seal)
Officer Attest
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that an executive session was necessary t¢
discuss personnel and a legal matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 8:40 p.m. seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter
into executive session to discuss personnel and legal matters. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved th
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:09 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freeda
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fro
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye}
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ie
=}