321
Ms. Ferguson asked Mr. Spencer to explain the multi-purpose rooms.
Mr. Spencer explained the uses for the multipurpose and storage rooms.
Ms. Ferguson discussed the cost estimates with the Board members. CDBG will help.
Hope to get the $700,000.00. We definitely need a new roof. We have HUD Grant in
the amount of $148,000.00 which we would like to use for windows and the roof.
Mr. Spencer discussed the paper work that was sent to HUD. The windows and roof on
the CVCC part of the building were included with only patching on the other parts. If we
decided to do the roofing all at one time, then the HUD money would go to the roofing.
Ms. Ferguson asked David Liebal to offer some input on the estimates we have
obtained.
Mr. Leibal stated we have the best value for the money. CVCC is very excited. Do the
four (4) rooms first. He would like to patch the roof and get going there. We cannot go
with the original windows because of cost. Trying to save budget money. If we do a lot
of roofing, we will get the best buy for the buck. If we have the money, do what is
best.
Ms. Ferguson feels we will get very little of the $3 million. Would like the Board to
consider borrowing this money. CVCC is a paying customer. We need the actual cost
on making the building functional. CVCC is the only paying tenant.
Mr. Spencer said that CVCC is suppose to draw-up some papers. They gave us the
number of payments per square footage in lease.
Mr. Carter asked if we could expect about $50,000.00 a year from CVCC.
Mr. Spencer replied that depends on the square footage. Bedford has a ten (10) year
lease at $10,000 a month for approximately 10,000 to 12,000 square feet of space.
Mr. Spencer further stated that the balance of the Tobacco funds is about $17,000.00.
Mr. Carter asked if we could possibly secure more grants. Mr. Spencer replied yes, but
only for workforce area.
There was a lot of discussion regarding financial obligations; new jail (2009-2010), E-
911 and Homeland Security mandates. We must continue to look at revenue options.
Everyone is in agreement that we need to see more figures before making any
decisions.
Gary Christie and Scott Smith with Region 2000-Local Government Council expressed
some concern that the grant may not go through. There are lots of applicants for ten
(10) grants. There are potential monies for other parts of the building, possibly from
Transportation Enhancement Grants.