2
acclamation for the upcoming year. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Craft abstained. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Craft thanked everyone for their support.
Mr. Carter stated the next item of business was to establish the rules/regulations and
procedures for conducting the meetings for the year 2005.
1) Adopt Rules and Procedures:
For the past year the Board has utilized Roberts Rules of Order Newly Revised
and allowed the Chairman to make and second motions.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt Roberts Rules of Order
Newly Revised for Small Boards and the following ByLaws and Rules of Procedure which
allows the Chairman to make and second motions.
BYLAWS AND RULES OF PROCEDURES
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
SECTION A: MEETINGS
Regular Meetings.
(a) All regular meetings of the Board shall be open to the public, except when the Board
is in closed session pursuant to Section 2.2- 3711 of the Virginia Code.
(b) The Board shall hold regular meetings on such days as may be prescribed by
resolution at the annual organizational meeting in January of each year, but which shall
not be less frequent than once a month. The Board shall give notice of the date, time, and
location of its meetings by placing a notice in a public location at which notices are
regularly posted or in the office of the Clerk to the Board. The Clerk may publish
meeting notices by electronic means. The notice shall be posted at least three working
days prior to the meeting.
(c) If the Chairman, or the Vice-Chairman if the Chairman is unable to act, finds and
declares that the weather or other conditions are such that it is hazardous for the Board
members to attend a regular meeting, the regular meeting shall be continued until the
following Monday, unless that Monday is a legal Holiday, then the meeting shall be on
the Tuesday following the Monday Holiday. Such conditions shall be communicated to
the members of the Board and the press as promptly as possible. All hearings and other
matters previously advertised shall be conducted at the continued meeting and no further
advertisement is required.
(d) All regular meetings of the Board shall be held __on the 1“ and 3TM Monday of each
month _, unless otherwise noted.