19
c) Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board of Directors: Lynn
Doss’ term on the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board of
Directors expired December 31, 2004. Mr. Conrad has spoken to Darlene
Reed and she has agreed to fill this vacancy.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Ms. Darlene Reed to
the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board of Directors for a three (3) year term,
beginning immediately and ending December 31, 2008. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Conrad stated that some new situations have developed at the CVAAA. Earlier in
the fall they were audited and during their audit, the auditor came up with the concern
that it being a non-governmental, non-profit organization, the Board of Supervisors can
no longer make appointments to the CVAAA Board, but rather submit recommendations
to be appointed by CVAAA.
d) Road Viewers for calendar year 2005: At the public hearing held on
December 20, 2004, VDOT received a request for a road to be taken into
the State system. This will necessitate Road Viewers be appointed to
work with VDOT on this request. Appointments are for one year and run
from January to December.
The last group to serve as road viewers were John Fitch, Claude Allen
Moore and Willie Craft. When Mr. Craft was elected to the Board, he
checked with Allen Torrence to see if he would serve in this capacity. No
follow up was done on this as we did not need Road Viewers during
2004.
It was recommended that we check with these gentlemen to see if they
would be interested in serving as Road Viewers again.
ew Courthouse Project: From the latest letter received from the attorney's
concerning the courthouse project, the Court is allowing time for us to workout a
solution to the back of the old building. We need to end this court case as soon
as possible. Does anyone have any new information concerning this matter.
Mr. Moore stated there was nothing new to report at this time. There has been
some discussion with J. E. Jamerson & Sons regarding what can be done in this
regard. It has been suggested that we use fire resistant materials to repair the
gable end of the old building.
The Fire Marshall has suggested that the new building be installed with a
sprinkler system that would produce a curtain of water to protect the new
building, with some sprinkler heads aimed at the old building.
Hopefully, we will be able to present an update at the January 18, 2005 meeting.