416
Appomattox. Comparing Concord to Appomattox, you are not comparing apples to
apples.
Mr. Slagle asked if anyone else had a question.
Mr. Conrad: He needed a little more information on utilizing strictly the waterline as
opposed to both the waterline and the wells. He would prefer, based on what he does
know, saying that we use the waterline. You would end up spending more money to
maintain the wells and at the same time spending money on the waterline.
Mr. Slagle: He thinks it was an economic decision. He thinks the town should be able
to supply some numbers as to what it costs to operate and also whatever contractible
agreement they make.
Ms. Spiggle: Look at the economics — either you do that or you don’t. He thinks this all
surfaced because some of the opposition to the waterline saw that they were giving up
the wells, you were giving up control. Look around you, what are you in control of right
now. We do not control very much. Look at Richmond to the east, and Washington to
the north, and God above, you tell me what we are in control of. Very, Very little. That
was why the wells came into play. Again, when we set down to negotiate all this, those
are the things that have to worked out, we will not be able to work them out here.
Those negotiators who will be working on this will get all that business worked out.
Then we will decide on which is the least expensive to those people using it.
Mr. Hancock: He thinks it should be a transitional phase, where over the years, the
wells will gradually diminish and the water line will provide more percentage wise. As
the wells diminish in capacity, we can gradually take them off line. This would be the
economic thing to do.
Mr. Conner: As wisdom would say, you would use water from the waterline and have
the capacibility to use the wells and not mix the two. You will end up with bigger
problems when you start mixing the two. If you listen to what Mr. Spiggle is saying
about the conditions of the wells are and what the environmental impacts are, and you
start mixing the two, you are getting yourself into a real problem.
Mr. Nash: That was what they went through when they got water at BWXT from the
City. One was risk management in the fact that they had seven or eight wells and all
were decreasing in capacity and they had a couple that were contaminated. They drilled
and got a couple of dry holes and finally reached the point where they said that they
had to get city water. They decided to not use the wells at all. The other thing was
regulatory requirements, they eliminated all of that too.
Mr. Slagle: When it comes down to operating strategy, and you cost it out, and list your
risk analogy, it will lead you to the decision, probably to use the waterline entirely, but
you will have a basis for making that decision.
Ms. Harris: This would give you the ability to tell people that if they wanted to use the
wells, they could pay more.