Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District (arrived at 6:17 p.m.)
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Sandra Lindsay - Resident Engineer) Virginia Department
Don Austin -Ass’t Resident Engineer) of
Robert Brown - Contract Administrator) Transportation
Mr. Paulette opened the hearing at 6:00 p.m. and explained the purpose
of the hearing was to receive public requests for secondary road
improvements and new additions. Mr. Paulette then turned the meeting
over to Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer.
Ms. Lindsay introduced Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer and
Mr. Robert Brown, Contract Administrator and explained that Mr. Don
Austin would be presenting the proposed plan.
Mr. Austin began by explaining the process involved in the hearings and
the purpose of the hearing. Mr. Austin next presented handouts (copy
of #1 in December 1995 Board file) with the proposed budget and
secondary road priority list.
Mr. Austin then reviewed the priority list and the budget. After this
review Mr. Austin called for requests for improvements or additions to
the secondary road system by Electoral Districts.
Mr. Austin asked for requests from Courthouse District.
Hearing none, Mr. Austin called for requests from Piney Mountain
District.
Mr. David Nash came forward and gave his telephone number as 352-2674.
Mr. Nash stated he was making a request for improvements to Route 656
from Route 24 to the end of the unimproved road surface.
Mr. Jerry Small came forward and gave his telephone number as
352-8612. Mr. Small continued by stating that he was speaking on
behalf of all the residents on Route 1011. Mr. Small said there were
twenty houses and eleven mobile homes on this road and that the road
needed considerable improvements both to it’s surface and it’s width.
(Residents present with this delegation: Jack W. Burks; H. B. Pack;
Jewel Ferguson; Eve Thomas; Mrs. Wayne Ferguson; and Mrs. Mary Martin.
Mr. H. B. Pack came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 188,
Appomattox, Virginia and telephone number 352-8472. Mr. Pack is also
concerned with Route 1011. He stated he felt the bypass should have
come back to Route 656 instead of the selected location. Mr. Pack
continued that the intersection of Route 656 and Route 1011
extremely dangerous during ice and snow.
Mr. Austin called for requests for Falling River District.