O79
Mrs. Ferguson pointed out the cost of the stone was not included in the
bid price. The stone should cost approximately $4,195.00.
Mrs. Ferguson presented, next, bids for the containers for the Route
608 site.
‘asAfter discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence t
accept the bid of Wilbar Truck Equipment of $19,004.00 for containers
for the Route 608 site. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained the Board had been asked to write a letter
supporting the Tiny Angel’s Day Care grant application.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to write a letter of
support for the Tiny Angels Day Care grant application. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that the Sheriff was looking into
purchasing new guns for his department. Mrs. Ferguson continued that
Sheriff Staples plans to sell his old guns to offset the cost of the
new guns. Sheriff Staples is requesting that the amount he received
for the old guns be added back to his budget.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed the
amount Sheriff Staples received for the sale of his guns would be
returned to his budget.
oOMrs. Ferguson next explained that Town Council would like to reschedul|
the joint meeting for May 11, 1996 from 9:00 A.M. to 12:00 noon at the
Community Center.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, May 11, 1996 was
rescheduled for the Town/County Joint Work Session.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Richard Martin, Director of
Social Services, that the Board of Supervisors appropriate funds to
purchase a new vehicle.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger t
appropriate $12,062.00 for Social Services to purchase a new vehicle.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
1B
Mrs. Ferguson presented the members of the Board with copies of Sectiol
8.01-156 of the Code of Virginia concerning personal property of peopl
being evicted and explained the Board of Supervisors was going to have
to designate a storage area for this personal property at a later date.
1) ee}
Mrs. Ferguson requested the Board of Supervisors set a date for public
hearing on amending the Animal Control Ordinance.
By consensus, the Board of Supervisors, set April 15, 1996 at 6:30 p.m.
for the public hearing on amending the Animal Control Ordinance.