315
PRESENT: (Town Council)
Ronald Spiggle — Mayor
Marvin Mitchell
Jimmy Mayberry
Lewis McDearmon
Joyce Bennett
John Wilson
ABSENT: (Town Council)
Steve Lawson
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held in the old
J & D Courtroom immediately following the Public Hearing We will begin a hearing of
each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to
speak for and/or against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes
whether speaking as an individual or as representative of a group or organization.
However, should the number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10),
the time will be adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the public hearing over to Mr. Johnnie Roark, County Planner
who read the first petition.
Town of Appomattox: To receive public comments concerning adoption by the
Appomattox Town Council , the “Code of the Town of Appomattox, containing
ordinances of a general and permanent nature as revised, compiled, consolidated and
consisting of Chapters 1 through 195, together with an Appendix, hereafter termed the
“Code”. The purposed code includes alternations, deletions, additions, etc. to the
zoning and subdivision of land ordinances and the levying and disposition of certain
taxes. The amendments to the zoning and subdivision sections of the Code are
primarily intended to modernize and simplify those sections and bring them into line
with current law, rather than creating major substantive changes.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak regarding this matter. Hearing none, Mr.
Roark read the next petition: