475
expect this to be a benefit to the County in bring individuals in from outside that would
be spending dollars in our local establishments. There will be no anticipated
development but will retain the rural setting of the property. This would in no way
affect the utilization of local resources, no public water or sewage. They also have their
own fire equipment.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Hearing none, he asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
Linda Ferguson, 313 Holcomb Path Road, Lynchburg, VA: In going over the
information they received, it appears that this site is already being used similar to the
proposed conditional use. Why are you asking for the change if there are to be no
upgrades, etc., to the current property, making it even more exclusive forcing the
Ferguson to create an alternate route to the right of way on the adjacent property?
What other plans for future development do you have? What evidence is there to
Appomattox County has a real benefit from this? Will Stone Ridge mandate visits to
historical Appomattox or purchase any vouchers? It has been stated that visitors come
to Stone Ridge for retreats, so how will this bring out of state dollars to Appomattox and
what revenue will it create. How do you expect anyone to enjoy this property as
everything around it has been gated and locked up. How much more private does it
need to be. (Ms. Ferguson also had some pictures of the area in question.) County
dollars put the road in--are we just going to close that road to the public? Has the
County already made a decision on the proposal submitted by Mr. Mirra?
Norman Ferguson, 6110 Richmond Highway, Lynchburg, VA: The road goes to
our Ferguson Family property. The little information we are getting about the road
situation right now is not enough information. They do a great deal of hunting in the
area. He feels they need more information about what they intend to do regarding
privacy, etc. We have had this property for years and we have never had any problems
before. They previously had access to James River and they do not want anything to
block that for them.
Jennine Allen, 1248 Stone Ridge Road, Appomattox, VA.: She lives at the corner
of Dreaming Creek Road and Stone Ridge Road. She feels she needs more clarification
on what is going to be involved in this project and what impact it will have as far as the
road is concerned. This is a very narrow road and if the traffic increases, it would
require improvements.
Boyd Ferguson, 313 Holcomb Path Road, Lynchburg, VA.: He would like to ask,
Why should we have to get permission from somebody else to go to our property?
The state road has been there for 50 years — funded by County and State funds. If they
close the road, Are there plans to make another road for them to be able to get to their
property?
Ellen Ferguson, 743 Winston Ridge Road, Lynchburg, Va.: Her husband recently
opened the old Herndon’s Grocery, which they now call “Pit Stop”. She does not see