d44
that the waterline will serve the 460 West area, not the town, and not a feasible plan at
this time.
Sue Lawson: She agrees with Mr. O’Brien that we need to talk with someone like Mr.
Fred Jones and see how the wells are before we bring this line in. AS for the industrial
park, we have had only two (2) business in there for the last several years. That speaks
for itself.
Fred Jones: There is plenty of water here, if we get into the right areas. On Route 703
there is a lot of water veins. That would not be too far to bring it. It may be a conflict
of interest but he had always treated the town fair. In fact, he sold them two wells that
were on his own property. The quality of the water from Lynchburg is not very good,
and it will decrease. When he goes to Lynchburg to eat, he always drinks coffee.
Memphis, Tenn. eight (8) years ago, had 181 wells. If our taxes keep going up, people
will leave the county.
Lee Munsick, Piney Ridge Road, Appomattox, VA: Mr. Slagle made the comment
that there seemed to be a lack of information regarding this concept. He would like to
ask all you gentlemen, “Who do you blame for that?” We have never received any kind
of information. All we get is what we hear from the other speakers and what is in the
newspapers. No newspaper can cover the kind of information that is required for people
to make decisions on. You are trying to make a decision that is of huge importance to
the taxpayers of this county, and he does not think even you have all the information
either. There is no doubt that people will benefit from this, especially the landowners,
businessmen and developers along route 460 west. Why should the people all through
the county have to pay for this. He cannot understand how the people in the county will
not be paying for this project through taxes. As he understands it, the citizens of the
county will pay of this project and pay through the nose.
Mr. Hancock explained that the Service Authority does not have the taxing ability. The
Service Authority sets up, that area of service will be marked out, they will only serve
the area that they are charging, and will only charge those that use the water. Their
entire means of support is from users.
Suzie Krantz, 1905 Hummingbird Lane, Appomattox, VA. She understands from
the paper that the people who use the water will be the ones paying for it. She does
not have any problems with that. What she wants to know is, where is the money
coming from to put the waterline in? Are homeowners and landowners going to have to
pay more taxes to pay for a waterline that they will not be using? She believes this is
what is upsetting to everyone. She does want to see Appomattox progress and do well.
Is there some grant funds that will pay for this, if not, just how does the County expect
to pay for this waterline. :
Mr. Slagle informed everyone present that in 2002 the Governor issued an Executive
Order #39 requiring every community to develop a water supply plan in response to the
drought conditions at that time. Appomattox did develop this plan and once this
regional plan is developed, it does meet the qualifications for grants and low interest
loans. In many cases, this is the way these project are financed.