WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors (the "Board") of the County has
determined that it is necessary and expedient to borrow not to exceed
$5,000,000 and to issue its general obligation school bonds for the
purpose of financing certain capital projects for school purposes.
WHEREAS, the County has held a public hearing, after due
publication of notice, in accordance with Section 15.1-227.8, Code of
Virginia of 1950, as amended (the "Virginia Code") on October 7, 1996
on the issuance of school bonds in the amount of $5,000,000.
WHEREAS, the School Board of the County has requested by
resolution, the Board to authorize the issuance of the Bonds (as
hereinafter defined) and, the School Board has consented to the
issuance of the Bonds.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF THE
COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA:
1. Authorization of Bonds and Use of Proceeds. The Board hereby
determines that it is advisable to contract a debt and issue and sell
general obligation school bonds of the County in an aggregate principle
amount not to exceed $5,000,000 (the "Bonds") for the purpose of
financing certain capital projects for school purposes. The Board
hereby authorizes the issuance and sale of the Bonds in the form and
upon the terms established pursuant to this Resolution.
2. Sale of the Bonds: It is determined to be in the best
interest of the County to accept (i) the offer of the Virginia Public
School Authority (the "VPSA") to purchase from the County, and to sell
to the VPSA, the Bonds in a principal amount at the price of par, which
when added to the Lump Sum Cash Payment, will be approximately equal to
the capital cost of the Project approved the the Board of Education
plus the Issuance Expense Allowance, upon the terms established
pursuant to this Resolution and (ii) the Lump Sum Cash Payment from the
Board of Education. The Chairman of the Board and the County
Administrator, or either of them, and such officer or officers of the
County as either of them may designate, are hereby authorized and
directed to enter into a Bond Sale Agreement with the VPSA (including
the Continuing Disclosure Agreement attached thereto) providing for the
sale of the Bonds to the VPSA in substantially the form on file with
the County Administrator, which form is hereby approved (the "Bond Sale
Agreement") and to accept the Lump Sum Cash Payment from the Board of
Education.
3. Details of the Bonds. The Bonds shall be issuable in fully
registered form; shall be dated the date of issuance and delivery of
the Bonds; shall be designated "General Obligation School Bonds, Series
1996"; shall bear interest payable from the date of delivery thereof
semi-annually on each January 15 and July 15, beginning July 15, 1997
(each an "Interest Payment Date"), at the rates established in
accordance with paragraph 4 of this Resolution; and shall mature on
July 15 in the years (each a "Principal Payment Date") and in the
amounts established in accordance with paragraph 4 of this Resolution.