581
he has nothing against the American Legion and he wants to make sure that this
monument is kept in good shape.
Ms. Ferguson was asked to contact the Commander of the American Legion and ask
them to be present at the next meeting on February 6, 2007. We need to get rid of the
rumors.
Mr. Carter stated that a Memorandum of Understanding dated November 7, 2005 and
signed by both parties and within the scope of Section 11, it is stated that “the Legion
agrees to deposit with the Treasurer of Appomattox County the sum of $3,000.00 as
proposed to be held in a discrete fund and use for future upkeep and maintenance of
the Wall of Honor”.
There were no other Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter next called on Mr. Monte W. Mays, Commissioner of Revenue: Mr.
Mays has requested to address the Board concerning land use taxation.
Mr. Mays stated this would not take very long. The thing that concerns him most at this
point is TIME. The Land Use Taxation must be enacted six (6) months prior to the
effective date of the next reassessment which is January 1, 2008. This needs to be
done by July 1* of this year. His main concern is protection of one of the largest
industries in the County - farming. He was raised on a farm and it is one of the best
ways to be raised. You learn the value of a dollar, what it means to do hard work and
what it means to be rewarded for this hard work.
You will be hearing pros and cons to this issue. We are looking at a decision that will
affect the County from now on. It will affect us just as much as the water line. If we
don’t do something to corral development in this county, we will be like Bedford County.
Schools will be overcrowded, teachers will be spread thinner. We need to look at all the
percentage of changes. At the present time we have a land value on the books of
$453,704,000 in buildings alone. This does not include what has been picked up this
year in new construction. We will place on the books again this year over 100 new
houses as compared to 150 last year. Construction is slowing down.
We will have a base which we never had before in the history of the County and that
base being over a billion dollars this year. This includes the reassessment figures. We
have no idea of what it will cost, we can only guess. It will probably be between 2 and
3 cents. He looks toward 2 cents. If the Board adopts the Land Use Ordinance, he
proposes that you increase acreage for open land from 5 acres to 10 acres to qualify.
Forest land would remain at 20 acres. The other two categories, Horticulture and
Agriculture he will leave to the Board.
He talked to neighboring counties and most of them are planning to adopt Land Use.
Campbell County - $100.00 per acre assessed value
Nelson County - $30.00 per acre crop land.