616
He did this for one reason — to preserve the farming industry in Appomattox and to
promote a land use program that would allow them to continue farming. He has
ascertained the following information for your benefit. These are pretty accurate. He
spent twenty-five (25) weeks in ascertaining these figures. Land values are predicted to
go to $470,143,989; building values are predicted to go to $668,785,825. This will give
a total assessment, which we have never had before in the history of Appomattox
County, of $1,138,929,814 for land and buildings.
The land use program, at best case scenario would cost the county a .03 cent increase
or .47 cents tax rate and the land use at worse case scenario would cost the county .05
cents increase or a .49 cents rate. The average cost he is offering is a 4% increase to
the tax rate of .48 cents tax rate which would equalize the amount of revenue he
provided the County Administrator for budget purposes. The cost to the county would
be $411,812.00. If we don’t preserve the small farms, the cost of food items in the
super-market will increase greatly. (milk from $4 to $7; steak from $6 to $9). The little
farmer is what keeps prices in the super market down.
If we don’t go to the land use program, we are going to over load the school system.
By doing this, we will be forced to build a new primary school, a new elementary school,
a new middle school as well as a new high school. This will greatly increase the tax
rate. His main goal is preventing these things. He is not against growth, he is for
controlled growth. If we let the farmer go by the wayside, which we are well on our
way, this is what will happen. This is why 89 localities out of 136 in the State of Virginia
have adopted land use program. Buckingham will be adopting this program pretty soon.
If he thought for one minute that this program was unfair to the homeowner or unfair to
persons on fixed income, he would not be here. In his thirty-one years as the
Commissioner of Revenue, he has always been fair, nobody can say he has ever been
unfair. He would not be wasting the Board’s time or his own time, if he thought this
would hurt those people on fixed incomes. There are already programs to help them: a
program to reduce the amount of their real estate taxes.
A 100 acre farm right now is assessed at $93,500. By the new reassessment figures, it
will be around $215,000 per acre, realizing a 41% increase in the tax bill. This, of
course is calculated on the lower scale.
The re-assessment done in 2002 was done incorrectly and too low. It took six (6) years
but, it has finally caught up with us.
Dr. Betty Siano, 140 Azelea Lane, Appomattox, VA:
Dr. Siano thanked the Board for the opportunity to speak this evening on a subject that
she has been interested in for a long period of time. She will speak tonight on the word
“RESPONSIBLE”. She presented each Board member with the following:
R- Represent: Each Board member represents a district in this county. You also
represent every citizen of Appomattox County; not just farmers and not just your
district . Your actions affect everyone.
E- Economy: How will the enactment of Land Use effect the ECONOMY of
Appomattox County? She has seen a vast number of homes constructed in her