494
1. Claim for Damages: We have received a claim for damages from Ms. Susan
Holt. Mr. Overstreet has reviewed the information pertaining to this claim.
Mr. Overstreet commented on Section 15.2-1245 in the Code of Virginia that says that in
order to make a claim against the County, you have to go through a certain procedure
and if the County Attorney feels this claim has no merit, he is to advise the Board as
such. The thrust of this complaint is the lady’s pet was killed by some dogs and we do
not have a leash law in Appomattox and in order to protect her property she had to
construct a fence to keep the other dogs out. She is submitting a claim against the
County requesting the cost of the fence. The County does not have any authority to
honor this claim. He would ask that the Board deny this claim and we proceed with
notifying Ms. Holt of this decision.
Mr. Craft asked what the dollar amount was of this request. Mr. Overstreet replied
$8,000.00.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to deny this request for
damages from Ms. Susan Holt. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Amend Job Description: Mrs. Rockefeller, Landfill Supervisor and Ms.
Ferguson have seen the need to amend the job description for the Landfill
Maintenance Worker to include Landfill Mechanic. We have added several
requirements to this job description, such as, requiring a CDL. We are
requesting the Board approve the amended job description.
Ms. Ferguson commented that they revised this job description after working someone
in this position for years and seeing what that position really required. The changes
were made to make the job description more realistic as to what the individual was
actually doing on a day to day basis. Plus, this individual fills in when any of the other
operators are absent.
Mr. Conrad asked if an individual needed to have a CDL before applying for this position
or would they be given the opportunity to get one later.
Ms. Ferguson answered that if an applicant had another type of CDL, they would
probably be hired with the understanding that they would have to get the correct one
within a certain amount of time. If they had no CDL at all, they would not be qualified.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to amend the Job Description for the
Landfill Maintenance Worker to include Landfill Mechanic and require a CDL. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
3. Scheduled Meeting with Town of Appomattox: As you are aware, when
we schedule our meetings for the year, we try to schedule several meetings with
the Town of Appomattox. One such meeting has been scheduled for Monday,
September 11, 2006. County Administrator knows of nothing particular that we