647
years, Appomattox has not kept up. We need to keep our teachers here. Experience is
one of the most important assets of a teacher. You, as Board Members, may not have a
child in the school system now but some of you have in the past. Mr. Lawson addressed
Mr. Armbrust and commented that he was once a teacher. Think of your grandchildren,
you neighbors children, our children need a good education. These children are the
ones we are going to have to count on to run and work our businesses one day. They
are the ones that will replace you one day. They need a good start. He asks the Board
to consider what the most important thing is to this county. A good education is the
most important thing and that begins with our teachers.
Bobby Waddell, 674 Woodland Road, Appomattox, VA — When the budget was
proposed and put together for the school system the School Board adopted that budget.
At the School Board meeting back in March they re-arranged several areas where
additional money could be used. Mr. Waddell touched briefly on several of these areas.
He hopes the Board will consider using carry-over money and any money left at the end
of the year. They did not mention any capital improvement in this budget. We have to
do what we have to do. They appreciate the Board’s support and hope you will consider
funding this budget.
Richard Wilson, 514 Gum Branch Road, Appomattox, Va — Mr. Wilson wanted to
discuss the tax rate. A lot of our residents are senior citizens and live on a limited
income. He would also like to commend John Wilson for getting Wal-Mart here. This
will provide more jobs and opportunities. Education is great. He had two (2) sons
graduate from Appomattox County schools, but the sad part of is that they had to move
out of State to find work. He would like to see some more jobs in the county. We need
to grow, but we do not need to have a raise in our taxes. We need to think about our
senior citizens. People will soon have to sell out and move just to pay their taxes.
Mr. Craft called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Craft, Vice-Chairman closed the public hearing at 6:20 p.m..
William H. Craft, Vice Chairman
On Monday, April 16, 2007 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center located
on Community Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT:
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District