398
Mats are already available
Area would also include a study hall class for students
Future improvements could be done incrementally
A new room would allow for unlimited growth of the wrestling program —
currently the wrestling room being used is very small and inadequate, thus not
as safe as we would want it
e Those rooms not being improved, such as those being used for storage, can
easily be secured and still easily be used at the county’s leisure
e This could be a win — win situation for the county, the recreation department
and the schools and the children of Appomattox.
Mr. Conkwright described in detail from a floor layout just what parts of the building he
was proposing for use. This area would not be used for matches or tournaments; it
would basically be for practices only.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had a lot of questions regarding this request. She asked if Mr.
Conkwright was representing the school in this matter.
Ms. Ferguson is also concerned about where the liability lies, if this is a school program,
that is a liability the school would be responsible for. She needs to talk with Ms. Dixon
about some of the things that have been brought up tonight.
Mr. Conkwright stated he had talked with the High School Principal and Mr. Hudson the
Athletic Director about this suggestion.
After some discussion, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Conkwright for his interest in seeking
space for the youth of Appomattox.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 2 - 8)
2. Appomattox County Farm Service Agency: Appomattox County Farm
Service Agency (FSA) which is housed in the same building with Natural
Resources Conservation Services (NRCS) and R. E. Lee Soil and Water
Conservation District has scheduled a Public Hearing to move the FSA office to
Campbell County. If this happens the Service Center Concept would be broken
and it may cause the NRCS and the R. E. Lee to locate elsewhere in the District.
The District includes Appomattox County, Amherst County, Campbell County and
the City of Lynchburg. This consolidation effort FSA intends will affect all
farmers in the County that are required to report in any program to travel to the
Campbell County FSA office. The public hearing is scheduled for June 7, 2006 at
6:30 p.m. at the Community Center.
Mr. Conrad gave a background on the FSA program office changes. Several years ago,
all of the county offices were consolidated under a new plan from the Federal
Government. It is his understanding that the Board of Supervisors may support the
keeping of this office open as long as they can be of service to the farmers. He would
not support the County becoming involved with financial assistance to keep these offices
open.