529
Mr. Gillespie introduced Mr. Chris Webb and Elton Blackstock with the Blue Ridge
Regional Jail Authority, and will give you a little information the on activities we have
had with their board.
Mr. Gillespie stated the Appomattox County Jail building looks to be in good shape. This
building was built in 1981 and is about 25 years old. It had a capacity of twelve (12).
The projections for 2007 are about thirty-five (35) and beyond that, it keeps climbing.
The main thing is that because of the way this building is laid out, it is very costly to
manage. He stated that the Sheriff has done an excellent job in dealing with the space
available. He has also managed to maintain certification. At the present costs, a
replacement for our jail would be approximately $8.5 million.
The average daily population has increased over the last nine (9) years. Every year it
has gone up and if you look out to the next ten (10) to fifteen (15) years, you will see
this same kind of increase. Appomattox County Jail ranks 17" as the most crowded jail
in Virginia. Currently Appomattox does house some inmates in the Blue Ridge Regional
Jail Facility. The Commonwealth is trying to close some of the smaller jails, because
from a staffing standpoint, they cost too much to run. Regional facilities qualify for 50%
capitol funding but must involve at least three participating localities. Half of your
capitol cost will be paid by the State. The General Assembly must approve any new jails
to be built. The General Assembly approved Blue Ridge as a partner for a facility to be
located centrally close to Blue Ridge and to Appomattox. The key question for the
Sheriff's Department is “How long will I have to leave my locality to take a prisoner,
before I can be get back?” The options available to Appomattox are: (1) we can just
house inmates and bill for them. That will drive your transportation costs up because
prisoners have to be moved back and forth. (2) Housing costs will be higher, because
those localities that have additional space, will charge you more because you do not
belong to their authority. The Blue Ridge facility is one of the most cost effective, well
managed facilities in the Commonwealth. Based on the numbers, the regional approach
will be best for Appomattox. All the proposed partners need to replace or expand their
present facilities. Amherst, Appomattox and the present Blue Ridge facilities are all
overcrowded and need to be replaced.
They have looked at a number of sites in the Amherst area and it looks like the most
centrally located place is around the Route 210 interchange off Route 29 — Bypass. It is
about 20 minutes for Appomattox and also Amherst, adjacent to the Route 29-Bypass,
in the area of the Monacan Bridge and the Lynchburg Training School. According to the
General Assembly guidelines, the planning study is due to the Department of Corrections
in March of 2007. If we miss this opportunity, all bets are off. If everything goes well,
you could expect to open this facility in mid-2010, with an operating capacity of 325-
400.
Mr. Gillespie commented on the building capacity and any excess beds could be rented
out to other localities so the per diem or monies would come back into your pockets to
help keep your per diem down. Also, if you became overcrowded and had to place
prisoners elsewhere, the cost of this placement would be bourn by the three (3)
localities, not just one jurisdiction. With the regional concept, there is a lot of flexibility.