84
Item #8A was added to Approval of Bills: Barry Watkins - $95.00 Reimbursement for
tables.
Mr. Carter continued with the next item: Citizen Public Comment Period: This time
is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizens. Anyone wishing to address the Board should
come forward, state their name and address for the record. Speakers may not speak on
items on the public hearing calendar for the day and no individual citizen will be allowed
to address the Board for longer than three (3) minutes.
Herbert Evan Fleshman, Sr., Route 2, Box 549, Spout Spring, Va. 24593 -— It is
with mixed emotions that he stands before the Board. As a member of the Carver-Price
Alumni Association, he is asking that the Board reconsider its past decision regarding the
current footage requirements and make it possible for them to be allowed to utilize the
entire front wing of the Old Carver-Price High School as a museum. He thinks he can
truly state, as a fact, that any and all of the citizens that have addressed the Board
concerning this issue, were all in favor of the Board granting their request. They were
all voting citizens who voted for all of you to hold your current positions as members of
the Board of Supervisors. This matter has been discussed at length, even down to our
congressman and senators, and all have agreed that the realization of this project would
be an asset to this town and surrounding counties in helping to attract more visitors,
increase recognition and definitely increase anticipating financial income. They also
state that the Carver-Price Alumni Association meets the criteria for securing grants and
other financial aid and we can also depend upon them for support. It seems that the
County Board of Supervisors is the only body that is so deeply entrenched in opposition
to honoring our request. He further states that he is one of the “so-called” many
minority citizens of the community, and proud to be so. He tries to be a law-abiding
citizen and raised his children to do so. The very best of his years were spent in the U.
S. Navy, serving his country. Upon retiring after 20 years of service, receiving an
honorable discharge, he chose to return to his hometown where he continues to work
and serve in his church and civic affairs. We are all talented in various ways so as to
contribute to the continued enrichment of this our hometown and we of the Carver-Price
Alumni Association do strongly believe that we can play an important role in doing so by
establishing and operating a museum as outlined in our previously submitted request to
the Board of Supervisors. Again your re-consideration is unanimously requested.
Rev. Walter Randolph, Pastor, Mt. Shiloh Baptist Church, Spout Spring, Va.
Resides at 2851 Harvey Road, Charlotte County, VA. He is associated with
several churches in Appomattox County, namely: Canaan Baptist, Jordan Baptist and Mt.
Airy Baptist. He is probably affiliated with most of the Baptist Churches here in
Appomattox County. During his ministry he has heard people talk about the Carver-
Price Museum and they have talked about it with great enthusiasm and great
excitement. But as of late he has seen and heard disappointments and discontentment
coming from folks dealing with their frustrations and dissatisfaction concerning their
fears dealing with the ability not to be able to realize their dreams regarding what the
Carver-Price Museum should be. We were lead to believe that you were ready, willing
and able to embrace our dream and to help us thrust this into reality. The area pastors
have gotten together to pledge their solidarity to the coalition of Appomattox citizens. It