597
On Tuesday, February 20, 2007, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center, located
on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
Bobby Wingfield — E-911 Coordinator
Lonnie Hamlett — Building Official
Barry Watkins — Facilities Manager
At 6:30 p.m., Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to give the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
ADD: 4A — Monte Mays — Request
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the Agenda was CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT
PERIOD: This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss
issues that are of importance or concern to the citizen.
No one present wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter recognized Lonnie Hamlett, the County Building Official on achieving the title
of Fire Marshall. This is quite an achievement. The Board and also the County
Administration praise and recognize your diligent work in obtaining this certification.
Mr. Carter then called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. Appomattox Heritage and Recreation Trail Plan. At the February 6, 2007
meeting Kelly Hitchcock presented the Heritage and Recreation Trail plan that
has been prepared for your approval. Recommendation is that we adopt the
plan presented by Ms. Hitchcock and approve our participation in a grant
application for a Rural Transportation Planning Grant.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt the
Heritage and Recreation Trail Plan and approve Appomattox County's participation in a
grant application for a Rural Transportation Planning Grant. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Bid for Renovation to Commonwealth Attorney Office: As discussed
previously, we advertised for a contractor to renovate office space in the