640
the Board adopt the enclosed resolution adopting the Six-Year Transportation
Plan.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the figures in the board book are new figures that were
provided by Mr. Austin today. These figures are subject to change after the General
Assembly re-convenes.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the following Resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Sections 33.1-23 and 33.1-23.4 of the 1950 Code of Virginia, as
amended, provides the opportunity for each county to work with the Virginia
Department of Transportation in developing a Secondary Six-Year Road Plan,
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors had previously agreed
to assist in the preparation of this Plan, in accordance with the Virginia Department of
Transportation policies and procedures, and participated in a public hearing on the
proposed Plan (2007/08 through 2012/13) as well as the Construction Priority List
(2007/08) on February 6, 2007 after duly advertised so that all citizens of the County
had the opportunity to participate in said hearing and to make comments and
recommendations concerning the proposed Plan and Priority List,
WHEREAS, Don Austin, Resident Administrator, Virginia Department of
Transportation, appeared before the board and recommended approval of the Six-Year
Plan for Secondary Roads (2007/08 through 2012/13) and the Construction Priority List
(2007/08) for Appomattox County,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that since said Plan appears to be in
the best interests of the Secondary Road System in Appomattox County and of the
citizens residing on the Secondary System , said Secondary Six-Year Plan (2007/08
through 2012/13) and Construction Priority List (2007/08) are hereby approved as
presented at the public hearing.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent).
2. Rockbridge County Request for Resolution: The Rockbridge County Board
of Supervisors is requesting that you adopt a resolution calling for the Governor
and the General Assembly to increase the fuel tax on gasoline and diesel fuel by
ten cents per gallon. The Rockbridge Board believes that this is necessary to
begin addressing the severe transportation problems that exist in the
Commonwealth of Virginia.
Mr. Craft made the statement that there was some rumors to the effect that Rockbridge
County wanted this gas tax increase because they were concerned that Interstate 81
may becomea toll road and they would hope to avoid this.
Mr. Carter stated that when he read this, he almost “flipped his wig”. He feels there are
other avenues that could be approached in dealing with this transportation problem.