012
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next read petition #95-271 of Andrew H. Wingfield to
rezone property from A-1 to B-1 and Conditional Use Permit to operate
welding and repair shop. The Planning Commission recommended approval.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
accept the Planning Commission recommendation and approve petition
#95-271 of Andrew H. Wingfield to rezone property from A-1 to B-1 and
conditional use permit to operate Welding and Repair Shop on property
located on Route 26 between Route 608 and Route 615. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette stated petition #95-272 of Barbara M. Carter had been
withdrawn.
Mr. Paulette then read petition #95-273 of Billie Jean Baldwin for
Conditional Use Permit, Planning Commission recommended approval.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the Planning
Commission’s recommendation and approve petition #95-273 of Billie Jean
Baldwin for a Conditional Use Permit to allow home occupation (tanning
salon) within residence. Property is located on Route 601 between
Route 460 and Route 628. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that Willie Craft had agreed to fill the
vacancy on the Central Virginia ASAP Policy Board.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Willie
Craft to the Central Virginia ASAP Policy Board for a term to expire
August 31, 1998. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette also told the other Board members that Ralph Reider had
agreed to serve on the Disabilities Services Board.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Ralph
Reider to the Disabilities Services Board to fill Mr. Bookie Johnson’s
unexpired term (Mr. Reider’s term will expire November 1, 1997). Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Central Virginia Planning
District Commission for the Board to submit the names of three citizens
for possible appointment to the Region 2000 Welfare Reform Steering
Committee.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appoint Mr. Frank Carwile to the Region 2000 Welfare Reform Steering
Committee. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
abstain; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.