339
$6,000 while Special Educational costs about $11,000. The Federal Government does
not pick up this costs.
Mr. Moore asked about the number of students in this category?
Mr. Perrow replied that there are about 300 in Special Education. Also, there are about
15-20 cases on any given day, who need special care for one reason or another. There
are probably 11 or 12 students who go to Lynchburg each day to the Pride Center.
It probably costs about $50/day per student for the “No Child Left Behind” program.
Mr. Craft questioned the salaries for teacher assistants and clerical personnel.
Dr. Krug stated that they were behind everyone else in the region.
Mr. Carter asked for clarification on the amount it costs per student - $6,000 versus
$2,000.
Mr. Perrow replied that $2,000 was about right for the local share.
Mr. Carter asked about the disparity in health insurance between the County employees
and the School personnel during the last budget period. The County budgeted for this
difference, but the School Board did not.
Mr. Perrow replied that this has been worked out. Also we should benefit from lower
claims, if things hold constant.
Mr. Carter also questioned staffing and said that we are way ahead of six (6) counties
he surveyed regarding the number of administrative staff.
Dr. Krug challenged this and asked to see this information, which Mr. Carter graciously
provided.
Mr. Perrow addressed a few more of the budget items. The Federal Government is
cutting down on Career and Technology classes and programs. Rising fuel prices has
played an important role in the budget. Health claims are low, so they may get down to
only a 5% increase in premiums.
Mr. Carter clarified that the proposed County contribution included basic minimum plus
about $250,000, to which Mr. Perrow answered, Yes.
Mr. Craft asked if the School was only requesting two (2) new buses.
Mr. Perrow stated they did not request any for this year, but there may be some good
news from other sources that may allow them to purchase a couple of buses.
Mr. Carter commented on the boilers at the Appomattox Middle School.