169 |
matters. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
ON a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 11:00 P.M. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freeda
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for any action resulting from executive session.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to increase Phil
Kershner’s salary by 5%, effective October 1, 1996, since his probation
period is over and he has preformed satisfactorily. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the Animal
Warden’s overtime through 8/30/96 be paid and $1,070.53 be transferred
from 1101-5804 to 3501-1003 and 3501-2001 to cover this expense. Vote
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pay Emanuel Tire
for the tire chips used and have them pay what they owe the County.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, wit was agreed to form
a committee composed of Mr. Paulette, Mr. Torrence and two (2) members
of the School Board, to seek property for a new Elementary School. |
|