342
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
Dr. Kim Wright, Appomattox, VA: Dr. Wright is concerned about the situation with
the rescue squad. She does not want to sound critical because she knows that these
people volunteer their time and we have some very dedicated members. Her husband
was a member of the rescue squad for several years. They have people come into their
office because they were unable to get a squad. She is concerned about their safety in
getting to Lynchburg. Sometimes the medical problem is one where time is of the
essence. Also, sometimes it is not safe for a family member to be driving a seriously ill
person to the hospital. She is aware that this matter has been addressed several times,
but she definitely feels the citizens need this service readily available.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board is very concerned about this matter also and another
meeting has been scheduled to see what help can be provided to make the citizens feel
safe.
Mr. Carter then moved on to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-6)
1. CVCC Board Appointment: Mr. Tommy Ford’s term is up on the Central
Virginia Community College Board. Mr. Ford has served the maximum number of
terms as set in the Policies, Procedures and Regulations.
Mr. Carter asked if this appointment should be advertised.
Mr. Conrad stated he thought we had sort of made a policy whereby we would advertise
for these vacancies if the Board did not have a recommendation. If we do not have
anyone interested in serving in this capacity, then the Board would have to make a
recommendation.
Mr. Craft asked if the Board was sending a “Thank You” note when someone completes
serving a term on a committee, commission or board.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to advertise for interested
persons to fill the vacancy on the Central Virginia Community College Board. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
2. Building Permit Refund Request: Mr. James Varndell is requesting a refund
of his building permit fee. He has decided not to construct a dwelling at this
time.
One inspection has been made for a temporary electric service so it is
recommended that a charge of $40.70 be made for the cost of an electrical
permit.
After some discussion surrounding the reason for this request, Mr. Moore made a
motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to refund the amount of $509.28 to Mr. James Varndell