485
On Monday, August 21, 2006 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation after which he invited everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were no additions or deletions to the agenda.
Mr. Carter then called for the Citizen PublicCommentPeriod: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
No one wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then asked Scott Smith, Local Government Council to address the
Board: Mr. Smith is appearing to discuss a proposed grant application to the Tobacco
Commission’s Education Committee seeking funding for Phase 2 of CVCC’s Appomattox
Satellite. The Board will need to pass a resolution authorizing submission of the grant.
The deadline for this grant application is September 1%.
Mr. Smith explained that the revision to this resolution had to do with the Department of
Housing and Urban Development grant that the county has received for roofing and
window work. As you know, we did not receive the Virginia Community Development
Block Grant funding that we applied for earlier this year in the amount of $700,000.00
for the project. What is before you tonight, is a resolution to authorize the county to
apply for about $250,000 from the Virginia Tobacco Commission for the education grant
program. The CDBG program does allow for uses like the Workforce Development
Center, it really focuses on housing, waterlines, etc. The Tobacco Education fund
specifically works on things like what we are trying to do with the Carver-Price Education
Complex. We are asking for $250,000 for two reasons: 1) They don’t allow you to ask
for the entire cost of the project; 2) we looked at the amount that was budgeted for
other localities in the past. We should have an answer by the end of October 2006. Mr.
Smith feels we have a good chance of getting this funding.