404
Mr. Conrad also agreed stating that the majority of the employees would more than
likely take that Monday off as a vacation day leaving only a few employees working.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to close County Offices on Monday
July 3% as well as Tuesday, July 4", 2006 in observance of the holidays. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
At 7:45 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a five (5) minute recess.
At 7:53 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting and called for the next item on the
agenda.
7. Special Meeting with Town Council: At the joint meeting with the Town
Council the Board mentioned scheduling a work session for the Board to review
and discuss the information presented at the joint meeting and also to schedule
another meeting with Town Council.
Mr. Carter stated that 6:30 p.m. on June 12, 2006 had been suggested for this
meeting. Do we want to have the workshop meeting at the same time. We would also
invite the IDA members to meet with us at this time.
After some discussion it was agreed to hold this work session on Wednesday, June 14,
2006 at 6:30 p.m. in the old J & D Courtroom.
8. Refund Request: Lonny Hamlett is requesting that you approve a refund of
$317.79 to Robert and Gloria Weaver for an overpayment on a building permit.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve a refund of $317.79 to
Robert and Gloria Weaver for an overpayment on a building permit. ROLL CALL VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
8A. Stage in Courtland Field: Ms. Ferguson and Mr. Conrad have been
approached by some citizens concerned about changes in insurance policies, that
they will no longer be able to use the flatbed trailers as a stage for bands during
Railroad Festival or for the Friday Cheers events. The request was made that
the Board consider allowing this group to raise funds to have a concrete stage
16’ x 24’ x 4’, erected in the corner where the flatbed trailers have been placed
in the past. This would be a permanent structure.
Mr. Conrad has looked at the area in question, and does not feel this platform would
interfere with any other activities Courtland is used for.
Ms. Ferguson commented that if it was decided in the future, we wanted to do away
with this stage, it could easily be torn down.