5. Public Hearings/Public Appearances
6. Action Items
7. Board Comments, Committee Reports, Requests and Recommendations
8. Appointments to Boards, Commissions and Committees
9. County Attorney Reports, Requests and Recommendations
10. County Administrator’s Reports, Requests and Recommendations
11. Pending Matters
Consent Agenda
The Consent Agenda shall consist of a listing of various items to be considered by the
Board as a block or one single item and to be approved by one vote rather than specific
votes on each item.
Characteristics of items placed on the Consent Agenda are:
e Routine items that appear monthly such as departmental reports, requests for
refunds, resolutions and motions authorizing the submission of applications for
grants that require no local match, or grants for which the Board has previously
approved the local match, requests for supplemental appropriations that meet the
Board’s policy
e Requests to advertise public hearings, advertising for bids and proposals,
resolutions of appreciation, proclamations and resolutions of respect and
accommodation.
e Items of a non-controversial nature that could be classified as housekeeping items
of a technical, non-policy nature, end of year department transfers, resolutions
dealing with the acceptance of grants from the State of Federal governments
requiring no local match or grants for which the Board has previously approved
the local match, and items that have received prior unanimous approval of the
Board.
There shall be no debate or discussion by any member of the Board or the public
regarding any item on the Consent Agenda, beyond asking questions for simple
clarification.
Any item on the Consent Agenda shall be removed from the Consent Agenda at the
request of any Board member prior to the vote on the Consent Agenda. Items removed
from the Consent Agenda shall be considered by the Board individually in the order in
which they were removed from the Consent Agenda immediately following consideration
of the Consent Agenda.
Approval of the motion to approve the Consent Agenda shall constitute approval,
adoption, or enactment of each motion, resolution ordinance, or other item of business
thereon, exactly as if each had been acted upon individually.
Citizen Comment Period