420
Kevin O’Brien
Marvin Mitchell
Barry Morris
Calvin Tanner
Steve Conner
George Almond
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)
Brian Baines
Robert Johnson
Shannon Dews
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the public hearing and welcomed everyone that was
present. He then turned the meeting over to Johnnie Roark, County Planner.
Mr. Roark stated the first ordinance to be heard is the PROPOSED BIOSOLIDS
MONITORING ORDIANCE: This ordinance is for the purpose of allowing the
County to recoup some of the costs of monitoring land applications for
biosolids. Once we adopt this local ordinance, our Board will lay out the
framework for monitoring the land applications of biosolids and then what
procedure shall be followed for reimbursement. Part of the procedure is
posting of a sign on the property.
Is there anyone present who wishes to speak against this ordinance?
Ms. Joyce Hing: Ms. Hing has a question. Do all the properties that have been or will
be spread with biosolids have an addendum or codicil to their deeds that may it easy
for a realtor or potential buyer to know beforehand that the land that they are
interested in purchasing has been spread with biosolids? If not, who will be held
accountable or responsible for informing them or damages or illness that occur in the
future by these unsuspecting buyers from the spreading of biosolids or the metal
buildup in the ground. The State of Virginia, the Health Department, the County, the
farmer or landowner, or their heirs that are selling the land, the taxpayer or the
companies that are spreading the biosolids and making tons of money.
Also, who will be held accountable or responsible for cattle that enter the food chain
that has grazed on this land or eaten hay or other grains or fodder that has been
produced on land that has been spread with biosolids and potentially can contaminate
the meat? The USDA, the Health Department, The State, the County, the farmer or
landowner or the companies that are spreading the biosolids and making tons of money.
Harold Hing: Mr. Hing would like to know how much is it costing the taxpayers of
Appomattox County to provide these biosolids to these few farmers and stuff, if you
want to call them farmers, or real estate people, that are using this stuff and spreading
it. What is it costing us as taxpayers, eight hundred (800) thousand, two hundred (200)
thousand or one hundred (100) thousand. There was a tremendous figure that came
out about a year or so ago about what it was costing us. Does anybody know?