215
Wilson’s and Jamerson’s part. Mr. Wingfield has held their feet to the fire and has
followed the project through every step of the way.
They had a close out today with Wiley & Wilson on the building itself and there are only
a few things on the punch block and he too feels both parties involved have done an
excellent job. The furniture is being installed today, so the wiring can be placed.
The addressing is ongoing. We have had a steady growth in new housing. We have a
split in the post offices in the County. Pamplin falls in Richmond area, Evergreen,
Appomattox, Concord, Spout Spring, Gladstone all fall in the Charleston, West Virginia
area. They are behind and the earliest we can start with changing over addresses will
be November 1* with the Charleston area and October 1% with the Pamplin addresses,
where we only have one route in Appomattox. Mr. Marzof, the Virginia Technology
Officer in Richmond is very concerned, not only with us, but with other communities in
Virginia as well. Verizon cannot act on anything until the Postal Service finishes their
work.
We do not anticipate any equipment going in with Verizon until January 1*, 2006. They
do not want to start any projects with technicians going on vacation in December. This
will work out, as we will have a considerable amount of training to get done. We do not
anticipate going on line until early in March, 2006.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board that the E-911 Supervisor had been hired and she will
begin her training now and will be available to help train the other employees as they
are hired. The advertisement for Dispatchers will be going out in December and try to
have them in place in January. We have also requested an extension on the State
mandate.
Several members of the Board complimented Mr. Wingfield for the work he has done on
the E-911 project.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Danny Jobe, Appomattox Cable Television, Inc. to
address the Board. Mr. Jobe has provided the information you requested at a previous
meeting concerning the cable franchise. He is here to answer any questions you may
have and request your approval to transfer the franchise to Jet Broadband.
Mr. Jobe stated he was here to answer any questions regarding the transfer of the
franchise.
Ms. Ferguson said everything looked good to Mr. Overstreet.
Ms. Craft stated that a couple of years ago, there were some programming changes and
an increase in cost, that he was not very satisfied with.
Mr. Jobe stated that sometime they are obligated to add channels for package groups
that they already have a contract with. If they do not want to carry the programs, they
had to pay for them anyway.