545
WHEREAS, the fact that the previously-authorized organization, now defunct, failed to build the
memorial by the deadline, October 27, 2005, does not detract from the worthiness of the history, the
monumental dream or the scholarship, including scores of books written in just the past decade and the
documentation of over 2,000 black soldiers in 2001;
WHEREAS, the Virginia Association of Counties congratulates the foresight of the National Capital
Memorial Advisory Commission on June 27, 2006, in recommending that National Mall Liberty Fund D.C.
be authorized to preserve the site on the Mall at Constitution Gardens between the Lincoln Memorial and
the Washington Monument;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Virginia Association of Counties joins the National Mall
Liberty Fund D.C., the Congressional sponsors of the National Liberty Memorial Act, including Senator
Chris Dodd of Connecticut and Senator George Allen of Virginia, and other Virginia counties and
advocates in urging Americans of all backgrounds to work for the enactment of the legislation and the
establishment of the memorial.
BE IT FURHTER RESOLVED, the Virginia Association of Counties urges Governor Timothy M. Kaine,
Senators JohnW. Warner and George Allen, Representatives Jo Ann Davis, Thelma Drake, Robert C. Scott,
J. Randy Forbes, Virgil H. Goode, Jr., Bob Goodlatte, Eric Cantor, Jim Moran, Rich Boucher, Frank Wolf,
and Tom Davis to work with citizens of the Commonwealth of Virginia to lead, coordinate, and otherwise
advance efforts in Virginia to urge the U.S. Congress to approve the National Liberty Memorial Act,
support the public education campaign, renew the support of local and national organizations, and ensure
that sufficient resources are secured to dedicate the memorial by July 4, 2010.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Holiday Schedule: _ The Governor has granted additional time off for State
Employees during the holiday season for Thanksgiving, Christmas and New
Year's. Also, the Holiday Schedule for employees for 2007. Ms. Ferguson is
requesting the Board consider approving the same holiday schedule for County
Employees.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the following Holiday
Schedule for the remainder of 2006 and the upcoming calendar year 2007:
2006 Remaining Holiday Schedule:
Thanksgiving Wednesday, November 12, close at noon
(4 additional hours)
Thursday, November 23
Friday, November 24
Christmas Friday, December 22, close at noon
(4 additional hours)
Monday, December 25
Tuesday, December 26
2007 Holiday Schedule:
New Year's Monday, January 1
Tuesday, January 2
Lee-Jackson Day Friday, January 12
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day Monday, January 15
Presidents Day Monday, February 19