612
Other 379,800 409,800
TOTAL $20,654,754 $21,299,541
Local Program Support $265,032.
The Proposed School Budget for FY ‘08 is $21,299,541 which is a 3.12% increase over
FY ‘07.
Mr. Conrad stated he had read that some of the schools that were going to reject some
of the mandates under the “No Child Left Behind Act” which would result in their losing
Federal Funding. What would happen to those funds that were rejected, would they be
prorated and re-distributed to the other schools in the state or would they use it to hire
someone else in the Department of Education in Washington? He is curious to know
what happens to these funds.
They would lose any monies that were connected to the “No Child Left Behind” program.
It would probably take a couple of years for these funds to be re-allocated.
Mr. Craft made the comment that the top salary is $49,950,000. There are 17 teachers
that are making more than that.
Mr. Perrow replied that the scale is on 10 month teaching positions. There are some
people who are on a 11 or 12 month teaching positions, some 10 %2 month positions.
Also if they have a masters degree or a doctorate degree they would make more than
the scale. To look at the actual salary an individual receives, you would need to know
the month teaching position, the degrees they have, and the length of service, etc. The
only way all teachers can move from the lower level salary range is for the local portion
to be increased.
The School Board will review the Budget on March 22TM and if adopted, will submit it to
the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter asked about Capital Improvement Projects.
Ms. Ferguson stated the need to hire someone to update the CIP since it has been five
or six years since this was done. This is been discussed at some of the “chair meetings”
and when it is done, it needs to encompass the schools and give the Board something to
look at as we start planning for in their Budget.
Mr. Carter commended that the School Board had done a very nice job in presenting this
information.
Mr. Waddell stated that the Board of Supervisors does a very good job of working with
them and that we must all remember the teachers and students. We are in the student
business and we all need to work together.