158
make payment, which ever occurs first.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent).
4. Indoor Plumbing/Rehabilitation Program: The Department of Housing and
Community Development has written concerning an administrator for our Indoor
Plumbing/Rehabilitation Program. At the present time and for a number of years
Lynchburg Community Action Group has been handling this program for
Appomattox County.
After some discussion regarding the fact we do not have to change the administrator for
this program, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to continue with the
Lynchburg Community Action Group administering the Indoor Plumbing/Rehabilitation
Program for Appomattox County. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
5. Proclamation of Support for the Fourth Annual James River Sojourn:
Hadley Milliken, James River Sojourn Coordinator, has notified us of events
taking place the week of June 24" through June 28" in connection with a
Sojourn along the James River. The purpose of this event is to promote public
awareness of the importance of the James River to our area.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the following
proclamation of Support for the Fourth Annual James River Sojourn:
PROCLAMATION
Whereas, The Fourth Annual James River Sojourn, which is being conducted from June
24 through June 28, 2005, will offer paddlers throughout the region the opportunity to
participate in an organized paddle of the James River from Lynchburg to James River
State Park; and
Whereas, The Sojourn is designed to promote stewardship and draw attention to the
health of the James, its connection to the Chesapeake Bay and its importance to the
quality of life for all who live, work and recreate in the watershed: and
Whereas, The Sojourn theme for 2005, "Observing Natures Cycles,” is intended to
highlight the importance of community involvement in the protection and restoration of
this valuable natural resource and to rediscover the beauty, ecology and opportunities
the river offers for recreational and education adventure; and
Now therefore, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors supports the goals of the
Fourth Annual James River Sojourn and urges all citizens to participate in this event by
offering support to those people participating on this wonderful journey;
And directs That a copy of this citation, sponsored by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors on June 20, 2005, be transmitted to the Fourth Annual James River Sojourn.