500
The Town is not taxing you, and what they are going to tell you is, we have individuals
in our Town Government that are spending time doing things concerning utilities that
aren't really reflected in the utility budget. They may have their Town Attorney, the
Town Manager, who are getting paid a salary somewhere in the budget, but is
spending 50% of his time some other place and this would be reflected there in the
budget. What the Town needs to do is to make an enterprise fund where you allot so
much of his time to that so they can give you some figures and say here is exactly what
it is costing us to operate the water line. If is doesn’t do this, they will come to you and
say our citizens are paying taxes to pay the Town Manager’s salary and the Town
Attorney’s salary and the other people, you are not, and we are taking money from that
fund and using it there. You need to ask them to show you some figures. One other
thing, the point about the Sheriff's Department and the Landfill, which are governmental
functions and cases say that providing water service outside you community is a pro-
proprietary business, like selling apples. The same rules that are providing
governmental functions is different when you are providing pro-proprietary. There are
not many cases that talk about what we can do about rates and having any leverage, he
doubts we have any. Most of the cases that come up are when people in the County,
want the Town to provide water. There are issues when you serve and when you don’t
serve. The thing he will leave you with is if you can find some authority that the County
can get involved with these rates, let him know and he will look into it. The things you
can do, is when the Town does charge you, those rates have to be reasonable and have
to reflect the service they are providing you. They cannot just say, we want 50% more
from you but what they can say is because of the distance and we have to pump the
water, and if they can justify the cost, then they can do this. Otherwise it is
unreasonable. You would have to bring action against the Town and hire an attorney.
Mr. Carter stated they would do their best to discuss this with the Town Council and get
back to the residents at a later date.
Mr. Conrad made the statement that he supports his community's interest, but he did
not sign the petition.
Mr. Armbrust believes we, as a County Board, should look into this. These are county
taxpayers and we are their representatives. Some of the things he has heard are
ridiculous. He feels the Town Council should be put on the spot and provide some
answers. This does not make sense.
At 7:45 p.m., Mr. Carter called for a brief recess.
At 7:50 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting and called for the next item on the
agenda.
9A. Appointment to Social Services Board: Mr. Conrad and Mr. Carter have
selected an individual that is willing to serve on the Social Services Board to fill
the unexpired term of Judy Covington through January 2008.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to appoint Mr. Nelson Mann to
serve on the Social Services Board to fill the unexpired term of Judy Covington which