350
On Monday, April 3, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center,
located at 220 Community Lane, Appomattox, VA. 24522.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. , Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to give the
invocation, after which he asked everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda: There was nothing to be added
at this time.
Mr. Carter called for the next item on the agenda — Citizen Public Comment Period:
This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are
of importance or concern to the citizens.
Mr. Woolwine, 1804 Police Tower Road, Appomattox, VA: Mr. Woolwine stated
he is basically complaining about the spreading of biosolids. Today when he was coming
home they were spreading biosolids down the road about 1/10 of a mile from his home.
Their house windows were open, the top down on his convertible and they had also
planned a cookout. He had no idea this would smell like it did. They also had a cookout
planned. He would respectfully request that some type of notice be posted in advance
so people will be aware of biosolids being spread in their neighborhood. This way, they
can close up their houses and plan outdoor activities, etc.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson if when the biosolids permit is issued, do we advertise
this? Ms. Ferguson replied that we are notified about a year in advance that they will be
applying biosolids on various sites sometime within that year. Bobby Wingfield has been
working very closely with the people doing the application and we are becoming better
acquainted with the procedure and so we can probably get that cooperation. If we
could get the newspaper to publish this information at no charge, it would be a nice
gesture on their part.
Mr. Conrad stated that there has been some questions addressed concerning this
matter.
Ms. Ferguson said Mr. Roark has been discussing putting this into our own policy and he
has an ordinance drafted, which Mr. Overstreet will be reviewing. It will then be