285
Mr. Paulette then asked if the Board wished to publish the delinquent
tax list this year.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
publish the delinquent tax list after public notice.
Mr. Paulette next asked the engineer selection committee if they would
give a report to the Board.
Mr. Torrence and Mr. Carwile reported that after the interview process
the committees recommendation was to continue with Hurt & Proffitt
providing engineering services for the landfill.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
have Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. continue providing engineering services for
the landfill. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette stated that an executive session was necessary to discuss
a legal and personnel matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 9:32 p.m. seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter
into executive session to discuss personnel and legal matters. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:50 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Torrence, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for action from the executive session.