431
Mr. Armbrust stated he had talked with Coach Conkwright and a couple of his staff.
This is what they have come up with. He understands that the Board does not want to
put further burdens on the County. He thought they could use the old cafeteria; they
would put their mats in there. One of them reported that the boilers needed to be
primed or updated, cleaned out, etc. They have agreed do the boilers and put some
type of regulator on the electricity. As far as insurance, they have spoken with Mr.
Hudson regarding providing this through the high school.
Mr. Conrad reported that when Mr. Conkwright spoke to the Board about the use of the
cafeteria, he explicitly told us that he had talked with Ms. Dixon. She said she had
never talked with Coach Conkwright and she knew nothing about this at all. He has
concerns when someone comes before them and wants somebody to buy in to a plan or
program and give you information and you find out this information was not slightly out
of kilt but
it was 180% out of kilt. He point is he has to ask the question of why would he have
come to the Board with this, knowing that we would have communication with Ms.
Dixon. Who did he think he was fooling. He is not against doing something that is for
the good of the kids or school, but if Mr. Conkwright is going to be in charge of this and
he right off the bat gave us information that was not anywhere near being correct - Mr.
Conrad has problems with this.
Mr. Craft explained he had a different understanding — that Mario was the one who
spoke with Ms. Dixon and laid the ground work.
Mr. Carter said he was surprised to find that no discussion had been held with Ms. Dixon
and he is concerned with the expense involved.
It was the consensus of the Board that Ms. Ferguson and Ms. Dixon work out the details
of this request and map out a proposal.
10. Courtland Field Stage: At the last meeting you were approached with a
request that you allow the construction of a stage in Courtland Field. The stage
area has been staked off for your consideration. Mr. Scott has come back to say
that his group has secured the funding, so there would be no request from the
County for participation in the cost.
Staff recommends making a decision on allowing a stage to be constructed in the
edge of Courtland Field. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has been approached with
the suggestion that the stage be constructed at some designated site in the
Community Park where it would be better suited for concerts and future usage.
Mr. Conrad made the comment that last Friday night, the band “The Worx” was here
and last year they performed in Courtland Field because we were able to use a trailer at
the time. Unless you have a stage in Courtland Field by the time of the Railroad
Festival, a lot of things will have to be changed. Again, this stage will not be difficult to
remove, if at sometime this comes about. He has not objection to this request.
Mr. Moore stated he felt it should be placed in Abbitt Park.