643
Mr. Carter re-convened the meeting and asked Mr. Fred Underwood, Mr. Joe
Foxwell, and Mr. Sonny Conner of the Electoral Board and Ms. Sabrina Smith,
Registrar to address the Board:
The Electoral Board is here to discuss the action of the General Assembly in regards to
new voting machines that were purchased this last year.
Mr. Overstreet asked voters do we have per machine? About 500.
The Electoral Board had also written letters to the Governor, Watkins Abbitt and Frank
Ruff concerning this issue.
Mr. Underwood stated that some legislators feel that our present voting machines
(Direct Recording Electronic) need to be replaced because they do not have a Voter
Verifiable paper trail created by the machines. They also have a problem with our
machines talking to each other first thing in the morning and the last time in the evening
after the polls are closed. Also our machines are essentially special purpose person
computers, they can be “hacked” and the results altered. Currently many of the people
in the General Assembly would really need to have a piece of paper to go back to and
pick up the count instead of depending on the word electronics to count for us.
The bills passed by the General Assembly state that as of July 2007 you can no longer
buy this machine. When replacing a machine it has to be something that has a Voter
Verifying paper trail. This bill also states that if you have these machine and they are
still working, you do not have to replace them until they are no longer operable. Since
these machines are still under warranty, just as soon as we find out about a primary this
year, we plan to renew this warranty for another year. We intend to renew the
warranty on our present machines until such time as we do not have enough to conduct
our elections. At that time, we would have to scrap the entire system and start out with
something new.
Mr. Foxwell stated this the third year we have used these machines. The Federal
Government spent billions of dollars to cover the whole United States and we had to
replace all of our machines, as the older ones were no longer acceptable. The machine
we purchased was a very popular machine. Many localities in Virginia have the same
type machines.
Mr. Carter asked if the new machines purchased three years ago were paid for with local
funds or federal funds. The reply was with Federal Funds.
After some discussion Mr. Carter asked what the Board of Supervisors could do to assist
the Electoral Board with this matter.
Mr. Underwood stated that other than the General Assembly next year reversing this
decision, there is not much that can be done.
Ms. Ferguson stated that at the time the Electoral Board was notified of this change, she
wrote Delegate Abbitt and Senator Ruff echoing the comments made by the Electoral