096
Mrs. Ferguson presented a Request for the Historic Railroad Festival
for use of the ballpark to hold a tournament as a fund raising event.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow the Historic
Appomattox Railroad Festival Board the use of the ballpark, free of
charge, to hold a tournament as a fund raising event. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, ayel.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from the Sheriff’s Department
for an appropriation of $4,500.00 due to grants received from DMV.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate
$4,500.00 to 3107-7001 due to three (3) grants received from DMV.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette then explained an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session at 8:58 p.m. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:18 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
Open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
At 9:35 p.m. being nothing further, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by
Mr. Bosiger to recess until 7:00 p.m. on May 6, 1996 for the regular
board meeting. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile
)y qaye; and Mr. Moore, aye. | /) F
Jp > ff pl ®X€VA EC fY Lat AD
4h ff/-
LY
Chairman