038
Mr. Paulette next called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked about a regular schedule being implemented for carpet
cleaning in the County offices, by a private service.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Carwile next asked the disposition of the Caterpillar bill froma
previous meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Caterpillar had taken care of this bill.
Mr. Torrence asked, on behalf of Pamplin Town Council, how many
temporary units would the railroad be allowed to station on the depot
property in Pamplin, if the depot was taken down.
Mrs. Ferguson stated she would check into this, but one unit was
already approved for this location.
Mr. Paulette stated that he felt the board should purchase and present
a plaque to Sheriff Richardson and pass a resolution acknowledging his
service to the County.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
purchase a plaque for Sheriff Richardson and adopt the following
resolution in recognition of Sheriff Richardson’s service:
RESOLUTION HONORING JAMES E. RICHARDSON
WHEREAS, James E. Richardson, Sheriff for Appomattox County since
January 1, 1971 has retired effective December 31, 1995; and
WHEREAS, a native of Appomattox County, Gene Richardson graduated
from Appomattox High School; and
WHEREAS, Gene Richardson went to work for Appomattox County in 1964
as a Deputy Sheriff; and
WHEREAS, in 1971 Gene Richardson was elected Sheriff for Appomattox
County, a position in which he served with dedication for
twenty-four years; and
WHEREAS, throughout a long and renownd career in law enforcement,
Sheriff Richardson has served the people of Appomattox County,
the Town of Appomattox, and the Town of Pamplin with dedication
and perseverance.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors commend Sheriff James E. Richardson for his many
years of service to the citizens of Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.