223
2. VACo’s 2006 Legislative Program: VACo has sent us a draft of the 2006
Legislative Program. If you have any comments or wish to add anything to the
legislative program, please submit your recommendations/comments on October
3, 2005.
Mr. Conrad commented that he wanted to make sure that the Board was clear regarding
the section on Eminent Domain. Based on what he had read, they are a little more in
line with what we were looking at than they originally were. Let's face it, the Eminent
Domain situation in Connecticut, was certainly planned to favor the locality but not the
landowner. We do not want to take away the landowners ability to express his desire to
keep his property. We really need to make sure that this is what this section means.
There were no additions or changes regarding the VACo 2006 Legislative Program.
Also the Boards needs to designate Mr. Craft to cast our vote at VACo’s Annual
Business Meeting in November.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Mr. Willie Craft as
Appomattox County’s representative and cast our vote at the Annual Business meeting
on November 15, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; and Mr. Craft, abstained. (4 aye votes — 1 abstain)
2A. Wall of Honor: Mr. Conrad, Mr. Craft, Mr. Overstreet and Ms. Ferguson plan to
meet with the Committee for erecting the Wall of Honor and anticipate making a
recommendation to the Board at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Craft explained that the first thing the Wall of Honor Committee wanted to do was
erect a monument containing approximately 4000 names. They would like to make this
20’ x 40’ but could reduce it to 15’ x 40’.
Mr. Armbrust asked about issues including insurance, etc., to which Mr. Overstreet
replied that we need to look into these things. Mr. Overstreet sees this as a two step
process. One is if the Board is going to endorse this concept as to size, space and what
we want there. The other being how are we going to actually accomplish having the
construction take place, what role we will take. Is the Board going to aggregate it’s
authority and control over County property or just say they can come in and put what
they think is good here. The County does have an obligation to oversee what is going
on and take care of any legal issues that may arise.
The Board by consensus endorses the concept of the Wall of Honor, but after much
discussion, decided to table taking action on this until a later date. Also, the Committee
needs to clarify some concerns the Board has at this time.
2B. Resolution of Support for Route 47: Ms. Dixon has submitted a resolution
designating Route 47 in Appomattox County as a Scenic Byway.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the following resolution: