303
Mr. Farley explained that it would take $8,000.00 to $10,000.00 to put this reenactment
on. Mr. Farley continued that they were asking the following things of the Board of
Supervisors:
a) The permit be issued for this event;
b) The bond be waived;
c) The permit fee be waived; and
d) Financial funding, if possible.
After Mr. Farley provided further information Mr. Paulette excused Mr. Farley, and
asked if the Board wished to take action on Mr. Farleys’ request. Mr. Bosiger made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the permit for the reenactment to be held
April 3-5, 1998; waive the fee and the bond. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye,
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called on Ms. Connie Snavley, CVPDC, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Snavley thanked the Board for their time and explained her reason for coming before
the board was to give a report on the Indoor Plumbing Rehabilitation Program in
Appomattox County.
Ms. Snavley presented a very informative report to the board explaining that $100,343.00
had been spent in Appomattox County on three projects.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Snavley for her report and called on Kenneth Franklin to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Franklin explained he was coming before the Board on behalf of Concord Volunteer
Fire Department requesting funding for an addition to their building. Mr. Franklin
presented the Board with a handout for information purposes. Mr. Franklin continued by
showing slides of the present building and explaining the funding needed to complete the
project.
After the presentation, Mr. Paulette explained the Board would consider this request
during the budget process and get back to the Concord Fire Department.
Mr. Paulette next called on Sheriff Staples and Sgt. Craft to appear before the Board.
Mr. Torrence rejoined the meeting.
Sheriff Staples began by stating that he was coming before the Board to present his views
as to what a County funded drug related position could do for the County. Sheriff Staples
continued that in his opinion a position that dealt strictly with drug related issues would
have a positive impact in the County. Sheriff Staples explained what is being done now
to work with drug abuse.
Mr. Paulette asked if Sheriff Staples had a dollar figure as to the cost of funding a new
position.