084
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $153.23
from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund to 4302-7010. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $325.00
from the Library Fund to 7301-5414. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $77.58
from the Law Library Fund for the month of April, 1996. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next stated that a decision on James E. Richardson’s,
retired Sheriff, request for a $250.00 per month supplement to his
retirement had been continued to this meeting. Mr. Paulette requested
the pleasure of the Board on this matter.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board of Supervisors, it was
determined the $250.00 in question, is the Law Enforcement Officers
Supplement administered by the Virginia Retirement System, and approved
by Board of Supervisors action on September 13, 1985.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Memorial United Methodist
Church for use of the Courtland field on June 1, 1996.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Memorial
United Methodist Church the use of the Courtland field on June 1, 1996
for a family fun day. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from the Sheriff for an
appropriation to replace the refrigerator in the jail.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $598.00 to replace the refrigerator in the jail. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained the Board had two (2) options for funding
cost-of-living increases in retirement. Mr. Paulette continued that
information had been provided explaining these options and a decision
would have to be made by July 1, 1996.
Mr. Paulette explained that middle management with Norfolk/Southern
Railroad had approved the property transfer on Route 648 and were
waiting on upper management approval.
Mr. Paulette then informed the Board that a decision on Raymond
Dickerson’s tax exemption request, on Pamplin Pipe Factory, had been
continued from the March 4, 1996 meeting to this meeting.