210
Mr. Paulette next called on Mrs. Sally Burke to appear before the Board
Mrs. Burke stated that she came before the Board of Supervisors
requesting they consider a leash law for the benefit of all citizens of
the County. Mrs. Burke continued that there had been six (6) dog bites
reported in the month of June and that she felt this was happening too
often. Mrs. Burke asked that the Board strongly consider a leash law
to help eliminate this problem.
Being nothing further, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mrs. Burke and
assured her the Board of Supervisors would look into this problem.
Mr. Paulette then called on Mr. Reed Johnson, Superintendent of the
Appomattox Court House National Historical Park to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Johnson began by thanking the Board for allowing him to meet with
them in order that he could explain some changes that would be taking
place within the National Park Service within the next few years.
#1) New management plan is being developed;
#2) Funding has become an issue and could become critical in the next
few years.
Mr. Johnson concluded that he may be coming to the Board of Supervisors
asking for support, in the future, in his efforts to keep funding
coming to the park.
Mr. Johnson then answered questions of the Board members concerning the
Park’s operation.
Being nothing further for Mr. Johnson, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused
him.
Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. William S. Slagle, Chairman, of the
I.D.A. to appear before the Board.
Mr. Slagle began by saying that he was coming before the Board to
report on the activities of the I.D.A. Mr. Slagle continued that after
four (4) meetings, they had narrowed the field down to several sites.
Mr. Slagle continued to give the Board general information on the
I.D.A.’s progress.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette called for a motion to enter into
executive session to discuss specific site locations.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session at 7:58 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence, seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:32 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.