245
2) Following construction of the pad, County has approved placement of
the following monuments thereon and located as follows:
(Please see page 5 of original proposal for reference)
All monuments will be strategically located and centered properly on
concrete pad.
All monuments will be facing Court street and positioned in a manner that
does not block the view of the Flood mausoleum from Court Street.
The monument for first responders will be placed or right side of approved
concrete pad (facing old courthouse) and will be appropriately and strategically
aligned according to its unique purposes.
The County Administrator must receive 10 days notice of the date on
which the monuments will be installed.
Legion will determine and recommend to County eligibility requirements
for an individual to be represented on the monuments, which standards shall be
approved in writing by the County. (See Donor Engraving Form in original
proposal at page 8.)
3) Following placement of the monuments on the pad, it is anticipated
that approximately each six months additional names of individuals approved
through the eligibility process will be engraved on the monuments. The County
Administrator shall receive 10 days notice before said engraving.
4) Any construction or any engraving must be fully paid for by Legion in
advance, or Legion must have funds available for payment after completion.
5) Following construction, engraving, or any other work on these
monuments, County’s property shall be restored to the same condition as prior
said work.
6) This project shall be at no cost to the County.
7) Either party may terminate this Memorandum at any time upon 5 days
written notice to the other party.
8) The placement of future monuments positioned on the concrete pad
will require the County’s approval.
9) Legion agrees to maintain said pad and monuments in a clean
condition and in good state of repair at its own costs; however funds set forth in
paragraph 11 may be utilized.
10) Any contractor or sub-contractor engaging in work on the project as
set forth in this Memorandum of Understanding will have in force liability
insurance for damage to person or property in such limits, and with such company
as approved by the County Administrator and in a form approved by the County
attorney.
11) Legion agrees to deposit with the Treasurer of the County of
Appomattox the sum of $3,000.00 (as proposed) to be held in a discrete fund and
used for future upkeep and maintenance of the Wall of Honor.
12) While Legion will establish a cost of schedule fee for engraving an
eligible individual’s name on standing monuments and request and encourage
donations from friends or family before placing the name thereon; nonetheless, if
Legion received a request to place the name of an eligible person on a standing