497
Cecil 131.47
Linda 27.00 61.53
Unidentified 44.00 60.00 & 93.72
Mr. Pankey said he thought this would give the Board an idea of what they were dealing
with. He has done considerable research on this matter. He has been a resident of
Walton Place for 26 years and a resident of Appomattox County for 68 years. When he
first bought the lot in Walton Place, the well was in place and water run to each of the
lots. Some of the lots were not large enough to support a well, but even if they were
large enough, connection to the sub-division well was mandatory. Up until five years
ago, Red Jamerson, was the water department. He read the meters and sent out bills
written in pencil. It only took Red one to two days a month to maintain the water
system in Walton Place. This included, testing the water, reading the meters and billing.
The Town of Appomattox has a budget for their water system of approximately one-half
million dollars. When Red could no longer manage the job of taking care of the Walton
Place Water System, Bill Jamerson, his nephew, gave the wells to the Town of
Appomattox and paid them $20,000. In return the Town of Appomattox agreed to
furnish water to the planned Walton Place Extension, including Turkey Road. As a result
of that deal, Appomattox Water Department installed a 12 inch waterline from the town
to Walton Place to supplement the town’s water supply. There is a 4 inch waterline
supplying the homes in Walton Place. Residents have seen nearly a 200% increase in
their water bills in the last two years. The residents in the Town of Appomattox have
elected officials to negotiate their water rates for them. We, the County residents would
like for you, the County Board of Supervisors, to negotiate water rates for us. He
understands the Board of Supervisors regulates the rates for non-essential services,
such as cable TV. If you can do that, certainly you can regulate water rates, as water is
essential for life. He personally does not feel that Walton Place home owners should be
paying anymore, if as much, for water as the people in the Town of Appomattox. The
very wells that were drilled to supply water to the Walton Place homeowners and was
the centerpiece for lot purchases, is now supplying water to much of the Town of
Appomattox. However, the homeowners for which the wells were drilled, are paying
approximately double what is being charged in Town for water. This bears repeating
.. the very wells that were drilled to supply to Walton Place homeowners, and was the
selling point for lots that we purchased, is now supplying water to much of the Town of
Appomattox. However, these homeowners for which the wells were drilled are paying
approximately double the rates of town owners. We at Walton Place are appealing to
you, our elected representatives, to please negotiate a fair deal on our water rates. The
rates have increased about 200% in the past two years. What do we have to look
forward to in the future. If someone does not put a control on this, it will go clean out
of control. Thank you.
Mr. Carter commented that he is one of the “in town users”. His question is when you
appeared before the Town Council, the Council said that they were going to revisit this
issue and he is assuming that they did re-visit this concern, have they gotten back in
touch with you?
Mr. Pankey, further stated that most of the Walton Place homeowners are retired and on
a fixed income. This sort of increase in water rates is very difficult to handle.