400
7. Information demonstrating that any proposed replacement of dwelling units
with smaller dwelling units is consistent with the housing needs of low-and
moderate-income households in the jurisdiction.
The County of Appomattox will provide relocation assistance to each low/moderate-
income household displaced by the demolition of housing or by the direct result of
assisted activities. Such assistance shall be that provided under Section 104 (d) of the
Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, as amended, or the Uniform
Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, as amended.
The County of Appomattox FY2006-2007 project includes the following activities:
Renovation of the west wing of the Carver-Price Educational Complex on Confederate
Boulevard, Appomattox, Virginia in order to facilitate its use as a workforce development
and education center.
The activities as planned will not cause any displacement from or conversion of
occupiable structures. As planned, the project calls for the use of existing right-of-way or
easements to be purchased or the acquisition of tracts of land that do not contain housing.
The County of Appomattox will work with the grant management staff, engineers, project
area residents, and the Department of Housing and Community Development to insure
that any changes in project activities do not cause any displacement from or conversion
of occupiable structures.
In all cases, an occupiable structure will be defined as a dwelling that meets local
building codes or a dwelling that can be rehabilitated to meet code for $25,000 or less.
Signature of Authorized Official Date
NON-DISCRIMINATION POLICY
The County of Appomattox or any employee thereof will not discriminate against an
employee or applicant for employment because of race, age, handicap, creed, religion,
color, sex, or national origin. Administrative and Personnel officials will take affirmative
action to insure that this policy shall include, but not be limited, to the following:
Employment, upgrading, demotion or transfer, rates of pay or forms of compensation;
and selection for training.
Signature of Chief Elected Official
FAIR HOUSING CERTIFICATION