O49
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors acknowledges a
responsibility to the citizens of the County to help control costs
imposed upon them; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has reviewed the
revised rate schedule proposed for GTE customers; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors feels the revised
rate schedule is acceptable, if GIE returns to the original proposed
local calling areas for 352, 248, and 933 exchanges;
NOW, THEREFORE, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby
endorse the proposed rate increase as documented by case number
PUC950019 with the above stipulations.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then moved on to the "Administrative Items". The first
Administrative Item was a request from Region 2000 for a resolution of
support for two budget amendments for economic development funds.
Mr. Paulette explained what these funds would be used for in the region|.
=a
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
VIRGINIA’S RBGION 2000
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ACTION PLAN
WHEREAS, Virginia’s Region 2000 is dedicated to taking those steps
necessary to insure our area’s future economic vitality; and
WHEREAS, The Region 2000 program has been cited by Governor George
Allen as a "prime example of how local leaders can define their
own destiny" and "a model we want to use to show other groups in
Virginia and say here’s how to do it"; and
WHEREAS, in response to the Opportunity Virginia strategic plan
initiatives, Region 2000 has developed an action plan to insure
that our communities stay on the cutting edge of the economic
development arena; and
WHEREAS, that plan outlines programming that will not only benefit
Region 2000 but will serve as examples and pilot projects that can
be replicated in other parts of the state; and
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors asks and encourages the General Assembly and Governor
Allen to support Virginia Region 2000’s action plan for economic
development.