247
keeping track of when these terms expire. She sees this request as twofold in that we
move those terms to December 31% of the year they presently expire; and the other
possibly advertising for persons to fill these positions.
Mr. Conrad made the statement that if we end these terms on the 31% of December,
would we then have to stagger terms so as not to have a large number of new members
at any given time.
Mr. Spencer agreed. This could be accomplished by re-appointing the commissioners
representing the County so as to stagger their terms of office.
Mr. Carter called for a motion to extend all the terms of the Planning Commissioners to
expire on December 31* of the year.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to extend the Planning
Commissioners term of office to expire on December 31° of a given year. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Ferguson stated that there has been some concern over the past year that people
are not being given the opportunity to participate on the various board and
commissions. In discussing this with staff, we have determined that we would like to
advertise for any up-coming opening that would be available on any board or
commission that the County appoints. e.ij. Library Board, Community Center Board;
Planning Commission, IDA, or whatever may come up. She is asking that the Board
establish as policy, that we run an ad in the newspaper for a couple of weeks and have
citizens fill out an application, express their interests and giving a little background of
themselves. This would be followed up by an interview in order to see where their
abilities and interests lie and then make recommendations to the Board for
appointments.
Mr. Carter questioned the legal point view on making this change.
Mr. Overstreet replies that the code states that after you initially set up the Planning
Commission with four (4) year terms, you can change terms thereafter. You cannot,
however, cut someone's term short unless you have just cause or the individual requests
to be replaced. He would suggest that on the four that are to expire this year, you
could extend these for 1 or 2 years in order to stagger these. We also need to make
sure these appointments are not made with discriminations.
After much discussion it was agreed that Ms. Ferguson would advertise and receive
applications for persons to serve on the Planning Commission, as well as other Boards
and Commissions are necessary.
5. Job Descriptions: Job descriptions have been revised for the following
positions: