344
Ms. Ferguson stated the Forestry Service would not make a recommendation one way or
the other. The Forestry Service usually does a statewide ban and they have not issued
one at this time.
Mr. Carter stated he had received several phone calls in this regard as to why
Appomattox had not enacted a burn ban due to the dry conditions that we are
experiencing plus the wonderful March winds. Personally he feels it is a good idea.
Mr. Craft agrees with Mr. Carter in that as long as we have these dry and windy
conditions, this is a concern for everyone.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to issue a
Declaration of Local Emergency that Appomattox County would not allow any outdoor
burning until further direction by the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter, Chairman made the following Declaration:
This is to notify you that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has declared that
an emergency exists wherein the continued dry weather conditions require the issuance
of a burning ban making it unlawful for any person to set fire to, or procure another to
set fire to any woods, brush, logs, leaves, grass debris or other flammable material
within the boundaries ofAppomattox County, Virginia.
This burning ban will continue in effect until terminated by action of the Board of
Supervisors.
The effective date of this burning ban is Tuesday, March 21, 2006. If you should have
any questions concerning the institution of this declaration of emergency for burning
ban in Appomattox County, they should be directed to the County Administrators
Office.”
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Resolution to Endorse CDBG Application: The required public hearings
have been held and we now need to adopt the resolution supporting the CDBG
application.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the following resolution
supporting the CDBG application:
RESOLUTION TO ENDORSE THE APPLICATION FOR COMMUNITY
DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT (CDBG) FUNDS TO ADDRESS WORKFORCE
DEVELOPMENT AND EDUCATION NEEDS IN THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX.
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Housing & Community
Development has announced available funding for the Virginia Community Development Block
Grant program; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox and the Appomattox Management Team
underwent a thorough planning process to identify and prioritize long-term needs to sustain and