57
3. Joint Meeting with the Town of Appomattox: The joint meeting with the
Town of Appomattox to review the Water Study, scheduled for February 28,
2005 was cancelled due to inclement weather. It has been suggested that this
meeting be held on Monday, March 28, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. at the Community
Center.
By consensus, the Board agreed to reschedule the Joint Meeting with the Town of
Appomattox to review the Water Study for Monday, March 28, 2005 at 6:30 p.m. at the
Appomattox Community Center.
4. Lease Agreement/Carver-Price Legacy Museum: Prior to February 22,
2005, Mr. Carter, Mr. Overstreet and Ms. Ferguson met with members of the
Carver-Price Alumni Association to discuss the proposed lease agreement for the
museum. As a result of this meeting the following changes were suggested:
SECTION ONE: Change “one year” to “five years”.
SECTION TWO: Change “one year” to “five years”.
SECTION THREE: Change “$10.00 “ to “$1.00”.
SECTION FOUR: Omit the third sentence regarding offensive uses.
Add at the end “other than advertising the museum
itself or museum sponsored events”.
SECTION TEN: Add to the second paragraph — “The provisions shall not
apply to the list attached as Schedule “B”.
SECTION THIRTEEN: Add the end — “which notice shall be a least 5 days
except in case of emergency.
SECTION FOURTEEN: Omit paragraph B. In paragraph C change “5
days” to “30 days”.
SECTION SIXTEEN: After “Lessee” add - “which has caused, or may be
reasonably like to cause, damage or injury to
person or property,......”.
After Mr. Overstreet explained each of the above changes, Mr. Craft made a motion,
seconded by Mr. Moore, to make changes to the Carver-Price Legacy Museum Lease,
Sections 1 - 16 as stated above. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
There was no action taken on the request for additional space.
5. Appomattox County Habitat for Humanity Building Permit Fee: Mrs.
Evelyn Ford has written to the Board requesting the building permit fee be
waived for the next Habitat for Humanity house. They also invited the Board to
attend the dedication of their eleventh home on Sunday, March 13, 2005 at 2:00
p.m.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to waive the
building permit fee for the next Habitat for Humanities home to be built in Appomattox
County. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)