596
amendment to the Community Development Plan. Anyone wishing to speak, please step
forward, give your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting to Mr. Roark who gave a brief overview of the plan.
Mr. Roark began by saying that a couple of months ago each board member received a
copy of the Community Development Plan and hopefully you had time to read over it.
We have for the past year been talking about a new development plan to accomplish
goals that were set up a couple of years ago. The plan was to have a tentative plan
adopted. After Mr. Stidham left, things sort of got “out of whack”. Since he came on
board, he has tried to get things back “on track”. This is the first “mini” or pending plan
for Comprehensive or Community Development Plan. What this Resource Conservation
Plan does is ask three (3) important questions. Where is growth taking place? What
areas are best suited for development? And How and what resources should be
preserve? We broke this into two (2) parts: 1) Future land use map and 2) general
guidelines for preservation of agricultural, forested areas, water resources, etc.
This is what the entire document is and if you look at the map, it talks about the two (2)
shades of green. The darker green is conservation areas — areas that we want to
preserve pretty much the way they are. The lighter green is the rural preservation areas
— agricultural land. The orange and red areas are two of the key elements. The orange
is the primary growth area, where residential growth basically will take place -
Stonewall, Concord, the Police Tower Road, Pumping Station Road, Purdum Mill Road
and the Promise land area. Also the area north of town around Horseshoe Road. This is
the way the Planning Commission envisions high density development will go. The red
is where they envision commercial development going - basically along Route 460. The
area west of town to Campbell County. A little area towards Evergreen and then skip
down to Pamplin. This also deal with the village hubs which do not fit into any one
single use category as they are planned for a mixture of uses designed to blend together
into village type settings. These are primarily residential but contain an integrated
neighborhood of commercial, office, civic uses and parks and shown in the beige color.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone had any questions.
Hearing no comments, at 6:10 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman