063.
Mr. Carwile next asked for funds to construct a recessed cabinet at th
Community Center with a glass front to house plaques. He stated the
size should be 42" wide and 36" tall, trimmed as a window.
©
Mr. Carwile also asked if the Board’s accomplishments could be
published in the paper, in order to keep the citizens informed.
Mr. Carwile then presented the Board with the rate schedule for
Lynchburg’s sewage treatment plant. Mr. Carwile continued that he felt
provisions could be made at the landfill to handle this sewage and the
County could profit by this decision.
Mr. Carwile next stated he felt there was a better way to handle dogs.
Mr. Carwile continued he was concerned with the spread of rabies. Mr.
Carwile stated that license fees could be as much as $10.00 and this
fee could be waived as an incentive if pet owners would spade or neuter
their dogs. Mr. Carwile asked that the Board continue to think about
this problem.
Mr. Carwile then asked the other Board members for action on the
Community Center request.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to authorize a
recessed cabinet to be installed at the Community Center at a cost not
to exceed $100.00. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for other supervisor concerns, hearing none, he
called Dr. JoAnna Harris to appear before the Board.
Dr. Harris provided each Board member with the Appomattox County Health
Departments Annual Report and introduced her staff. Dr. Harris then
presented a detailed review of the annual report for 1995 with each
member of her staff explaining their particular area of expertise.
In closing, Dr. Harris stated that the Health Department was in need of
additional space and if the Board were to purchase a building, the
State would amortize the cost of their portion of the building over a
twenty (20) year period.
Mr. Paulette thanked Dr. Harris and her staff and called Mr. & Mrs.
Roger O’Brien to appear before the Board.
Mrs. O’Brien stated that her reason for appearing before the Board was
to discuss the landfill user fee. Mrs. O’Brien continued by saying sh
did not feel that the method of obtaining the names for this list was
fair and she felt people were not paying that should be. Mrs. O’Brien
also stated that for a business the size of hers she could not continu
to pay all the fees related to large businesses.
©Oo
Mrs. O’Brien next noted that the concealed weapons permit fee for
Appomattox was $50.00 and the same permit in Amherst County cost
$10.00. Mrs. O’Brien stated she could not understand why there was
such a large difference in the fees.