544
Offender Public Website to search for sex offenders information in each community,
require states to notify each other when sex offenders move from one state to another,
and increase law enforcement’s ability to combat child pornography by ensuring that law
enforcement has access to the same information across the United States. In addition, it
will increase penalties for using the internet for the sexual exploitation of children.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox this 6" Day of November, 2006, does hereby commend and
thank John and Reve Walsh for using their own personal tragedy for the betterment of the
children in our community, in our state, and across the United States of America; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board is requesting that the County
Administrator of the County of Appomattox send this resolution to the Virginia
Association of Counties for distribution to other localities so that they too may commend
Mr. and Mrs. Walsh on their efforts in getting this very important legislation passed in
our Country.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Request for Resolution Supporting the National Liberty Memorial: The
Virginia Association of Counties along with localities in Virginia are requesting
that you adopt a resolution urging the Governor to work with citizens of the
Commonwealth to lead, coordinate and advance efforts to urge the U. S.
Congress to approve the National Liberty Memorial Act.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following resolution
regarding the establishment of a National Liberty Memorial to African Americans of the
Revolutionary war era.
RESOLUTION
NATIONAL LIBERT MEMORIAL
WHEREAS, legislation is pending in the U.S. Congress to establish the National Liberty Memorial on the
Mall in Washington, D.C., to African Americans of the Revolutionary war era with funds donated by
citizens of the United States and nations around the world who are inspired by their struggle for liberty;
WHEREAS, from 1775 to 1783 over 5,000 slaves and free persons, including 500 Virginians, advanced
Independence and universal liberty by serving as soldiers and sailors in the Continental Army and local
militias while countless others performed patriotic acts as civilians;
WHEREAS, from as early as 1848, when historian William C. Nell and others petitioned the
Massachusetts legislature for a memorial to Crispus Attucics, and 1908, when Virginians Giles B. Jackson
and Webster Davis observed, “Monuments innumerable have been erected to white soldiers who fought in
the Revolution. Only a few kind words have been said for the colored soldiers,” there has been a
consciousness over 158 years that those patriots deserve a national memorial;
WHEREAS, finally, between 1984, and 1988, Congress approved Public Law 98-245 honoring the role of
the black soldiers, patriots, runaway slaves and freedom petitioners and authorized a black patriots
memorial on the Mall with the enactment of Public Laws 99-558 and 100-265;