144
WHEREAS, the Cornerstone Baptist Association represents over
thirty Churches in the localities of Appomattox County, Campbell
County, Charlotte County, Halifax County and the City of Lynchburg; an
ler
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the
goals of the Cornerstone Baptist Association to be beneficial and
worthy of honorable recognition.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors commends the Cornerstone Baptist Association for their
efforts in Appomattox County, as well as, the surrounding localities.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented the proposed Memorandum of Understanding
with Emanuel Tire Company concerning tire chip reimbursement.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was decided to hol
this item until further information could be obtained.
ler
Mr. Paulette then presented convention request from the Recreation
Director and Commissioner of Revenue and training for Tommy Gobble.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve
convention expenses for the Recreation Director. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay convention
expenses for the Commissioner of Revenue and one (1) deputy to attend
Lcoc. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr}
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve expenses
for Mr. Gobble to attend the Landfill Operators Basic Training Course.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next directed the Board’s attention to a livestock damage!
claim by Mr. Wayne Phelps.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
pay the livestock damage claim for Mr. Wayne Phelps. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented supplemental appropriation requests from
the Ballpark Fund, Law Library Fund and the Textbook Rental Fund.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate
$682.50 from the Ballpark Fund for the month of August, 1996. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.