073
Mr. Paulette then welcomed, Mrs. Sabrina Smith, Registrar and Mr. Joe
Foxwell, Secretary for the Electoral Board. Mr. Paulette asked if the
would give a brief overview of their budget requests for FY97.
Mrs. Smith began by reviewing the line items in her budget that
increased and gave an explanation for these increases.
Mr. Foxwell then went over some problems with communications on days ¢
election, and asked the Board to keep this problem in mind. He
continued by explaining the Electoral Board was looking into some
solutions to this problem and they would return to the Board of
Supervisors later with more information.
Mrs. Ferguson explained there were some maintenance items that need tq
be taken care of at the precinct buildings and she would review these
with the Board during the budget process.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Foxwell and Mrs. Smith for coming and called
Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Peterson and Mrs. Ferguson gave an explanation of requests for
Departments 4203 Collection; 4204 Disposal; 4206 Litter Grant and 4207
Recycling.
A general question and answer period followed.
Being no further questions for Mr. Peterson, Mr. Paulette thanked and
excused him.
Mr. Paulette next told the other Board members that a decision needed
to be made on the Juvenile Detention Agreement with the City of
Lynchburg. Mr. Paulette then asked Mrs. Ferguson to provide the
answers to the questions raised at a previous meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson provided the requested clarification of areas in the
agreement that concerned the Board of Supervisors.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore that Appomattox County adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the City of Lynchburg has an existing contractual relationshi
with the other localities in the 10th and 24th Judicial Districts
to house juveniles in the Lynchburg Juvenile Detention Home
("Detention Home"); and
WHEREAS, the Detention Home no longer can serve the needs of such
localities and the City of Lynchburg for secure detention; and
WHEREAS, on the basis of a Needs Assessment presented to to the Board
of Youth and Family Services of the Commonwealth of Virginia, the
Commonwealth has agreed to fund 50% of the $5,000,000 constructio
cost of expanding and renovating the Detention Home to increase
mn