88
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the E-911 PSAP Sole
Source Procurement for the telephones and selected communications cabling. ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Comprehensive Community Mental Health for Children and their
Families: Central Virginia Community Services is requesting a letter of support
for a grant application that would enhance and expand community capacity to
serve children and adolescents with serious emotional disturbance and their
families in the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell and the
Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg. They are not requesting any funding for this
grant only your endorsement.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to write a
letter of support endorsing the Comprehensive Community Mental Health for Children
and their Families grant application. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Region 2000 Regional Commission Spring 2005 Meeting: The spring
regional commission meeting is scheduled to be held at the Florence Elston
Conference Center at Sweet Briar College in Amherst County on April 21, 2005 at
5:45 p.m. Anyone wishing to attend, please let Ms. Ferguson know prior to April
15, so reservations can be made.
Mr. Conrad recommended those who could, please attend.
6. Regional Seminar on Conservation Easements and Comprehensive
Plans: Region 2000 Regional Commission has scheduled a workshop for April
26, 2005 from 2:00 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. at the Bedford Welcome Center
Community Room. Topic will be Conservation Easements and Comprehensive
Plans. In light of the purposed museum at the old elementary school, this may
be a very informative session for anyone who wishes to attend.
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7 —
10)
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of the Regular meeting of
March 7, 2005 and the Joint Meeting with Town Council on March 14, 2005.
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATION:
9. Courthouse Bond: Please appropriate by consent a_ supplemental
appropriation in the amount of $665.00 from the Courthouse Bond to pay for
lock changes at the new courthouse and telephone and computer wiring service.
FUND TRANSFER: