414
sewerage a lot easier and lot more timely than you can water. Water is the key to the
whole development cycle.
Mr. Conrad: If we are going to do battles about this and it looks like we are. When you
look around at development throughout our nation today, areas that want to put
windmills in or turbines in, people do not want these sites ruined. If you want to have
off shore drilling, we don’t want our beaches ruined. If we want to develop nuclear
energy, they do not want to do that — too dangerous. If we want to put a waterline in,
no — they do not want to change the astatic value of the county. You have a lot of
people out there that are going to say that, but maybe it not so many as it is just the
ones that are saying it are rather loud. On the other hand, we have been put in these
positions to make these decisions and we are not going to please every body in every
case, but supposedly through the research that we do and the abilities that we have
been blessed with, we will make a decision. We won't say it will always work out
perfectly, but the main thing is that we have to realize that progress is something that is
not going to stop, this is what we were elected for and that is what everyone is here for.
We need to move on and say “the heck with this thing of everybody turning around and
telling us how wrong we are” because basically you get that in everything you do.
Ms. Harris: Everyone wants a spigot to turn on and everyone wants the lights switch to
turn on. That is a much more fundamental expectation.
Mr. Slagle: The scene Mr. Spiggle painted of having bottle water brought in, is very
plausible, that could happen here.
Ms. Harris: From our economic prospective, people expect this. This is the norm they
are use to. She travels a lot and talks to a lot of people, and the concept of well water,
is completely foreign to many, many people and would not be a reliable supply at all.
Not for their homes, and certainly not for business and industry.
Discussion continued around the fact that there is a lot left to be negioated in terms of
how this would be funded, etc. We would be getting a pretty good deal for getting
water for less than five (5) million dollars. The system is set up to get a half-million
gallons a day and if you wanted to increase this, it would not be that difficult because of
the way it is laid out you can increase supply by just laying more lines. If we do not get
on the train this time, that door may be closed and this opportunity may not every
present itself again.
Mr. Spiggle: He wished to state from a gentleman who lived many, many years before
he was born and everyone knows his name — Thomas A. Edison. He was an inventor
and a very smart man with a lot of wisdom. He said “change is inevitable”. If you do
not believe it, look at Appomattox. We have three (3) shopping center — who would
have ever believed that 20 years ago. Change is inevitable and you can be on the front
end and be the beneficiary or you can be on the rear end and be the victim. We have
the opportunity right now to be pro-active rather than re-active.
Mr. Slagle: Those who addressed the meeting all concur with the alternative as
recommended by this report.