293
John K. Spencer, Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and stated the purpose of the
hearing was to receive public comments on any appropriate use of Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds and should not be limited to the Carver Price
School project.
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding is one of the few dependable
sources of funding for small localities, but it’s a very competitive process. These are
predominately Federal funds for which smaller Virginia communities must compete
against each other to secure. Competitive grant applications are accepted by the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) each March. This
year’s deadline is March 22.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Spencer.
Mr. Spencer stated that last summer the County was awarded some Community
Development Block Grant planning funds from the Virginia Department of Housing and
Community Development. The county enlisted the services of the Region 2000 Local
Government Council to help us with this grant. Here today from the Local Government
Council is the Executive Director, Gary Christie and his associate, Scott Smith who will
conduct the public hearing from this point.
Mr. Christie stated this was the first of two (2) public hearings in consideration of the
CDBG. There is a little over $8 million dollars available in this year’s competitive
process, for small communities with a population of under 50,000 to apply for on a
State-wide basis. These monies can be use for a variety of purposes for comprehensive
community development, which would fix houses, roads, utilities within a neighborhood.
It can also be used for economic development projects, but usually they are for
attraction of businesses that are manufacturing related businesses that are guaranteed
to come in if certain things are done. Examples are, housing and housing renovation,
the building of community facilities, utilities, components of water plants, as well as
community service facilities such as daycare facilities, facilities for protective
populations, such as the elderly and disabled, community centers, health clinics,
libraries, schools, hospitals, and skill building facilities for youth and unemployed.
Community Service Facilities must demonstrate that facility development is a clear local
community priority in order to be awarded up to $700,000 for a community service
facility.
As stated by Mr. Spencer, we have a little bit of money, about $25,000 to look into an
application for the Carver Price School, as a workforce development center and
community facility. This would fall under this Community Service Facilities category and
you could apply for up to $700,000 dollars of these funds.
The way the process works is that tonight this public hearing is on CDBG topics in
general. If there are projects or ideas that the community might have, now is the time