511
income for everybody in Lynchburg, or are we going to take care of our own. In taking
care of our own, here is one suggestion: When a developer comes into the community,
Campbell County is tagging what is called a “Proffer” of $5,000 to $35,000 for each
home developed. Many of the discussion, we have had on this, is a result of having
lived in the Northeast when the “Lovett Town” came into the city area of Long Island.
Fortunately or unfortunately, as the case may be, someone had the wisdom to ask Mr.
Lovett to be sure to put a certain amount for each house into the development of
schools, so they had money in their coffers. If we don’t protect ourselves, the minute
the waterline comes in, everyone is going to be interested in coming here because there
are not too many places for the “spillover” from Lynchburg. Consequently, the first item
on the list, the realtors do not like is that the size of lots has been changed. We need to
look at the minimum size of our lots, make sure that the property is adequate for the
size of the houses being built. Where there is public sewer and public water available,
there will be sidewalks, street lights, and all the other good things. Also, existing road
frontage will not be able to be used in most cases. They will not have houses setting
smack on every road frontage. There will be some pretence of a country side. The
proposed ordinances even expand the requirements for landscaping. The crust of the
matter is this puts the cost of the housing at $350,000 and lots closer to $55,000, well
beyond the reach of most residents. The developers and the real estate people are the
ones who are interested in what is going on here. They will be the first one in here to
ruin our nice, peaceful community. Thank You.
Dale Campbell, 1536 Hummingbird Lane: It would be nice if we could keep things
like they are, but we all know that we cannot do this. Taxes are going up and we must
do something about it. We have to have economic growth. We, as farmers and
landowners, cannot stand the increases in taxes. Personal property tax is going up, and
we have a reassessment next year. His taxes are over $6,000 a year. We need this
waterline. We have done the studies on this and they show we need it. The IDA says
we need it and he has had dealing with them and they have always been truthful. They
have nothing to gain. Let’s vote to have the waterline.
Robert Abernathy: In the 60’s he lived in Lynchburg and they had a shortage of
water. The water was so low, you could not wash white clothes, your car and anything,
is this what we want? We should be able to control our own water. This deal is being
pushed down people throats, we do not want anything pushed down our throats. We
should pay off some of the debts we presently have before going into debt any further.
We cannot afford to have any more tax increases.
Mr. Carter then moved to the next item on the agenda: APPEARANCES.
Mr. Michael Russell, Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Mr.
Russell is appearing before the Board to discuss the physical state of the dams within
Appomattox County.
Mr. Russell stated that as per his August 15" letter, there are three (3) dams that were
built about 50 years ago. They have appointed a task force to look at some of the
problems that have been associated with all of these dams. There are over 108 of these
dams that are very similar to the ones we have in our county. Basically what they are