352
funding, it has to include that part. Mr. Johnson will be looking at this from his end
through the National Park Service. Mr. Roark is not proposing any funding from the
locality.
It was the consensus of the Board for Mr. Roark to proceed with this grant application.
Mr. Carter next presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-6)
1. Appomattox County Planning Commission Recommendations: The
Appomattox County Planning Commission met on March 20, 2006 and
recommend approval of the following petition:
CUP06003 - Mark Franklin: The applicant is requesting a conditional use
permit on property located on Double Bridges Road (Route 670) between
Promise Land Road (Route 604) and Chilton Road (Route 645) for the purpose of
placing a mobile home on the property. The subject property is zoned Village
District - V1 and is identified as Tax Map #87-A-62.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve for reasons of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare and good zoning practice, the Conditional Use
Permit - CUPO6003 for Mark Franklin. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Abandonment of a portion of State Road 843: The proper notices of
abandonment have been posted on State Route 843 and also published in the
local newspaper for the proper length of time. No objections have been received
so all is in order to proceed.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following resolution to
abandon a portion of State Route 843:
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
ORDER
IN RE: ABANDONMENT OF A 600’ SECTION OF SECONDARY HIGHWAY #843
This matter came to be heard upon a Resolution of the Board to consider a
Petition, filed by Thomas W. Cawthorne to abandon a 600’ section of State Route # 843,
at its terminus, at the Board’s meeting on April 3, 2006, and upon proper notice as
required by the Code of Virginia, no one having filed a Petition for a public hearing
within 30-days thereafter.
Upon information received by the Board, the board finds that said road is no
longer necessary for the uses of the secondary system of highways of the
Commonwealth of Virginia nor for continuance as a public road, and that there are
alternative routes for use by the public.
Wherefore, the Board doth order that said 600’ section of road at the terminus of
State Route #843 be, and it hereby is, abandoned as public road pursuant to Sec. 33.1-
151 Code of Virginia.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)