Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. Bruce Stratton with Concord Volunteer Rescue Squad to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Bruce Stratton and Mr. Ken Walsh of the Concord Volunteer Rescue Squad came
forward and thanked the Board for allowing them time on the agenda to present their
request.
Mr. Stratton explained that their reason for meeting with the Board was to request
financial assistance in purchasing a new crash truck. Mr. Stratton explained that the new
unit would be larger than their present vehicle with an area for patient care on the unit.
Mr. Stratton continued that the new unit will cost approximately $150,000.00 and they
have already raised $75,000.00.
After further discussion, Mr. Paulette told Mr. Stratton the Board would consider their
request at budget time.
Mr. Paulette then thanked and excused Messers. Stratton and Walsh, and called on Mr.
Dale Campbell to appear before the Board.
Mr. Campbell came forward and explained he was representing Appomattox Youth
Sports.
Mr. Campbell began by thanking the Board of Supervisors for the opportunity to come
before them and present information on the Appomattox Youth Sports programs and also
the needs of the programs.
Mr. Campbell continued that Appomattox Youth Sports had more children involved in
their programs than the recreation department and school sports programs combined.
Mr. Campbell stated that some of their largest needs were more fields and facilities for
storing equipment.
In closing, Mr. Campbell stated he would appreciate the Board of Supervisors keeping
the Youth Sports Program in mind at budget time.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Campbell and called on Ms. Sharon Harrup,
STEPS, Inc. to appear before the Board.
Ms. Harrup came forward and stated her purpose for coming before the Board was to
give a report on STEPS, Inc. activities for the past year and to apprise the Board of their
plans for the future.
Ms. Harrup, gave a very informative report to the Board and then invited them to attend
the grand opening of their new facility located in Victoria, Virginia.
313|