143
Mr. Bosiger then gave a report to the other Board members of the
activities of the Joint Town/County Economic Development/Tourism Group.
After his report, Mr. Bosiger explained the committee would be meeting
with various business leaders and possibly having to travel to some
degree. He continued by requesting a sum of money be appropriated to
the committee to help with these expenses.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve a line item transfer of $1,000.00 from 1101-5804 to 8105-5504.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for any other concerns.
Mr. Torrence requested Mrs. Ferguson have Mr. Martin mow and weedeat at
the Route 620/622 Super Site and also at the Vera site.
Mr. Paulette next moved to Administrative Items. Mr. Paulette
explained the public hearing had been held on the proposed update to
the Comprehensive Plan and asked if the Board was prepared to adopt the
revised plan.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the revised
Comprehensive Plan with maps to follow. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained there were committee appointments that
needed to be made to the Youth Services Commission, CVAAA Board of
Directors and CVAAA Advisory Council.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reappoint Ben
Mawyer to the Appomattox County Youth Services Commission for a term ta
expire May 1997. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to reappoint Mr.
Moore to the CVAAA Board of Directors and Mr. Fenimore to the CVAAA
Advisory Council with terms expiring September 1999. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from the Cornerstone Baptist
Association for a formal acknowledgment to be presented, at their
annual celebration.
|
|
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
adopt the following resolution: |
WHEREAS, The Cornerstone Baptist Association, it’s 117th Annual
session; and