360
On Monday, April 17, 2006 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p. m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, after which he asked everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda: There were no items to be
added at this time.
The next item on the agenda was the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
There was no one who wished to speak.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-3):
1. 2008 Reassessment: The Committee interviewed three (3) firms to
undertake the 2008 reassessment for Appomattox County. All of the firms were
well qualified and capable of performing the task.
The committee recommends Wingate Appraisal Service be offered the contract
for the 2008 Reassessment at a price of $17.50 per parcel.
Ms. Ferguson stated that all three firms presented themselves well in the interview
process but Wingate made the best impression on the interview committee. They
seemed to understand the rural nature of Appomattox County.
Mr. Conrad stated that Mr. Wingate impressed him with their desire to take on this job
and their experience in rural areas and they seemed to have a better comprehension of
our situation.
Mr. Craft agreed with Mr. Conrad and Ms. Ferguson. He was very impressed by Mr.
Wingate’s answers to the questions presented.