650
service. They would like to apply for those funds again this year and they are asking
the localities to adopt a Resolution of Support to apply for this grant funding. The grant
is in the amount of $31,500.00. There is also $20,000.00 in matching local funds with
Appomattox County's part being $1,067.00 with the total project of $380,000.00.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to Adopt
the following resolution:
A Resolution authorizing the participation in a regional grant application for Water Supply
Planning Funds from the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality
WHEREAS, the Virginia General Assembly has mandated the development of source water supply plans
throughout the Commonwealth and the State Water Control Board has developed regulations to implement
this planning process, and
WHEREAS, based upon these regulations, Appomattox County is required to complete a water supply
plan that fulfills these regulations by November 2, 2010, and
WHEREAS, all local or regional water supply program must include a variety of elements including:
e An assessment of projected water demand in accordance with the requirements of 9 VAC 25-780-
100
e A description of water management actions in accordance with the requirements of 9 VAC 25-
800-110 and 9 VAC 780-120, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality has announced the availability of grant
funds to assist localities offset some of the costs related to the development of these plans and are
encouraging localities to submit applications for grant funds using regional water supply plans, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has recently participated in regional water supply planning with Region
2000 and neighboring jurisdictions and service authorities, and
WHEREAS, the region, through the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council, desires to secure
DEQ grant funds to help offset a portion of the cost of the plan’s development and the Virginia’s Region
2000 Local Government Council has offered to coordinate the grant process.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council is
authorized to develop an application for source water planning grant funds to offset to the extent feasible
the cost of developing said regional water supply plan, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council Executive
Director is authorized to sign the DEQ grant contract and other appropriate documents related to the
regional source water planning grant, and
BE IT FINALLY RESOLVED that County of Appomattox intends to provide up to $1,067 in matching
funds for the project for work performed to meet the requirements of the regional water supply planning
effort.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Craft next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 & 2)
1. Removal of Trees at Jamerson Memorial Library: The County
Administrator has been approached by Bonnie Tillotson concerning permission to
remove the evergreen trees located in front of the Library. Bonnie has contacted