153
22. Verizon Communications Inc. and MCI, INC. Merger: Order for Notice and
Comment concerning a proposed merger with Verizon and MCI has been
received.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter asked Mr. Barry Elder, Director, Department of Social
Services to address the Board.
Mr. Elder stated his main objective was to introduce himself to those members who are
not familiar with him in his role as the new Director of Social Services. He became
Director, as of February 1, 2005 and he is very proud to be serving the County in this
capacity.
Mr. Elder gave a brief summary of what the Department of Social Services does and the
types of services that are available to county residents through his programs. He will be
glad to meet with you whenever you have any questions or concerns.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad made some comments on working with Allied Waste/BFI in regards to the
transferring of our solid waste. Ms. Rockefellow is putting some figures together to
present to the Board as to the cost of operating the landfill. He would like to have Ms.
Rockefellow meet with the Board in order to get a clearer picture of what the costs are
in taking care of our solid waste.
He also discussed the Animal Pound and the Regional Jail concept. Since Nelson County
has dropped out of the picture, our options have drastically changed. He would like to
have Watkins Abbitt work with us on obtaining some assistance in this matter.
Mr. Armbrust commented that we have a lot of Federal mandated things and we need to
ask Mr. Abbitt for any assistance he can give us.
Also, we have been talking about the Lynchburg Water Line for months. He needs some
help in understanding this water line. He has been asked by a gentlemen who owns 69
acres on the Appomattox By-pass and wanted to have water run from the town, for
which he was willing to pay all the expenses. He wanted to construct a Horse and Bull
Riding Rink, which would also be available for flea markets, etc., and/or a ten (10)
house, housing development in the $295,000 range. Some of the comments from Town
Council was, everyone needs water. He needs someone to explain to him why, if the
Town needs water to grow, they “shide” away from a prospective revenue source as
this. He feels the Town needs to move forward and show some efforts before he would
even consider voting on the prospective water line. The townspeople cannot pay for this
water line alone, so why turn down an offer such as this one.
Mr. Craft also commented on the animal pound. There are a lot of questions regarding
why we a spending so much money on this project. He feels we need some type of
publicity to get the word to the general public. He is also getting a lot of feedback
regarding the elimination of the County Decal.