147
Mr. Wilson made some comments regarding getting some of this information to the
taxpayers in order for them to make a logical decision before a final decision is made on
this waterline.
At 7:18 p.m. motion was made to adjourn the Joint Meeting with Town Council.
Samul @. Cadte>
Samuel E. Carter —- Chairman
On Monday, May 23, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Special
Called Meeting at 7:30 p.m. at the Council Chamber of the Appomattox Town Office
located on Linden Street, Appomattox.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
At 7:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this was a Special Meeting called by Mr. Carter in order to
adopt the FY2006 Budget. Ms. Ferguson reviewed several items that were discussed at
the Budget Public Hearing on May 16, 2005.
1. There had been some discussion regarding the E-911 Center as to whether the
Sheriff's Department could be used to man the center. After talking with Sheriff
Staples it was decided that they do not have dispatch staff as some other
localities have. At the time the Compensation Board was staffing dispatch
positions, we were not able to get any of these positions. Most of these
positions were given to localities that were a part of a regional jail authority.
2. The question had also been raised about saving some money at the landfill by
transferring our trash out of the County using a private hauler. She has done
some research and we cannot just accept a proposal from any one private
hauler. If the County is considering this situation, we would have to put this out
on bid. A proposal would have to go out and bids accepted in a formal manner
and everyone would be given the opportunity to place bids. We can, however,
have anyone interested, come to a regular board meeting and present their offer