496
6. Funding to Restore Air Service between Lynchburg and Dulles: Several
meetings ago you reviewed a request from the Lynchburg Chamber of
Commerce for funding to assist with restoring air service between Lynchburg
Regional Airport and Dulles. You requested that the EDA consider this request
and they reported that they felt it was a necessary link for businesses in the
area. You then asked that we return the request to the EDA to see if any
businesses in the Appomattox area use air service and if they feel that this is
important to their business operation. Mr. Spencer has provided information on
this subject.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to donate
$3,292.00 to the Lynchburg Regional Chamber of Commerce in support of establishing
an air carrier between Lynchburg Regional Airport and Dulles International. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
7. Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Parade: We have received a letter
and application from the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival to see if you wish
to participate in the Parade this year.
Ms. Ferguson was instructed to notify the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival
Committee that the Board of Supervisors would be participating in this year’s parade. It
should also be noted that the members will be walking.
8. Ad for the “Miss Appomattox Festival 2007”: The Appomattox County
Chamber of Commerce is once again holding their annual Ms. Appomattox
pageant. They are asking if the Board would like to place an ad in the program
for the pageant.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to purchase a % page ad in the “Ms.
Appomattox Festival 2007” program in the amount of $25.00. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
Mr. Carter next asked Robert Pankey to address the Board: Mr. Pankey has requested
to meet with the Board to discuss water rates that the Town of Appomattox is charging
out of Town customers. Mr. Pankey would like the Board to negotiate with the Town on
behalf of the out of town customers.
Mr. Pankey began by thanking the Board for giving him and other residents of Walton
Place the opportunity to discuss the water rates. He asked several of the residents to
stand and give the Board their water rates.
Brenda June - $41.05 Aug. 85.96 (conusumed
less water)
Pete 12 month’s old rate $25.10 New $88.18
Ray Lawson 22.10 98.17
Larry 37.00 98.00