J03
herein, all words shall have their customary dictionary meanings" also
"the word shall is always mandatory - Initiate (according to Webster’s
Dictionary) means to begin.
Mrs. Hamilton stated she was asking the Board of Supervisors to declare
this petition out of order, according to the Zoning Code of Appomattox
County, according to section 170-6 entitled "Zoning Permits-Letter
C-item 8 of Chapter 170 of the Zoning Code of Appomattox County"
(p.17021).
In continuing, Mrs. Hamilton stated she had with her sixteen (16)
signatures of adjoining landowners and Oakville residents against this
petition. She submitted copies of the signed petition and a map showing
where each person lived. She explained that each person who signed the
petition was concerned about the effect to this village and residential
area, a business doing logging equipment repair, tractor-trailer repair
and manufacturing will have. Mrs. Hamilton stated, "We are concerned
about the added entrance and exit of traffic into the curve, a curve in
which two (2) accidents have involved deaths. One accident caused a
car to go into my house, two (2) other accidents had cars go into the
church yard. It is posted 45 MPH but no one goes 45, especially the
tractor-trailers. A trailer truck accident in that curve could do
serious damage to my house which is the oldest house in Oakville (125
years old)".
Continuing, Mrs. Hamilton stated, they are concerned about harm to the
inmediate area (Oakville) by excessive production of traffic, noise,
glare and excessive clutter (in violation of Section 170-6, Item 4-F
p.17020) .
Mrs. Hamilton does not believe this business will be operated,
designed, and maintained so as to be harmonious and appropriate with
existing or intended character of the general vicinity and that such
use will change the essential character of the area (in violation of
Section 170-6, Item 4-B, p.17020 of the Zoning Code of Appomattox.
Mrs. Hamilton is concerned that such use at the proposed location will
be hazardous or disturbing to existing or future neighborhood uses. (in
violation of Section 170-6, Item 4C, Appomattox Zoning Code). Since
there are five (5) flat level building lots in the general vicinity-
one between her and Isabel Martin, two between her and Eva Moore and
one on Ray Phelps’ land directly across from her, she feels no one will
want to build on these lots in the future with this business so close.
She also feels Mr. Wingfield is trying to locate his business as far
away from his own home as possible with little regard to anyone else.
Since he owns 35 acres, this is on the furthest acre from his planned
home.
Mrs. Hamilton feels the vehicular approaches to the property will
create an interference with traffic on the road, in violation of
Section 170-6 Section 4-C.
In continuing, Mrs. Hamilton feels the requested re-zoning and
Conditional use to not be compatible with existing zoning and uses in