(4)
(5)
(6)
38
Names selected by the committee shall be forwarded to the respective governing
body for public hearing according to a schedule to be approved by the governing
bodies. A list of proposed names shall be posted in the local newspaper for two
weeks prior to public hearing and residents shall receive notice by mail of the
public hearing affecting their road or street name. Written comments on proposed
road names may be received by the Office of Building and Housing for report
during the public hearing.
Within one month of the public hearing, the respective governing body shall vote
to approve or disapprove the proposed names. If a road name is disapproved, the
selection committee shall recommend an alternate name to present at a future
public hearing designated in the schedule approved by the governing bodies.
Within one month of this second public hearing, the governing body shall select a
name from those proposed by the selection committee.
When initial names for all roads and selected rights-of-way are approved by the
respective governing bodies, the moratorium specified in §133-2(A)(1) shall be
lifted and future proposed road names shall follow the procedure outlined in
§133-2(B). All approved names shall be added to the Appomattox County Road
Name Index to be maintained by the E-911 Coordinator. [Amended 02-22-05]
(B) Ongoing Road Naming Process
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Administration. E-911 Coordinator is hereby designated as the agent of the Board
of Supervisors and is responsible for the administration, implementation and
enforcement of this §133-2(B). The agent may delegate certain responsibilities
assigned to him to other persons and/or agents with the prior consent of the
governing body. The E-911 Coordinator may name any public or private road
(regardless of number of residences on the road) when there will clearly be three
residences in the near future. [Amended 02-22-05]
No road within Appomattox County shall be assigned a name on a subdivision
plat or otherwise until such name is registered with the agent and added to the
Appomattox County Road Name Index. The agent shall have the authority to
refuse registration of any name already in use, any name deemed confusing for
purposes of emergency response, or any name that does not follow the naming
criteria outlined in §133-3.
No street or road name currently shown on a subdivision plat filed with the
county or otherwise shall be implemented by a subdivision owner until such
name has been registered with the agent and added to the Appomattox County
Road Name Index; provided, however, that this section shall not apply to any
street or road presently constructed on which street signs have been placed prior
to the effective date of this chapter. The agent shall have the authority to refuse
registration of any name already in use, any name deemed confusing for purposes
of emergency response, or any name that does not follow the naming criteria
outlined in §133-3.
The owner of any subdivision or other development shall erect or cause to be
erected, at his expense, street signs in conformance with adopted regulations on
signage at any and all intersections within such subdivisions or development