543
application for a zoning permit provided by Section 179-6C herein. If the use as applied
for is approved by the governing body, this chapter shall be automatically amended to
include the use as a conditional use in the district so located, provided that the
requirements of Section 170-8 herein are met.
Severability
Should any portion or provision of this ordinance be held by any court to be
unconstitutional or invalid, that decision shall not affect the validity of the ordinance as a
whole, or any part of the ordinance other than the part held to be unconstitutional or
invalid.
Effective Date
This ordinance is effective upon adoption.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye, Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Request for Resolution Commending John and Reve Walsh: The Prince
George County Board of Supervisors is requesting that you consider adopting a
resolution commending John and Reve Walsh for their efforts in trying to ensure
the safety of children.
After some discussion regarding some of the things that John Walsh has been involved
with regarding child safety, etc., Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution commending John and Reve Walsh for their efforts to
ensure the safety of our children.
RESOLUTION: COMMENDATION; JOHN AND REVE WALSH’S
COMMITMENT TO THE SAFETY OF CHILDREN FOR THEIR EFFORTS IN
THE ADAM WALSH CHILD PROTECTION AND SAFETY ACT OF 2006
(HR4472)
WHEREAS, Adam Walsh, six-year-old son of John and Reve Walsh was abducted and
murdered on July 27, 1981, in Hollywood, Florida; and
WHEREAS, Since the abduction of their son, John and Reve Walsh have tirelessly
dedicated themselves to protecting children from child predators, preventing attacks on
our children, and bringing child predators to justice; and
WHEREAS, Their commitment and creation of the Center for Missing and Exploited
Children has saved the lives of numerous children; and
WHEREAS, As a result of their efforts and progress made, The Adam Walsh Child
Protection and Safety Act, HR 4472 was signed into law by President George W. Bush
on July 27, 2006;
WHEREAS, This legislation will ensure that sex offenders register, and keep current,
where they reside, work and attend school. It will create the Dru Sjodin National Sex