571
make but they make sure they are unified and in the best interest to the County. He is
proud to serve on this board with each and every one of the other members.
Mr. Carter opened the floor for nominations for the Vice-Chairman for the year of 2007.
Mr. Conrad nominates Mr. William Craft to serve as Vice-Chairman for the year of 2007,
seconded by Mr. Armbrust. Mr. Craft has done an excellent job during the past year.
Mr. Carter stated he also felt Mr. Craft has done a good job as well as the entire
membership. He feels that Mr. Craft is well suited to fill the position of Chair should the
occasion arise.
Mr. Carter called for other nominations and discussion. Hearing none, he called for a
vote on the nomination of William Craft as Vice-Chairman of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors for 2007. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Craft abstained. (4 aye - 1 abstention)
Mr. Craft thanked his fellow board members for their support and cooperation.
Mr. Carter then called for the Board Organization:
1. Rules and Procedures: During the year 2006 the Board utilized Roberts
Rules of Order Newly Revised for Small Boards and allowed the Chairman
to make and second nominations.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to continue with what the Board
has been doing and utilize Roberts Rules of Order Newly Revised for Small Boards and
to allow the Chairman to make and second nominations. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
2. Appointment of Clerk to the Board of Supervisors:
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Ms. Aileen Ferguson,
County Administrator to continue to serve as the Clerk to the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors.
Mr. Conrad stated that Ms. Ferguson was certainly qualified and is very dedicated to this
Board and to this County and will continue to do an excellent job in this capacity.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Ferguson for working with the Board and appreciation for her
motivation and dedication to the County.
Mr. Carter then called for a vote on the appointment of Ms. Ferguson as Clerk to the
Board of Supervisors for the year 2007. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Establish meeting dates, time and place: