149
Mr. Paulette then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay came forward and presented each Board members with several
handouts.
Ms. Lindsay explained the first handout was a resolution to take in
0.34 miles of Woodland Road and 0.134 of Oak Lane in Wildwood
Subdivision into the Secondary Road System. Ms. Lindsay explained that
all requirements of the State and County had been met.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add the street description below
and on the attached additions Form SR-5 (A) to the Appomattox County
Secondary Road System for maintenance the following subdivision road
which has been constructed by the subdivider as a Class "A" subdivision
in accordance with the requirements of Section 33.1-229, Code of
Virginia and the Virginia Department of Transportation Subdivision
Street requirements; TO WIT:
Wildwood Subdivision:
Woodland Road - Beginning at the existing end of State
Maintenance, .34 mile South of the intersection of
Wildwood Rd., (Rte. 1085) and running to the South
for a distance of .32 mile to a Dead End.
Oak Lane - Beginning at the intersection of Woodland Rd.
running to the Southeast for a distance of .134 mile to
a Dead End.
Total Length - .454 miles
Right of Way - 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board guarantees a minimum
unrestricted 50-foot right of way with additional widths as may be
necessary for cuts, fills and drainage together with easements on
adjacent properties.
Recorded in Plat Book 8, Pages 63 & 64, June 26, 1990.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Lindsay next explained that she had previously brought to the
Board’s attention the intention of the railroad to abandon crossing
located on Route 622. Ms. Lindsay explained the vehicle count,
requested by the Board, was complete and the number of vehicles was 13
or 14 per day. Ms. Lindsay continued by explaining the procedure for
abandoning this crossover.