29 t.
Mr. Paulette called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he continued to be concerned about the drug
situation in Appomattox County and wanted the Board to consider some form of
action to help with this problem.
Discussion followed with several alternatives being presented and discussed.
After discussion, Ms. Ferguson was instructed to invite Sheriff Staples to the
Board meeting to discuss this matter.
Mr. Paulette next presented a letter from the School Board in reference to the sale
of the Trigon Blue Cross/Blue Shield stock.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, a committee comprised of Mr.
Paulette, Ms. Ferguson, Ms. Belter, Dr. Krug, a school board member and the
auditor was formed to review the options and make a recommendation as to the
sale of the Trigon Stock.
Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a
personnel matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:04 p.m. seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolve the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 9:38 p.m. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore, the following resolution
was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened
an executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote
and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
that such executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia
Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from open