477
On Monday, August 7, 20006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center,
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA. 24522
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT:
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, after which everyone was invited to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Ms. Ferguson informed everyone present that Mr. & Mrs. Armbrust became the parents
of a baby boy, born on Friday August 4, 2006, weighing 7 Ibs. 7 0z. and 21 inches long
and named Adrian Brock Armbrust.
Mr. Carter then called for the Settingof the Agenda:
5A. Lease on Courthouse
5B. Social Services Board Appointment
5C. Comments from the Department of Justice
Mr. Carter announced that the next item on the Agenda was Citizen Public Comment
Period: This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss
issues that are of important or concern to the citizen.
No one came forward to speak at this time.
APPEARANCES:
Mr. Carter next introduced Earl Pickett, Appomattox Farm Bureau: Mr. Pickett will
speak to the Board to discuss the land use taxation.
Mr. Pickett stated that most of the counties in our area, with the exception of Charlotte
County, have already adopted Land Use Taxation. While you feel that this is necessary
if we are to keep the county on a working basis, and maintain some of our farm land
and forest area, one thing we have found at Farm Bureau is that zoning as it is used in a
lot of counties go through a buy-out. It may be zoned A-1 but the first time someone
asks to have it changed, it is changed. We feel that a Land Use Ordinance, would help