371
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to lift the County Burn Ban placed
in effect on March 21, 2006 as of this date, May 1, 2006. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Appointment to the Central Virginia Community College Board: An ad
has been placed in the Times Virginian seeking applicants to serve on the CVCC
Board. One application was received from Mr. Don F. Jimison.
Mr. Jimison is excited about being able to serve in this manner and feels that he
brings a lot of experience, in the field of education, to the table.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Mr. Don Jimison to the
Central Virginia Community College Board for a term of 4 years beginning July 1, 2006.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Request for Use of Courthouse Square & Courtland Field: The American
Legion Post No. 104 is requesting the use of Courthouse Square and Courtland
Field on May 28, 2006 for the purpose of holding a special ceremony dedicating
the Wall of Honor and their annual Memorial Day Ceremony. They would also
like to use the old courthouse porch for their podium.
Due to the size of this proposed event, it was suggested that the American Legion
provide proof of insurance, prior to holding this event on May 28, 2006.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the American Legion
Post 104 the use of Courthouse Square and Courtland Field on May 28, 2006 providing
they furnish the County with a Certificate of Insurance. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Revised Budget Schedule: The Board needs to adopt a revised schedule for
approving the budget. We also need to schedule another work session as soon
as possible so that we can advertise the date for the public hearing.
Mr. Carter suggested that the work session be held on Wednesday, May 3, 2006 at 6:30
p.m. in the old Juvenile & Domestic Relations Courtroom.
Ms. Ferguson suggested the Public Hearing for the FY 07 Proposed Budget be held on
May 22, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. at the Community Center.
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7 — 19)
7. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Board of Supervisors: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $799.60
to telephone repairs in the Board of Supervisors budge to pay bills for the month
of April 2006.