201
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Alice Rockefeller — Landfill Supervisor
William Slagle - Appomattox IDA
Wayne Lewis — Appomattox IDA
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter stated there were eleven (11) items on the Agenda for tonight's discussion.
He also suggested that they cover as many items a possible and still be able to adjourn
at a reasonable hour, around 8:00 p.m.
1. IDA — Progress Report on Concrete Plant: Bill Slagle and Wayne Lewis
gave a report on what was happening with the Lynchburg Ready Mix project and
the IDA.
Mr. Slagle stated that Mr. Lewis has been working with Fred Kruschwitz, Bobby O'Brian,
and all the parties involved and has done an excellent job.
Mr. Lewis stated that John Spencer had done a great deal of work on this project. Mr.
Lewis presented a layout of the property. The lot contains approximately 12.6 acres at
a cost of $125,000.00 which the IDA felt was a good deal for both the IDA and
Lynchburg Ready Mix. This allowed the IDA to give Martin Printwear a residual piece of
property between this lot and the Transco Pipeline. It will also provide sufficient funds
to pay for the road and utility extensions. The bids for the roads and utilities were
received last Friday as follows:
Low Bid for Roadway - $116,800.00
Utilities 28,000.00
Survey of Property 600.00
Design 6,760.00
Total Expenditures $153,000.00
Mr. Lewis feels they are about ready to have the deed signed and recorded. They also
need to work with the contractors on dates.
Mr. Carter complimented the IDA on accomplishing this project and feels it will be a
great asset to the community as having another company come into the county.
Mr. Slagle stated that the road extension will serve some additional properties, not just
the Lynchburg Ready Mix location.
Mr. Slagle also informed the Board that Region 2000 has sent us two (2) other
prospects. Site visits are expected later in the month of September. About a year ago,
he informed the Board about a company in Canada being interested in re-locating. They
are still interested and hopeful.