428
7. Atno time shall there be more than 30 breeding animals located on the subject
property.
8. There shall not be any animals located on the subject property the weight of
which exceeds 50 pounds.
9. During the entire time that any female dog is in season, that dog shall be confined
inside or within an enclosure with a fence of at least 6’ in height.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. County Vehicle Licenses Ordinance: At the June 5, 2006 meeting each
member of the Board received a copy of the proposed ordinance. This ordinance
has been revised to eliminate the installation of a decal on vehicles. A public
hearing date needs to be scheduled for this ordinance change.
Public hearing on the proposed County Vehicle Licenses Ordinance will be held at 6:00
p.m. on Wednesday, July 5, 2006 prior to the regular Board meeting.
3. Appomattox County Farm Service Agency: At the June 5, 2006 meeting
there was some discussion on the proposed closing of the FSA Office in
Appomattox. Mr. Conrad was to research this issue and report back to the
Board.
Mr. Conrad stated he and Mr. Craft went to the meeting that was held on June 5 and of
course, this was actually a public hearing. The purpose of this meeting was to give
individuals to express themselves as to whether they think this office should remain
office. At that meeting, Virginia State Executive Director, stated that nationwide since
the first Bush Administration there has been a movement to slowly weed out or cull
some of these offices that do not have as much agriculture in them and/are either not a
busy as some of the other regions are. It is costing more to run the office than the
benefits that you are actually putting out to the county. There were about 25 people
present at this meeting. The fact of the matter is, after further research, the state of
West Virginia is going to reduce their offices from 31 to 18 in the coming year. Basically
they are looking at doing the same in every state because there is just not enough
money to pay the rent for what you are getting. In one of these meetings, it was
brought up by one of the other county officers or county Board of Supervisors in
Culpepper County that in order to keep their office open it might be prudent if we could
see the possibility of them to help pay for the office. If you want to look at it that way,
you will be saying that the local government will take care of the Federal government.
When this was presented to our county, he stated he was certainly against any such
doings. We are required by law to balance our budget and revenue and it would cost
the taxpayers additional monies to keep this office open in Appomattox County. He
feels the Federal Government needs to handle their own business and the counties
should not be required to pick this up. He also stated at this meeting that if they could
keep this office open, that would be fine, but we certainly in no way, shape or form, ere
going to volunteer to cover the expenses of keeping this office open.