394
Mr. Craft wanted to know who would monitor the biosolids?
At the present time, Mr. Wingfield, E-911 Coordinator has taken on this responsibility.
Mr. Carter asked what type of biosolids would be cover by this ordinance A or B? As he
understands it, Type A is inspected 100% whereas Type B is only inspected on a
random sample. Type B is mostly what we in Appomattox County receive.
Mr. Roark stated all types of biosolids. We will have the ability to monitor any biosolids
scheduled for spreading in Appomattox County. Presently inspecting is being done on a
random basis but if time permitted, this would allow the monitor time to do more
testing.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we may end up joining with someone else in hiring a monitor
and there is some legislation afoot to try to force the Health Department to actually put
monitors on their payroll rather than leaving it up to the localities. No one locality will
recoup enough in fees to pay for a full time monitor. Mr. Wingfield has been taking on
this responsibility as he had time to allow for this but once the E-911 Center is in
operation, he will no longer have the time to take care of this.
The monitor will have 30 days after his inspection to file his report. If not filed within
this 30 day period, it will become non-reimbursable. Reimbursement will be received by
the County in approximately 50 days.
Mr. Roark next discussed the request from the Industrial Development Authority to
change their name to Economic Development Authority.
INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY:
Title of Chapter 25 and Section 25-2:
e Change the name of the organization to Economic Development Authority.
This amendment has been discussed by the IDA for a number of years and is
intended to more clearly reflect the purpose of the organization.
Mr. Spencer stated that this was a follow up to the request made to the Board several
months ago.
Mr. Roark next discussed the changes proposed for the Building Code.
BUILDIN DE:
e Amends Chapter 51 — Building Construction, Appomattox County Code to
formally adopt the Uniform Statewide Building Code (2003) and the Statewide
Fire Prevention Code (2003). This ordinance would also change the name of
the department from Office of Building and Housing to Office of Building
Inspections.