203
Courthouse Maintenance Fund. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that the cost for an additional $1,000,000.00
umbrella policy on the liability insurance would be approximately
$1800.00.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
take an additional $1,000,000.00 umbrella policy on the liability
insurance at a cost not to exceed $1,800.00. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request for support of real estate taxes
exemption for Moose Lodges in Virginia.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
write a letter supporting real estate tax exemption for Moose Lodges.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a letter from Mr. George Phipps complaining
about a zoning violation committed by his neighbor.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to write Mr. Phipps
informing him of what has been done to address this problem.
Mr. Paulette next explained the Board needed to appoint a Legislative
Contact for this Legislative Session.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Paulette was
appointed as the legislative contact for 1997.
Mr. Paulette notified the other Board members that an executive session
was necessary to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session at 9:25 p.m. to discuss a legal and personnel
matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 11:00 p.m. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and