because she felt it was detrimental to the Community. Mrs. Irby
continued by saying she felt the traffic was going to present a problen
Mr. Paulette asked for other comments on this petition. Hearing none,
he asked the Clerk to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-272 of Barbara M. Carter to rezone
property from R-1 to R-2. Property is located on Route 604 between
Route 727 and Route 719.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mrs. Cindy Bollinger came forward and stated her address as P. O. Box
126, Evergreen, Virginia. Mrs. Bollinger stated she was speaking on
behalf of her aunt, Barbara Carter. Mrs. Bollinger continued that
their request for rezoning was so that Mrs. Carter’s daughter could
place a mobile home on her property. Mrs. Bollinger explained Mrs.
Carter did not hear well and her daughter often worried when she could
not reach her mother by telephone, which resulted in trips having to be
made to check on Mrs. Carter.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to comment on this petition.
Hearing no one, Mr. Paulette asked the Clerk to read the next petition
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 95-273 of Billie Jean Baldwin for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow home occupation (Tanning Salon) within
residence. Property is located on Route 601 between Route 460 and
Route 628. Property is zoned R-1.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mrs. Debbie Ferguson came forward and gave her address as P. O. Box
115, Pamplin, Virginia. Mrs. Ferguson stated her reason for this
request was so they could offer the convenience of tanning to the
citizens of Pamplin, so they would not have to go to Appomattox or
Farmville for tanning.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette closed the public hearing at 7:38 P.M.
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on October 16, 1995 at 8:53 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District