29
Mr. Martin thanked the Board and stated it had been a pleasure working with the
citizens of Appomattox County and he feels the agency is in good hands. They have a
good Board, good leadership and a capable staff.
Mr. Carter next presented the ADMINISTATIVE ITEMS:
1, Road Viewers Appointments: Mr. Allen Torrence and Mr. Claude A. Moore
have both stated their willingness to serve as road viewers for 2005. All attempts
to read Mr. Fitch have been fruitless.
This item was tabled to give Mr. Armbrust the opportunity to recommend someoneto fill
this vacancy.
2. AWAG: AWAG is requesting the use of the Community Center on March 5, 2005
to hold their 5" anniversary celebration. They are also requesting the rental fee
be waived.
The Board, by consensus, took no action on this matter.
3. Request for Boundary Line Adjustment: A developer has requested a
boundary line adjustment for a 65.97 acre parcel that joins the Town of
Appomattox. This request is being made in order that the property may be
served by water and sewer.
Mr. Overstreet will contact the Town Attorney and report back to the Board as soon as
they can research the possibility.
4. Request from Appomattox Youth Sports, Inc.: The Appomattox Youth
Sports, Inc. has written concerning the problems with the old Appomattox
Elementary School gym and the needs that exist for gym space.
There was some discussion about the needs of this facility and the fact that funds were
not immediately available for this. We need to keep these needs in mind as we address
the study on the old AES facility.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 5-15)
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Organizational Meeting on
January 10, 2005; Joint Public Hearing on January 18, 2005: and Joint Meeting
with School Board on January 18, 2005.
Mr. Conrad made a motion seconded by Mr. Armbrust to approve the minutes with
corrections as noted. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
FUND TRANSFER: