297
Mr. Slagle informed the Board that the IDA has had some prospect visits and have one
actively under consideration. The existing businesses, Martin Printwear, has had
tremendous success; Lynchburg Ready Mix has purchased 12+ acres and they are
coming right along and they should be operational in the Spring.
Mr. Slagle also stated the Industrial Development Authority (IDA) would like to change
their name to Economic Development Authority (EDA) because Economic Development
Authority more closely represents what we are about.
Mr. Carter called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 9)
1. VDOT Resolution: VDOT is requesting that you adopt the enclosed resolution
taking Pine Crest Lane located in Country Haven Estates into the State Secondary
Road System. Country Haven Estates Homeowners Association has deposited
$35,000.00 with the County for their part of the construction cost.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the following VDOT
Resolution placing Pine Crest Lane located in Country Haven Estates into the State
Secondary Road System.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the street described below was established April 25, 1979 and
currently serves at least 3 families per mile, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation is assisting the County
to improve its current subdivision control ordinance so that it meets all necessary
requirements to qualify the county to recommend additions to the secondary system of
state highways, pursuant to §33.1-72.1, Code of Virginia, and has granted the County a
cooperative period in which to accomplish that goal, and
WHEREAS, after examining the ownership of all property abutting this street,
this Board finds that speculative interest does not exist,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Board requests the following
street be added to the secondary system of state highways, pursuant to §33.1-72.1, Code
of Virginia:
Name of Subdivision: Country Haven Estates
Name of Street: Pine Crest Lane
From: Route 750 (Chestnut Mountain Drive)
To: 0.31 mile south Route 750 to cul-de-sac
Length: 0.31 miles
Guaranteed Right-of-Way