617
area in the past few years and she has not heard any complaints about this at
all. All she ever hears is the “poor farmers” — the lower assessment on that
man’s property can be judged by his “income tax filing” figure for 2006? If he is
a “poor farmer” and needs assistance then the application should contain that.
But he may be one of those farmers who has a lot of land and works for a very
good company -— think on it.
Selling Price: How do we equate a $700 assessment value for property being
sold at $2,000, $4,000 or even $10,000 an acre?
Paid for work: While she does agree with our senior supervisor that Mr. Mays
does an exemplary job in his position as Commissioner of Revenue. She would
remind every one of you that this position requires that and nothing less would
have been acceptable to any of us. If you take a job and you don’t do it to the
best of your ability, you are soon gone. She does admire Mr. Mays for thinking
about this program for the farmers, for giving us all something to look at and
think about, but right from the get-go, it should not be a done deal.
Open Acreage: As of December 31, 2005, a report from the Commissioner's
office listed 53,276.89 acres of open land at an assessed value of $55,461,243.
The assessed value per acre was $1,041. Using the $700 assessed value
suggested by Mr. Mays, we would have a total assessed value of $37,293,683 —
a LOSS of $18,167,559 — this would have to be made up somewhere.
Neighbor: She has always tried to be a good neighbor, BUT, how many of
those directly affected by this program have been or are “good neighbors”.
Sued: The Citizens of Appomattox County remember well how the FARMERS
WERE GOOD NEIGHBORS. When “we” would not accept the “BIO-SOLIDS” so
they could have “FREE” fertilizer, they “SUED” us and received a “Quarter of a
Million Dollars”. The “GOOD” neighbors left the rest of the citizens to enjoy
“Illness”, “Allergies” and obnoxious odors.
IF-FY: Until and unless Mr. Mays or anyone else can tell “YOU” what the
ACTUAL COST will be, this is a LESSON IN FUTILITY! How can any member of
this Board pass a program without any idea of COST? That is like buying a
lottery ticket, it all depends on the numbers whether you win or loose.
Business: “Farming is a Business”! each of us, as adults, has to earn a living.
Whatever your job or occupation is, you work at it - and , if it doesn’t pay you
enough or provide the results you envisioned, ‘YOU CHANGE JOBS”. NO ONE
SHOULD DEPEND ON OTHERS TO BEAR YOUR BURDENS! FARMERS ALREADY
GET FAR MORE ‘BREAKS THAN MOST OF US”.
1. They get paid to grow some crops.
2. They get paid not to grow others.
3: Their farm vehicles are exempt from licenses, yet they can use them
within a 30 mile radius.
4. They are partially responsible for the immigration problem! The
immigrants they hire do not pay Social Security tax, Medicare/Medicaid
nor many other costs. Their medical bills are paid by “YOU AND I”.
5. Free fertilizer — while the rest of us get sicker and sicker.