151
6. National Historical Park Workshop:_ A workshop was sponsored by the Park
Service on May 18" and 19". It was a very informative program and made us
aware of the areas we need to work on for the betterment of our community. It
seems that the CEDS Committee is the perfect avenue to get the process moving
towards building a better community.
Ms. Ferguson informed the Board that several members of the CEDS Committee terms
have expired and maybe a sub-committee could be formed to look into these concerns.
6A. Wayne Phelps, Appomattox Historical Society: Mr. Phelps has informed
the Board that Red Oak Baptist Church would like to donate light fixtures that
were removed from the church for use in the old Courthouse when the
renovations are made to this building.
It was suggested that this item be tabled and re-visited at a later date.
Also, Ms. Ferguson toured the museum with Mr. Phelps and he explained some
work the Historical Society would like to have done. Most of the work involved
painting existing areas. The flooring upstairs is sagging and the ceiling in one
room needs to be raised. They would also like to install some additional wiring
in one room and use the space as an office. There are still some Circuit Court
records stored in this area and would have to be moved to anther location.
Since anyone working on the building would have to be covered by Workman’s
compensation, any electrical or structural work would require permits from the building
department and meet current building codes, it was suggested that this work should be
performed by a certified contractor. The Board would like for this to be placed out on
bids and have Ms. Ferguson check on the insurance.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 7 — 19)
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Budget Work Session on 5-5-
05; Budget Public Hearing on 5-16-05; Regular Meeting on 5-16-05 and Zoning
Public Hearing on 5-16-05.
8. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented for payment.
FUND TRANSFERS:
9. E-911 Fund: Please transfer and appropriate by consent the amount of
$15,663.13 to cover expenses incurred with the E-911 program.
10. Revenue Maximization Fund: Please transfer and appropriate by consent
$2,585.00 from the Revenue Maximization Fund to pay bills for the month of May
2005.
11. Community Park Fund: Please transfer and appropriate by consent
$11,818.65 to pay Pearson for contract work completed at the Community Park.
BONDS FUNDS: