aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next told the Board that she had spoken with Mr. James
Bohannon concerning the decision on the recycling container that is
stationed on his property. Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Bohannon
did not want to move the container. He felt the place the container
was presently located was a better spot but if it had to be moved, he
wanted to place it on the opposite side of the building towards the
back of the lot.
Discussion followed, and by consensus, the Board determined the
recycling container at Bohannon’s should be placed in the area near the
utility pole in front of the building.
Mr. Torrence then brought up the subject of the Pamplin Depot. Mr.
Torrence provided background information on this subject and explained
that the Town of Pamplin was working to try to get Norfolk Southern
Railroad to turn this property over to the Town. Mr. Torrence asked
the Board of Supervisors to adopt a resolution supporting the railroad
donating the building and property to the Town of Pamplin.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
PAMPLIN DEPOT
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors at it’s recessed
meeting on November 20, 1995, discussed the disposition of the old
Pamplin Depot; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is aware that the
Town of Pamplin has an interest in obtaining this building; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors feels there is a
great need for a community building in the Pamplin area;
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of |
Supervisors supports the Town of Pamplin’s request for Norfolk
Southern Railroad to donate the Pamplin Depot and the property it
is located on to the Town of Pamplin for community use.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
|
Mrs. Ferguson next presented information from the Chamber of Commerce
on the donations received towards the purchase of their computer
system. Mrs. Ferguson explained the Chamber had received $1,200.00 and
needed an additional $800.00.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to appropriate $800.00 to
the Chamber of Commerce to help purchase a computer system.