240
zoning petitions. Mr. Paulette continued by stating the procedure for
addressing comments.
Mr. Paulette then asked Mr. Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning Commission
to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 97-310 of H. J. Puckett for a Conditional
Use Permit to allow off premise ssign to be located: on Parcel Tax Map
#73-A-28 located on Route 460 between Route 647 and Route 689.
Property is zoned B-1.
Mr. Paulette called for comments concerning this petition.
Mrs. Pat Boyer came forward and stated she operated the Salvation Army
Thrift Store in Appomattox. Mrs. Boyer thanked the Board for their
support in the past and asked they approve their request.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Robert Boyer came forward and stated the Salvation Army Thrist
Store had been trying to attract more business. He containued that thi
by-pass had decreased their "drop-in" business considerably and he fel
a sign at Mr. Puckett’s would make people aware the store was there.
foam}
Mr. Paulette called for other conments.
Hearing none, he asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 97-311 of United States Cellular for
a Conditional Use Permit to allow 190 ft. tower on property located on
Route 741 between Route 24 (Campbell County) and Route dead end.
Property is zoned A-1 and is Tax Map Parcel 72-A-9.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Chuck Riley came forward and gave his address as 5540 Forest Road,
Roanoke, Va. Mr. Riley stated he had begun a site search in the
Concord area in March, looking for a site close to Route 460. Mr.
Riley continued that they meet all ordinance requirements and would
appreciate a favorable decision.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 97-312 of Kurt & Julie Burge and
others to rezone property from R-1 to R-2. Property is located on
Route 647 between Route 460 and Route 728 and is part of the lots shown
on Tax Map 74-A-13 thru 31.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Hearing none, and being no further petitions, Mr. Paulette declared thi
public hearing closed at 7:10 p.m.
Dl
Chairman
©