61
The proceedings of the Board, except as otherwise provided within these Rules of Procedure and applicable
State law, shall be governed by Robert’s Rules Of Order,
Newly Revised 1994 and more specifically, the provisions which pertain to conduction business for small
boards found on page 61, except that the section indicating that the minutes are accessible only to Board
members is hereby deleted.
SECTION E: ORDER OF BUSINESS
Agenda Preparation
The Clerk shall prepare the agenda for each regular meeting conforming with the agenda format approved
by the Board. Except as permitted at the discretion of the County Administrator, every item to be placed on
the agenda shall be received in the Office of the County Administrator before the close of the work day on
the Wednesday of the week prior to any regular meeting of the Board.
The agenda packages shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the Board by the close of business on the Friday
prior to the regular meeting using whatever means of delivery he deems best suitable to insure that Board
members have the agenda packages prior to the regular meeting.
Order of Business
The order of business at Board of Supervisor meetings is normally:
Welcome
a. Call to order
b. Invocation
c. Pledge of Allegiance
1. Approval of the Agenda
2. Approval of the Consent Agenda
3. Approval of the Minutes
4. Thirty minutes Citizen Comment Period at each regular meeting of the Month.
5. Public Hearings/Public Appearances
6. Action Items
7. Board Comments, Committee Reports, Requests and Recommendations
8. Appointments to Boards, Commissions and Committees
9. County Attorney Reports, Requests and Recommendations
10. County Administrator’s Reports, Requests and Recommendations
11. Pending Matters
Consent Agenda
The Consent Agenda shall consist of a listing of various items to be considered by the Board as a block or
one single item and to be approved by one vote rather than specific votes on each item.
Characteristics of items placed on the Consent Agenda are:
e Routine items that appear monthly such as departmental reports, requests for refunds, resolutions
and motions authorizing the submission of applications for grants that require no local match, or
grants for which the Board has previously approved the local match, requests for supplemental
appropriations that meet the Board’s policy
e Requests to advertise public hearings, advertising for bids and proposals, resolutions of
appreciation, proclamations and resolutions of respect and accommodation.
e — Items of a non-controversial nature that could be classified as housekeeping items of a technical,
non-policy nature, end of year department transfers, resolutions dealing with the acceptance of