212
Mr. Lawson was asked to look into this and report back to the Board.
Being nothing further for Sheriff Staples, he was excused.
Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. Wayne Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Phelps began by explaining that he felt pretty certain that the
cannon located on Route 24 at the Appomattox River would remain in the
County.
Mr. Phelps next asked the Board for permission to paint the flag poles
in the Courthouse yard.
Mr. Torrence asked if the Board could also make a decision on repairing
the cannons on the Courthouse lawn.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger that the County fund
one-half the repair for the two cannons located on the Courthouse lawn,
at a cost of $3,250.00, and authorize Wayne Phelps to take care of
having this work done. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to allow S.C.V. to
paint the flag poles located in the Courthouse Square. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further for Mr. Phelps he was thanked and excused.
Mr. Paulette next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked for an update on the soccer fields.
Mrs. Ferguson explained the status of the soccer fields.
After discussion, Mr. Carroll was directed to get with local
contractors to see what they would charge per cubic yard, to level the
three soccer fields located at the Primary School.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the June 16, 1997 public hearing.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Garet Bosiger to approve petition
#97-317 of Beverly Booker for a Conditional Use Permit to allow Antique
Gift Shop in V-1 district. Property is Tax Map Parcel #41-A-67 and is
located on Route 24 between Route 616 and Route 655. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented supplemental appropriation requests for
July 1997.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to make the
following appropriations for July 1997.