181
Appomattox Town Council had a couple of items of business for discussion prior to the
joint public meeting.
David Garrett instructed those present on how to approach the podium for delivering
their comments.
Mr. Carter then gave the Rules of Procedures for Addressing and Making Comments.
Mr. Carter stated that as part of the ongoing process, the Appomattox Town Council and
the Appomattox Board of Supervisors has solicited as part of this process, citizen
comments in regards to this very important project that is being undertaken and that is
being looked at. That is the purpose of this Citizen Comment Period. In regard to this,
we need to have some guidelines that we would like each and every speaker to follow in
order to keep this organized and a session that will be of benefit to all concerned. Those
guidelines are as follows:
1. During the comments period, citizens wishing to address the Board and the
Appomattox Town Council should clearly state their name, and address.
2. No individual citizen shall be permitted to address the Board and Town
Council for more than three (3) minutes. Three minutes is sufficient to
express ones views or have questions and answers.
Mr. Carter then introduced Mr. Bill Gillispie, part of the staff that has undertaken to
research this venture, provided feedback and data in regard to this project.
Mr. Gillispie introduced the panel that has been working on this project: Walter Hancock
formerly with Wiley & Wilson; Jeff Rogers and Gary Christie with Region 2000
Commission.
Mr. Jeff Rogers stated they have looked at what they consider to be the best feasible
alternatives for this project. The first thing he would like to talk about is what this
group should look at concerning the costs of evaluating a capitol project. Costs involved
are your operating costs: personnel, equipment and material costs. These costs will
increase over time. There are also capitol costs involved. These costs will increase
uniformly based on the amount of capitol you borrow and annualize over a course of
twenty or thirty years. Basically, we will present six alternatives. Mr. Rogers briefly
discussed each of these alternatives: Do nothing alternative — Continue to Produce
Water
Concord Waterline — Continue to Produce Water
Concord Waterline — Purchase Wholesale from Local Purveyor
Lynchburg — Mt. Athos area Waterline — Purchase Wholesale
From Local Purveyor
James River Intake — Produce water
Multi-purpose Reservoir — Produce water
These last two alternatives will require a significant amount of capitol. Plus, there are
regulatory requirements in developing a reservoir which may take ten to fifteen years or
longer. These costs were based upon the existing town’s population because once