J06
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting back to order at 8:35 P.M.
Mr. Paulette confirmed that Mr. Brian Wishneff will meet with the Board
of Supervisors on October 23, 1995 at 4:00 P.M. for a consultation
about economic development.
Mr. Paulette next presented the E-911 fact sheet for Board approval.
After review it was determined to eliminate "Basic 911" facts from the
sheet.
After further discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the question
to be asked at the polls would be as follows: "Would you be willing to
pay up to $3.00 per month on your telephone bill for E-9112?"
Mr. Paulette called for other business.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the Regional Decal Agreement.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Tommy Lawson, County Attorney, was working
on reviewing this agreement.
Mr. Paulette then called for Executive Session to discuss legal and
personnel matters.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 9:00 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:15 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile the following
resolution be adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s