39
upon the construction of any street on or after the effective date of this chapter.
Where any subdivision owner is currently required to erect street signs but has
failed to do so, the future erection of street signs shall be in conformance with
adopted regulations on signage.
(5) Changing street names. The Board of Supervisors will consider name changes as
proposed by petition of a majority.of the property owners on a named road. The
petitioners of any road name change shall also agree to accept responsibility for
one hundred percent (100%) of the cost resulting from the Board's approval of
their petition. The full payment of this cost including but not limited to GIS
mapping, signage shall be received by the county prior to the official changing
and use of the new road name. [Amended 02-22-05]
§ 133-3. Criteria.
(A)
(B)
(C)
(D)
(E)
The proposed name shall be a unique name that is clearly phonetically and
alphanumerically distinguishable from any other name in use. Use of directional prefixes
(North, Southeast, etc.) or differing suffixes (street, road, avenue, etc.) added to duplicate
street names shall not suffice to create a unique road name.
Existing street names
(1) Efforts will be taken to preserve names already in place in the Towns of
Appomattox and Pamplin, as well as streets named by developers or
neighborhood committees in the County.
(2) Where a name for a road in the County conflicts with a pre-existing name in the
Towns of Appomattox or Pamplin, the Town street name shall prevail.
(3) Where feasible, roads crossing into Appomattox County from adjacent
jurisdictions should retain the name given by the adjacent jurisdiction.
All roads within the state maintenance system shall receive names. The E-911
Coordinator may name any public or private road (regardless of number of residences on
the road) when there will clearly be three residences in the near future. [Amended 02-22-
05)
A street with one name shall serve all multifamily dwelling complexes, including
apartment complexes, townhouses and condominium developments, manufactured home
(single and doublewide) parks, and other similar uses unless the agent finds that, in the
interest of public safety, the naming of more than one street in or near the development is
warranted. [Amended 02-22-05]
Guidelines. The following guidelines shall be used in naming or renaming roads:
qd) Road names selected shall conform with the Virginia Department of
Transportation’s (VDOT) signage guidelines and regulations.
{2) Use names with historic or geographic value which are descriptive of the road.
(3) Encourage the use of one and two syllable names.