56
2. Planning Commission Recommendations from the February 22, 2005
Public Hearing: Planning Commission minutes and recommendations from
February 22, 2005.
#05-548 — Richard and Slena Tartaglia: Requesting a Conditional Use
Permit for a Home Occupation to allow the operation of a small awards and
engraving business in a proposed accessory building behind the residence they
plan to construct on Route 613 between Route 460 and Route 659. Property is
15.00 acres, zoned R-1 Residential and is a portion of Tax Map #63(A)3 and
#63(A)4.
The Planning Commission recommends approval of this petition as submitted.
Mr. Carter informed the Board that the Planning Commission and the Board of
Supervisors recently denied the petition of a resident on this same road for a similar
home occupation. R-1 is a very restrictive zoning and he feels this petition should be
denied.
After some discussion Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to deny
petition #05-548 of Richard and Slena Tartaglia for the reason that Home Occupations
are prohibited in the R-1 Residential Zoning District. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes.)
Mr. Overstreet stated he wished to make a comment about the ordinance in general. A
lot of other localities have a provision for Home Occupations, which can be in any zoning
or in certain zones. In doing this, you can limit the impact of a business by saying it has
to be confined in a building, maybe you can have only one employee or certain number
of vehicles on the property at one time. You can limit certain things and have this as a
use by-right in certain areas so you don’t have to go through the petition procedure.
This would minimize the size of the business by limiting what can and cannot be done.
If people complied with the rigid requirements, they could have the home occupations
by right.
The Board may not want to do this, but it would be something you may wish to
consider. In this way, everyone would be treated equally by the standards you set forth
in the ordinance.
#05-549 — Appomattox Anglican Church/A.R. “Chip” Padgett,
Representative: Requesting to rezone 6.19 acres located on Route 635
between Route 460 and Route 1001 from M-1 Industrial to A-1 Agricultural in
order to use the property as a church. Tax Map #76(A)158.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve
for reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare and good zoning practice
the petition of the Appomattox Anglican Church/A.R. “Chip” Padgett, Representative to
rezone 6.19 acres located on Route 635 and identified as Tax Map #76(A)158 from M-1
Industrial to A-1 Agricultural. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)