Mr. Larry Rakes came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Box 784,
Appomattox. Mr. Rakes continued by saying he was the owner of Anchor
Industrial Sales which was located in Appomattox. Mr. Rakes stated he
plans to build and operate a warehouse at this location and his hours
of operation would be from 8 AM to 5 or 6 PM. Mr. Rakes said he had
spoken with the neighbors and received no opposition.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to comment on this petition.
Hearing no further comments and being no further petitions, Mr. Moore
closed the public hearing at 7:10 P.M.-
{4 Ly WM ors.
Vice-Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on November 20, 1995 at 8:32 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Garet K. Bosiger - Supervisor Elect
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting at 8:32 p.m. and congratulated Mr.
Torrence and Mr. Carwile on their re-election and welcomed Mr. Bosiger
as Supervisor Elect.
Mr. Paulette then explained there were a few items that needed to be
acted upon and asked Mrs. Ferguson to present these items.
Mrs. Ferguson began by explaining that Mr. Carwile had declined the
recent appointments to the Region 2000 Welfare Board and the Central
Virginia Housing Consortium. She explained that Mr. Carwile felt
uncertain as to whether these appointments may constitute a conflict of
interest and therefore would prefer not to serve.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
submit the name of Garet Bosiger, Supervisor Elect, to the Central
Virginia Housing Consortium Board of Directors. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Mr.
Philip Paulette to the Region 2000 Welfare Board. Vote: Mr. Paulette,