655
On Monday, April 23, 2007, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Budget
Meeting at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center, located on
Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter stated that tonight we are here to: 1) set the tax rate and 2) adopt the
operating budget for FY2008.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board had determined the tax rate for FY2008 and they have
come up with a five cents (.05) increase in Real Estate from seventy-two cents (.72) to
seventy-seven cents (.77) per $100.00 assessed value in order to meet the operating
budget for FY2008.
Mr. Carter called for discussion. In order for the County to continue to furnish all of the
services necessary for running of the departments, and what the County has to provide
and does provide their citizens, we do not have a choice.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there were a few comments made at the Budget Public
Hearing held on April 16, 2007 from some school personnel, a few from citizens
requesting that the School's be fully funded and one citizen who did not want taxes
raised.
Mr. Craft was disappointed that we had to raise the tax rate.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to set the FY2008 tax rate at
seventy-seven cents (.77) per $100.00 assessed value on real estate. ROLL CALL VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter presented the Operating Budget for FY2008 in the amount of
$33,570,816.00.
Ms. Ferguson stated she did not put anything for the Victim/Witness Advocate Program
in the upcoming Budget. Ms. Freshwater has returned to work on a part-time basis and
there are no County funds included for this program. This is actually a wash account —
what comes in/goes out. She anticipates adding this figure to the budget unless you
instruct her different. Also, the figure for Social Services is the worst case scenario and