369
On Monday, May 1, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regularly
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center, located
off Confederate Boulevard, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation. Mr. Carter then asked everyone present to join in the Pledge of Allegiance
to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter called for the Setting of the Agenda: There were no additions at this time.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
No one had any comments at this time.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-6)
1. Appointments to the Regional Jail Committee: Two (2) members of the
Board of Supervisors need to be appointed to serve on the regional jail
committee as representatives of Appomattox County. This committee meets on
the last Wednesday of each month at 9:30 a.m. At the present time the
meetings are being held in the Amherst County Board of Supervisors meeting
room. This can be rotated if you so desire. There will also be a meeting of the
site selection committee as the need arises.
Mr. Thomas Conrad and Mr. Willie Craft were appointed to serve on the Regional Jail
Committee to represent the County of Appomattox.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations from the April 17, 2006 Public
Hearing: CUP06004 — Kenneth and Robin Wolfskill: The applicants are
requesting a conditional use permit on property located on Poorhouse Creek
Road (Route 639) between River Ridge Road (Route 627) and Morning Star Road
(Route 632) for the purpose of locating a campground on the property. Subject
properties are zoned Agricultural District, A-1 and are identified as Tax Map #79-
A-14A and 79-A-14B, totaling 15.4 acres. If granted, it would become a
Conditional Use in this zoning district and thus amend the County Zoning
Ordinance (Section 170-25).