282
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mrs. Conrad and called on Ms. Debbie
Straw to appear before the Board.
Ms. Straw came forward and explained her reason for coming before the
Board was to address some concerns she had with an article she read in
the Times-Virginian about animal control. Ms. Straw continued that sh
wanted to make the Board aware of an avenue for information about
animal laws that she felt they were unaware of. She explained that th
Virginia Confederation of Humane Societies’ had published a pamphlet o
the animal laws that she felt would be beneficial. Ms. Straw explained
that she was not convinced that a leash law was the answer for
Appomattox County at the present time except maybe in some highly
populated areas. Ms. Straw explained that stray dogs were not a
problem for her, she just called the Animal Warden and had the dog
picked up. Ms. Straw concluded that she hoped the Board would considey
the leash law strongly before implementing this ordinance.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Ms. Straw and called on Mr. Wayne
Bowman, with the State Forestry Department, to appear before the Board
Mr. Bowman introduced Mr. Dave Snyder and stated Mr. Snyder was also
going to report on forestry activities in the County.
Mr. Bowman than gave a report on State Forest Activities for the year
and then presented a check for $30,363.21 which was the County’s part
of the funds received for timber sales for the past year.
Mr. Dave Snyder thanked the Board for their time and reported on
landowners activity with the Forestry Department for FY97. Mr. Snyder
explained that last year there were very few fires in the County with
few acres lost. He commended the volunteer fire departments on their
assistance with the fires. He also stated that funding had been
approved for another dry hydrant in the County. Mr. Snyder next
invited the Board Members to the Heartland Forest Festival being held
in Farmville in September.
Mr. Paulette asked Messers Bowman and Snyder if they felt there was a
need in Appomattox County for a Gypsy Moth Coordinator.
Mr. Bowman stated he was not aware of a Gypsy Moth problem but he woul
check into this matter and get back with the Board.
Being nothing further for Messers. Bowman and Snyder, Mr. Paulette
thanked and excused them.
Mr. Paulette called Mr. Mike Lamm to appear before the Board.
Mr. Lamm came forward and stated his reason for coming before the Boar
was to ask for a reduction in a landfill fee for debris that he had
cleaned up around his house. Mr. Lamm stated his landfill charges for
SS {0- {0-
{25