506
Mr. Carter then asked for CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENTS: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance to the
citizen.
No one wished to make comments at this time.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 & 2)
1. Library Board Appointment: Due to the fact that Ms. Nina Beasley has
resigned from the Library Board, an appointment is needed from the Wreck
Island District to fill her unexpired term. Since no one responded to the
advertisement, it is recommended that Mr. Armbrust make a recommendation to
fill this vacancy.
Mr. Armbrust suggested that this item be placed on the agenda for the next meeting.
2. CVCC Roof Replacement Addendum: It has been determined that an
additional section of the roof over the 3 grade wing should be replaced. The
area is immediately adjacent to CVCC’s IT Room, causing concern that the
college’s electronic equipment could be harmed due to roof leaks. The new roof
would cover the lobby in front of the auditorium, an area with new drywall and
doors which could also be negatively impacted by leaks.
John T. Morgan Roofing & Sheet Metal Company, currently under contract to
replace the roof over the 3 grade wing and the original Carver building, has
submitted a price of $24,341 to replace this roof section. This price is similar in
square footage costs to their low bid for the other work.
Ms. Ferguson stated this was actually a change order to the original contract.
Eventually, the whole roof will have to be replaced.
Mr. Spencer stated that apparently there is a seam in the roof and this additional roofing
will take care of the roof from the Advance Auto end the whole way up and over the top
of the entire section to be used by CVCC.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to authorize J. T. Morgan to replace
the extra section of roof, for a cost not to exceed $24,341.00. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes - 1
absent)
Mr. Carter next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3 -9)
3. Approval _of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular Meeting on
September 5, 2006 and Special Called Meeting on September 12, 2006.
4. Approval of Minutes: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS: