139
Mr. Torrence made an amendment to his original motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to allow Messers. Paulette and Bosiger to negotiate with Bright |&
Associates, Inc. on part II of the RFP, and make a final decision.
Mr. Paulette stated a vote would be taken on the amendment to the
original motion. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called for a vote on the original motion. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented requests from the Treasurer and Registrar
that their expenses be paid to LGOC.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay expenses mnthe
Treasurer and Registrar to attend LGOC. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye,
Mrs. Ferguson next presented the request by Mrs. Brenda McGann for
Conditional Use Permit. Mrs. Ferguson explained the request had been
tabled until Mrs. McGann could get an easement recorded to her
property. Mrs. Ferguson explained this had been taken care of and
asked the Board to approve Ms. McGanns request.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition
96-294 of Brenda P. McGann for a Conditional Use Permit to allow mobile
home in V-1 district. Property is Tax Map Percel #41 (A) 72 and is
located on Route 24 between Route 695 and Route 616. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a quote on a maintenance contract for the
new phone system at the Sheriff’s Department.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was decided not to
sign the maintenance contract with CTE.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Appomattox Youth Association
for a donation to help pay expenses to the State Tournament for the 14
year old boys.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
transfer $500.00 from 1101-5804 to 7109-5605. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
|
Mr. Moore stated he had spoken with Mr. Clayton Martin and Mr. Martin|
has agreed to serve on the Animal Ordinance Review Committee
representing Piney Mountain District.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded 4 Mr.
Moore to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Deir
Dhiy €L. sib—
Chairfnan