523
Ms. Ferguson stated that we, the Sheriff's Department, were contacted around the first
of September and told the all of Campbell County’s medical transport costs would be
billed. Their Sheriff made some policy changes in the way he dealt with the referring of
calls that Appomattox County was unable to answer, which caused some great grief in
the Campbell County 911. We had a meeting on October 4, 2007 at the Concord
Rescue Squad and the Campbell County Public Safety Officer was present, the 911
Director, 911 Dispatcher, Supervisor Eddie Gunter of the Concord area, Ms. Ferguson,
Freddie Godsey, Sheriff Staples and Bobby Wingfield. The outcome of this meeting was
the article that will appear in the paper. The bottom line is Campbell County will
dispatch to Concord’s first call area, and those citizens will be billed for service or their
insurance providers. If Campbell County dispatches a unit to the doctor's office because
Appomattox Rescue was unable to respond, under our mutual aide agreement, then
they will also be billed. Any time Campbell County dispatches a unit to Appomattox,
that individual will be billed for services. We will also be dealing with this in the
Gladstone area as Nelson County is also going to this system.
The other thing that came out of this meeting was the Sheriff felt like he needed
assistance from now until the 911 Call Center is up and running, to dispatch these
rescue squad calls. He is asking for part-time help on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
and Friday —- 8 hours and Thursday 16 hours. Ms. Ferguson has agreed to provide
funding for this request for approximately three (3) months.
After some discussion, it was the consensus of the Board to not fund this part-time
position as requested by the Sheriff's Department.
3. Regional Reception — October 24, 2006: The Board has been invited to the
Regional Reception scheduled for October 24, 2006 at 4:30 p.m. The Regional
reception replaces the Regional Dinner that was scheduled for October 19‘. Ms.
Ferguson would like to know which Board Members plan to attend.
Mr. Craft, Mr. Conrad, Mr. Carter, Mr. Moore, Mr. Overstreet and Ms. Ferguson will be
attending the Regional Reception on October 24, 2006
4. Grant for roof of Old Courthouse: We have received notification from the
Department of Historic Preservation that the legislature has awarded us a grant
in the amount of $10,000.00 to replace the roof on the old courthouse building.
Ms. Ferguson will contact the contractor presently working on the building's roof (John
P. Morgan) to get an estimate on this work. After we find out a ball park figure, this will
have to be put out on bids.
5. Office Space needs for Commonwealth’s Attorney: Mr. Puckett has been
awarded two (2) additional positions through the Compensation Board.
Consequently, he needs two (2) additional offices, furniture and equipment.