109
Mrs. Elizabeth Dillon came forward and said she had several reasons for
opposing this petition. Her reasons were as follows: 1) Mr. Griffin
shot 100 rounds up in the air; 2) Mr. Griffin threatened anyone who
opposed him with lawsuits or getting even; 3) Mr. Griffin is full of
anger. She closed by saying she was not opposed to him as a person but!
was opposed to him selling guns in the neighborhood.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Griffin said that guns sales were only a small portion of his
business. He continued that his sales were closely monitored and his
guns were kept locked in a safe. He also stated that shooting occurred
on property located behind his property which he had no control over.
Mr. Paulette asked if there were other comments.
Mr. Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning Commission stated he had several
letters to read into the record.
May 10, 1996
Richard and Teresa Poe
Woodlawn Trail
P O Box 1087
Appomattox, VA 24522
The Appomattox County Planning Commission:
In regard to the Public Hearing on Monday May 20, 1996 concerning the
application of Charles Richard Griffin for a Conditional Use Permit for
Home Occupation (Sporting Goods Sales), we wish to make known our
opposition. Teresa and I will be in Richmond that evening, and, we
will be unable to attend this meeting.
We base our opposition on the following:
1) We would like to see the residential environment of Cedar Knolls
preserved. As it exists at this time, it is a quiet neighborhood with
little traffic. We are concerned that there will be an increase in
traffic with the addition of a business. This is important in regard
to the number of children in the neighborhood. We have three.
2) Assuming that this proposed business will involve the sale of
firearms, we feel that a residential neighborhood is not the proper
place to locate such a business. This concern is primarily one of
safety and security. Having grown up in a family retail hardware
business that sold firearms, and, knowing that that business was
burglarized on several occasions, primarily for the theft of the
firearms, I feel that there is a definite threat to the security of
other residences in Cedar Knolls. We feel that the addition of people
in this neighborhood solely for the purchase of firearms is not a
necessary or welcome addition.
Please take the above concerns into thought when considering this
application.