134
Watkins Abbitt stated he represented a loose knit business group in Appomattox who
have been meeting and trying to discuss some of the things they think will benefit our
County. He thanked the Board for their willingness to serve and for the job they do and
urged them to continue to run the County in a businesslike manner. He would like to
present two (2) things tonight: 1) the Landfill and 2) the 911 system.
He has checked with the County Administrator's office to see what the proposed landfill
costs would be per ton to bury it. If he is correct, we were around $45 to $47 per ton
when we closed this cell. Most of you are aware that Allied Waste is building a transfer
station here. They have put an offer on the table to the County of $18 per ton for the
first 400 tons and then will negotiate a price on the rest per month, per ton. He has
done some calculations on 40 tons a day- 30 days a month using figures he has been
given, the high end cost using Allied would be around $39.00 per ton — the low end is
$35.00. Allied is also willing to sign a twenty (20) year contract with the County. (This
contract would also include an inflation factor.) They are very appreciative of being
allowed to come into this County and we believe this a business decision that the Board
needs to consider. Allied is also proposing to hire all our landfill employees, so no one
will lose their job. He feels this is very generous of them. Mr. Abbitt is also concerned
about the six (6) cents increase in the proposed tax rate. Those who own commercial
property saw sky rocketing increases in their taxes during the last reassessment. They
are very concerned about bringing industry and business in without increasing taxes.
The savings that will come from using Allied will amount to about what the proposed tax
increase will bring in revenue. Several years ago we had a huge tax increase of twenty-
five (25) cents which was the largest increase for the county and from his research, the
largest of any county in Virginia.
He would propose an increase in the Personal Property Tax which has not been
increased in many years. This tax would generate revenue from everyone who owns an
automobile, not put the tax burden on Real Estate Owners. Even though this
reimbursement was frozen by the State, you can raise this tax rate.
Mr. Abbitt is also concerned about the E-911 center. He believes this facility will cost us
about $700,000. The E-911 tax brings in about $270,000 per year, leaving the Board
$430,000 to make up. You need to look at working with the Sheriffs Department and
see if they would take the running of the 911 system. The dispatchers would be paid by
the State and this would result in a major savings.
Mr. Abbitt asks the Board to look at where they are going with this tax increase as he
feels it sends a wrong message to industries and businesses that would possibly locate
in Appomattox. He hopes the Board will take a strong look at what has been presented
on the Landfill and E-911.
Bill A. Burke also expressed his thanks to the Board for what they do and he knows it
is a thankless job. He is here tonight to speak about the proposed tax increase. He is
here as a business man, a commercial property owner, a farm land owner and also a
residential property owner. He is asking that you take a hard look at a personal
property tax increase as the same people are taxed year after year on the real estate
taxes. People in rental property, do not own any real estate, but use our schools and