199
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Lindsay then presented the Board members with copies of "Board of
Supervisors Reference Manuel". Ms. Lindsay explained the reference
manual contained information of subjects Board members were frequently
questioned about.
Ms. Lindsay asked if there were questions from Board members for her.
Mr. Moore stated he had been approached by Mr. Kenny Wayne Burks
concerning the speed limit being lowered on a portion of Route 654.
Mr. Moore explained that Mr. Burks complaint was due to people ignoring
school bus stop signs and this was endangering the lives of his
children.
Ms. Lindsay explained she would look into what could be done to help
alleviate this problem.
Mr. Torrence asked Ms. Lindsay to check into the potholes, pavement
breaking up and the narrow pavement on Route 1011.
Ms. Lindsay stated she would see what could be done.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsay if center lines could be installed on
Route 608 from Concord to Oakville.
Ms. Lindsay explained that according to Federal guidelines pavement
must be a certain width before it would qualify for markings. Ms.
Lindsay explained this route may not qualify.
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Lindsay and called Mr. Paul Lee,
representative of Robinson, Farmer, Cox to appear before the Board.
Mr. Lee reviewed the County’s FY96 audit report. Mr. Lee thanked all
involved for their cooperation and explained the County had a very
successful audit with no irregularities noted.
Mr. Lee continued that the County ended the year with a fund balance of
3.4 million dollars which was an approximate increase of $6,000,000.00
over FY95. Mr. Lee stated a good rule of thumb to follow for fund
balance was 20% of total budget. Mr. Lee also stated that tax
collections were 97% of levy. Mr. Lee continued to highlight areas in
the audit report.
Mr. Lee then answered questions from Board members.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lee if he felt the County would come out just as
well with the proposed legislation doing away with personal property
taxes and increasing the sales tax.
Mr. Lee said he would have to run some figures before he could answer
that question. He continued that he would provide those figures to the
County Administrator.