(op)
Mr. Austin began by stating he did not have anything particular to
report to the Board and asked if any Board member had questions for him
Mr. Carwile asked if anything had been decided on the entrance at New
Jerusalem Church located on Route 460 at Evergreen.
Mr. Austin stated the problem that exists is that the crossover does
not line up with the church’s commercial entrance. Mr. Austin stated
that several options had been considered and that Virginia Department
of Transportation was presently continuing to work with the church on
this problem.
Mr. Torrence asked about recommendations for the entrance to the
dumpster site at Vera.
Mr. Austin stated he was not aware of this problem but he would check
with Ms. Lindsay concerning this matter.
Mr. Bosiger asked if Mr. Austin was aware of the problems with the
roadway deteriorating on Route 649.
Mr. Austin stated the severe weather had contributed to service
problems throughout the area. He also stated they were working on
repairs at Route 649 now.
Being nothing further for Mr. Austin he was excused and Mr. Paulette
called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Torrence invited Mr. Lloyd Bryant and Mrs. Maggie Whorley to join
the Board. Mr. Torrence explained that they had been reviewing the
Super Site at Vera and had some recommendations to present to the Board
for approval. Mr. Torrence continued by saying they feel the entrance
to the site closest to the old service station should be closed. He
also wanted to plant a row of white pines in front of the site and down
the sides and also construct a board fence in the front. Mr. Torrence
then asked if the Board has objections to him meeting with Charlie on
this matter.
Mr. Bryant stated this would be done at no cost to the County.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone would object to them getting with Charlie
and coming back with a final plan for Board approval.
By consensus of the Board, it was agreed for Mr. Torrence to come back
with a final plan for the Vera container site.
Mr. Bryant also explained that behind the voting precinct needed to be
reseeded and that the community would see to keeping it mowed.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Bryant and Mrs. Whorley and called
for other Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mrs. Ferguson could contact Mrs. Robinson as to
the status of their request for the private road in the Stonewall area.