132
At 7:02 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that Herb Chambers has been hired by Sheriff Staples
to work the front door at the Courthouse.
Mrs. Ferguson also gave a brief explanation of why the budget was advertised with a tax
increase. There are a couple of reasons for having to do a tax increase. There was
some confusion on the reimbursement of the Courthouse Bond. She thought everything
that has been spent thus far had been submitted for re-imbursement. However, she
has found approximately $350,000 that we need to ask reimbursement for, including
what is involved in the repairs to the back of the Courthouse. We only have $191,000
left in the Bond, therefore we have overspent. When Mrs. Belter gave her the $1.2
million figure that we could use, that was contingent upon not doing any supplemental
appropriations between now and the end of the year. In going through my expense
budget and looking at the expenses I have found almost $55,000 that needs to be
supplemented for Juvenile Detention and almost $100,000 for CSA. There is no way to
get through this. There is also $90,000 for housing inmates outside of the locality.
Social Services Budget just came in today. The good thing is there is not a huge
increase in the local money but there is a decrease in the Federal and State dollars. She
will ask that the budget be approved on May 16, 2005 because Social Service’s budget
year runs from June 1 to May 31.
The other thing she had not anticipated is that the actual debt service on the landfill,
animal pound and 911 center is going to end up being about $100,000 more than the
original estimate.
There was some discussion on the letters received regarding the School Budget.
Mr. Carter asked how the other members felt regarding off duty deputies taking their
vehicle home as opposed to having them left at the Sheriff's Department for use by
other officers. Some other localities are going to this practice.
Mr. Conrad has been asked why there is such a large expenditure for the construction of
the E911 Center and what is being done with the E911 taxes paid with the telephone
bills.
Ms. Ferguson stated that most people do not understand that this Utility Tax is being
used for the signage and the professional services involved. This is not being used for
the actual construction of the PSAP. Also, in a few years, we will probably not be able
to collect this Utility Tax.
Mr. Conrad stated he had a complaint he would like to discuss, not pertaining to the
budget.
Down on James Ford’s road, Route 641, someone who lives out that way, owns a
tractor-trailer and is driving through this neighborhood too fast. They are running
people off the road and vibrating houses. The neighbors have approached this person
and they have been ignored. Do these neighbors need to contact the Transportation
Department or the State Police? Can the Board take any action?