Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 -— 11)1. Plannin mmission Recommendations: The Conditional Use Permit forMichael Wirth for a kennel in Agricultural District (A-1) was tabled at the lastBoard of Supervisor’s meeting to wait for the County Attorney to be present priorto making a decision. This petition is enclosed for your convenience.
Mr. Craft has several concerns 1) the large number of dogs that would be there; Hethinks Mr. Wirth has addressed this issue. 2) the weight of the dogs kept; 3) the fourfoot fence is also a concern. What will be done when the female dogs come in heat andcommunity dogs attempt to jump the fence. What precautions will be taken to preventthis from happening.
Mr. Wirth stated he planned to do was Put the dogs that are in heat behind a six footfence. In separate pens from the other dogs. He can also put these dogs indoors.From what he has seen so far, his dogs bark much less than the neighborhood dogs.The dogs he will house (the Pugs) are small dogs, and the only large dogs he has arehis pets, which stay in the house and are only outside to go to the bathroom.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approvepetition CPU06005 — Michael Wirth to operate a kennel on Property located on Route600 (Swan Road) between Route 1109 (Park Street) and Business 460 (Pamplin Road),Tax Map #111A1-(A)-6 and is zoned Agricultural District, A-1 and Village Center District,V-1 (Town of Pamplin), with the following conditions:
1. The applicant shall comply with all rules and regulations concerning commercial
kennel operations in accordance with the Virginia Department of Agriculture and
Consumer Services, Office of Veterinary Services.
2. A 25’ buffer will be maintained along the southern property line. The buffer area
shall be filled with a privacy fence (minimum six (6) feet tall).
3. A 25’ buffer shall be maintained along the northern property line from the
western corner near Swan Road for approximately 100 feet east to an existing
fence line. The buffer area shall contain large evergreen trees planted five (5) feet
on center and staggered.
4. All exterior fixtures shall be arranged, directed, and shielded downward so as not
to reflect any glare outward adjoining street or properties. At no point shall the
glare from these lights exceed 0.5 — foot candle power at the property lines.
5. All outdoor runs, training areas, and pens associated with the kennel shall be set
back a minimum of 60 feet from any property line.
6. Although the term “Kennel” as defined in the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance, includes “the boarding of dogs, cats, and all small animals.. .”, this
conditional use permit does not include and specifically excludes, the right to
board animals on the subject property.