379
Amherst County Board of Supervisors to assist in outlining responsibilities with
the regional jail project.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Overstreet had re-worked the Memorandum of
Understanding. There is one typographic error under Section 3 — Authority to County
Administrator: figure amount should read $100,000.00.
Mr. Conrad commented on some of the items that were discussed at the last meeting of
Regional Jail Committee. Mr. Conrad and Mr. Craft both serve on this committee and
they will continue to keep the Board updated on things as they progress.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the Memorandum of
Understanding with Amherst County regarding the regional jail project.
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
This Memorandum of Understanding is entered into this 15 day of May, 2006
between Amherst County and Appomattox County, each political subdivisions of the
Commonwealth of Virginia. (Collectively referred to as “Counties”).
WHEREAS, the 2006 General Assembly included language in the
Appropriations Act exempting these two counties from the moratorium language
prohibiting counties and cities from requesting state funding for the construction of
regional jails; and
WHEREAS, the adoption of this language means that the counties are eligible,
subject to approval by the Board of Corrections of the need for the regional jail, for 50%
reimbursement by the State for the cost of constructing a regional jail, with the funding
by the Compensation Board of Staff for such a regional jail; and
WHEREAS, the counties feel there is a need for a regional jail, and are willing to
pursue the steps necessary to be in a position to submit an application to the Board of
Corrections for funding.
NOW, THEREFORE, it is agreed by the parties as follows:
1. Community Based Corrections Plan and Planning Study.
The two counties agree to explore the feasibility of building a regional jail to
serve them. In order to do this, Counties agree to prepare a Community Based
Corrections Plan and Planning Study. The purpose of the Community Based Corrections
Plan is to evaluate the current need for a new regional jail serving the two counties, and
to forecast growth in jail population over the next decade. The purpose of the Planning
Study is to take the forecast from the Community Based Corrections Plan and create a
preliminary design and cost estimate of the regional jail. Both of these studies are
required by the Board of Corrections in order to receive the 50% funding of a new jail.
The counties agree the studies should focus on a site for the regional jail in Amherst