669
3.8.8 A family subdivision plat shall contain the following notes:
b. This lot shall not be conveyed within five (5) years of the date of recordation to any person(s)
other than qualifying family members as enumerated in Article 1 of the Appomattox County
Subdivision Ordinance, unless otherwise approved by the Board of Supervisors.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT:
3.8.1 No previous transfer under this provision has been granted to the grantee in this county.
The grantor shall provide proof of continuous qualifying family ownership for a minimum of ten
(10) years prior to the conveyance and the grantee shall not convey the new lot within ten (10)
years of recordation to any person(sO other than qualifying family members as enumerated in
Article 1 of the Appomattox County Subdivision Ordinance, unless other approved by the Board of
Supervisors.
3.8.8 A family subdivision plat shall contain the following restrictive covenants:
b. This lot shall not be conveyed within ten (10) years of the date of recordation to any person(s)
other than qualifying family members as enumerated in Article 1 of the Appomattox County
Subdivision Ordinance, unless otherwise approved by the Board of Supervisors.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT — SUBDIVISION ORDINANCE
SECTION: 6.11 Cul de Sacs
ORIGIN OF REQUEST: Staff. Minimum lot frontage on a cul de sac was inadvertently
omitted from the new subdivision ordinance. This is a “housekeeping” matter to insert
requirement and correct an oversight.
CURRENT: Omitted from Ordinance.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT:
6.11.4 Minimum frontage for any lot fronting on a cul de sac shall be no less than twenty (25) feet. The
lot should progressively get wider and shall meet the minimum lot width for the respective zoning
district at the building setback line.
PROPOSED AMENDMENT — ZONING ORDINANCE
SECTION: _B-1 Commercial District, Section 170-47 Conditional Uses
ORIGIN OF REQUEST: Citizen Request: The Planning Commission received a request
from Carl Reeves, School Board Chairman, Cornerstone Christian Academy, to add the
use “schools” as a permitted use in the B-1 zoning district. After much deliberation, the
Planning Commission decided it was a suitable use if it is considered a conditional use in
the B-1 zoning district.
“Schools” is defined as: Institutions providing full-time instruction and including support
facilities, such as school system administrative offices, maintenance shops, storage
warehouses, vehicle storage lots, athletic fields, and playgrounds. Dancing schools,
riding academies and the like shall not be included.
CURRENT: