553
Mr. Roark stated he would not go over the entire ordinance, but would like to explain a
few things and hopefully these will help you to understand the necessity to change this
ordinance. The first thing, is WHY? The main reason is that our Comprehensive Plan
calls for it, as one of our goals and plans. The second reason is our Ordinance was a bit
out of date as things change every year and we needed to bring things in line with
what the State Code allows. Another reason is there has been some talk about the
current Ordinance not being very clear, so we will try to make it much easier to
understand. The current Ordinance was adopted in 1989 and was amended in 1993, so
a lot of changes have taken place since then.
He has provided a lot of definitions, as these provide clarity.
o The First Step in Coordinated Effort along with revision to Zoning Ordinance.
This is important because you need to understand that as we are going through
things, we have three (3) prongs going: 1). Improve the Sub-division
Ordinance; 2) in the process of tackling the Zoning Ordinance and 3) also in
2007, we will need to review our Comprehensive Plan. All of these will be
coordinated and hopefully by the end of 2007 they will all come together to
provide us with the tools necessary to deal with the growth of Appomattox
County.
There is some give and take in the Ordinance. Some people will look at certain parts
and say we are making it easier for developers and others will say it is more difficult for
developers.
The biggest changes are Impact Changes:
1. All new subdivision streets must be built to VDOT standards and turned over to
the State. i.e. No new private streets for subdivisions.
2. Exemptions to the ordinance deleted:
o 10ac. To 24.99 ac. Lots on 50’ strip no longer allowed
o Private streets for 10 ac. To 24.99 ac. Lots, max. 16 lots
3. Family Division section will provide greater flexibility and may increase the
number of divisions under this exemption; however, purpose of Code is to
promote “cohesiveness of the family”.
4. Ability to appeal and ability to be granted waivers
5 Requires extension of public water/sewer lines if within 500 feet of existing lines.
Section 6.3 “Footage on Improved Roads” needs to be corrected per Mr. Overstreet.
This is simply a clerical correction.
Mr. Roark reviewed the remainder of the outline presented to each Board Member. (see
Board File)
Following tonight's public hearing, hopefully the Planning Commission will make its
formal recommendation on this new Subdivision Ordinance. The goal is to bring this
formal recommendation back to the Board in December for action.