87
Planning Commission recommended on a 8-0 vote (Mr. Baine abstaining) to
approve the above petition.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to accept the Planning
Commission recommendation and approve Petition #05-551 — Appomattox Anglican
Church/ A. R. Padgett, Representative, Conditional Use Permit to operate a private
religious school on Route 635 between Route 460 and Route 1001. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
2. Applications for Musical or Entertainments Permits:
a) Stonewall Vineyards: Larry & Sterry Davis have applied for a permit to
hold their annual Mayfest celebration on May 14, 2005. They are also
requesting the bond fee be waived.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Entertainment
permit from Stonewall Vineyards to hold their Mayfest celebration on May 14, 2005 and
waive the bond fee. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
b) Cross Country Hunt Club: Ricky A. Mayberry is requesting an
entertainment permit on behalf of the Cross Country Hunt Club to hold
their annual turkey shoots beginning on April 2, 2005 and running
through March 26, 2006. These events will take place on Saturday’s only
from 12:30 to 6:00 P.M. Mr. Mayberry is requesting the bond fee be
waived and also that they pay a $25.00 fee for all events, instead of the
$25.00 per event.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to approve Cross Country Hunt Club’s
request to hold their annual turkey shoots from April 2, 2005 to March 26, 2006 at
12:00 noon to 6:00 p.m. Also, as in the past, waive the bond fee and pay one fee of
$25.00. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. E-911 PSAP Sole Source Procurement: Approval is needed for the sole
source procurement option for the telephones and selected Communications
Cabling for the E-911 PSAP. We have done this on other issues related to
telephone service, etc.
Mr. Overstreet explained that the Code of Virginia under Procurement Laws requires that
we put out for bid contracts such as this. There are some exceptions to having
competitive bidding — one is if there is a sole source practically available. What has
happened is, we have already put part of the system in and this additional system would
have to be compatible with it and it would be very difficult to find something that would
be compatible. We are required, when we don’t have that competition, to make a
determination in writing that there is only one source practicably available. After the
Board takes action, we are required to post this notice on our public bulletin board.