473
On Monday, July 17, 2006 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox County Planning Commission held a public hearing at 7:00 p.m. at the
Appomattox County Community Center located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT (Board of Supervisors):
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft —- Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT (Planning Commission):
Kevin O’Brien
George (Spud) Almond
Calvin Tanner
Steve Conner
Al Sears
Bryan Baine
Barry Morris
Shannon Dews
NOTE: Susan Hudson, new member not sworn in as yet and one (1) vacancy.
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. , Assistant County Administrator
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held
immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record. ‘
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting to Mr. Roark:
Mr. Roark read the first petition to be heard:
CUP06007 — Appomattox FFA Alumni Association, Evergreen Avenue, (Route
1002), Appomattox, VA. The Appomattox FFA Alumni Association/US Cellular are