19]
In the old agreement we mainly speak of Community Services Board of Central
Virginia as being our provider and it paid other agencies to come in provide some
of these services. We plugged into the agreement — “other partners”.
The agreement is used primarily now to get reimbursements for funding for pre-
placement prevention services. These are children who are identified as and in
families having children who have the potential to go into foster care. The
Federal Government believes as do the localities that it is to everyone's benefit to
try to prevent this foster care and put out some money to provide these services
in home, thus saving money for everyone. We also put in “other activities that
may qualify for Federal Reimbursement.
The By-Laws were stuck within the agreement which were cumbersome. The
Bylaws of the Board should be separate. If a change was necessary, it would
have to come back to this Board and have another ordinance amendment. The
By-Laws were made a separate document so this would not have to be done.
This document was cumbersome and hard to understand. Each Department of
Social Services in the State has an agreement with the State concerning this
reimbursement. The reimbursement to the localities comes from the Federal
Government through the State Board of Social Services. What they like is a
Regional organization to which they can funnel these funds. Every locality has
an agreement with the State — the State wants to use the agreement with the
Fiscal Agent in order to fund the money. Amherst County is the present Fiscal
Agent. The agreement had to be changed to read, so people could understand
what was being done. Also at the behest of Amherst County, the Fiscal Agent,
the language was changed so it would be understood that the Fiscal Agent does
not have any personal liability if there has to be reimbursement for the monies
paid by the Federal Government that should not have been paid. It is the duty
of the locality to re-pay these monies, not the Fiscal Agent.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone had any questions or comments.
At 6:23 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
Somub ec. Cotn
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, August 15, 2005, at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held it regularly schedule meeting in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office,
located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District