439
business or firms still have the opportunity to come here. If the IDA sees that as an
impediment to growth, then the IDA is probably better suited to address the needs.
Although the plan calls for a service department or water authority to provide for a price
for use on the self fulfilling water line, it seem to him that a 9.2 million dollar project,
divided in a 4.5 million dollar section from Campbell County and a 4.7 million dollar
section Concord to Appomattox, doesn’t take into account the infrastructure needed
within the town limits and the infrastructure necessary to get the water into the houses
that would use the water. It was stated in the newspaper that the ideal situation was
that this water authority is the means by which the infrastructure is paid for because
then it is based on a fee per use. Therefore, no tax burden is transferred to the citizens
of the county or town. The common belief was “there is water to sell, but nobody is
buying it” therefore, no one is paying for it. The cost of this project has to be settled
somehow. Given the current demographics of the town, he does not see how the town
residents can sustain this type of expense. According to the census, the average is
earning about $24,000 to $20,000 per household. When you calculate the number of
households - 778 — you are looking at about a $75,000 burden per household to carry
the expense of this project. This is unstantiable. The county overall is growing. He
does not see the need for this project. It appears that we are steam rolling ahead with
a project that is not indicated by the facts, either for economic growth or population
growth, and will cripple this county. A chief concern is the rumor he has heard from a
public employee, is that the decision has been made to move forward with this project.
Mr. Carter assured Mr. Caviello that there had been no decision made on this project.
Rumors that are circulating, the Board has no control over.
Dr. Betty Siano, Virginia Avenue, Appomattox, VA: She read in the paper last
week that there were some concerns about the young people of Appomattox moving
away, etc. As a woman of 80 years old, I tell you that her husband and her are very
secure, we have no need for money. If some of the plans that come “down the pike”
are passed without really being scrutinized, many of the young people will not come
back, they can’t afford to. She read a letter that she had received from a young man
she has been keeping informed of what was going on in Appomattox. She is so proud
of so many of her young people. :
To the Editor: Piping water from Lynchburg or Campbell County, by whatever route,
whether free or costly, was never, ever, a simple attempt to solve the “drought
problems”of Appomattox!
Wiley and Wilson (Water Study 2003) was hired to find an additional source of 2.0
million gallons per day (mgd) for the Appomattox area. They dutifully did their job.
Why so much water? The Town uses less than one eighth (1/8) this amount and little
growth was forecast.
The water study found that the least expensive source (15.4 million) would be a
reservoir 3 miles EAST of town.