198
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to continue with the
regular meeting being held on the first Monday of each month and the
third Monday of each month for the Zoning Public Hearing at 7:00ae m.,
in the Courthouse. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had special instructions for the County
Administrator.
By consensus, the Board of Supervisors thanked Mrs. Ferguson for the
job she has been doing and stated she should continue as she has in the
past.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of December 2, 1996 and the public
hearing of December 2, 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay came forward and presented the Board members with a sample
resolution, closing the Route 622 crossing, for Board approval.
After review, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Norfolk Southern Corporation requested the Virginia
Department of Transportation and the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to consider abandonment of railroad grade crossing No. DOT
467-981 K on Route 622 between Route 460 and Route 620 in Appomattox
County;
WHEREAS, a Public Hearing was held on November 4, 1996, after
public notification in accordance to Section 33.1-151 of the Code of
Virginia and written notification to adjacent property owners;
WHEREAS, no citizen or property owner expressed opposition to the
closing of the crossing at the Public Hearing;
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation and the
Appomattox Board of Supervisors have determined that the crossing is
not a public necessity and is an unprotected crossing with inadequate
approaches;
WHEREAS, Route 622 will connect to Route 620 for public access;
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that railroad grade crossing No.
DOT 467-981 K be abandoned as a public crossing and Route 622 from
Route 460 to 0.07 miles South of Route 460 be abandoned as a public
road in accordance to Section 33.1-151 of the Code of Virginia.