412
population keeps rising from the developments that come in, we have got to have tax
relief from a tax base. We can’t support tourism because you can’t get a large hotel
anywhere around here or a lot of small ones, because they are not going to depend on
well water to supply their guests. This is especially true if they have to treat water as
well as locate it. We hear a lot about developing tourism, but if we do not have the
water, it will be just like it is now. People come in, spend a couple of hours, and then
go someplace else. You have to have a place for them to stay, if you want them to stay
in the county or the town but without water, you will not have this. Tourism and
industry are going to suffer if we don’t get a reliable supply of clean water, and as a
result of that, all the residents will suffer from higher tax requirements on their real
estate. This is why we need to have water, the well situation has already been
explained. It is not adequate for future growth.
Mr. Slagle said that Mr. Conner and Mr. Nash had already discussed specific situations
with BWXT and asked Mr. Spencer to comment on Region 2000 and what our
experience has been developing good prospects for the industrial park.
Mr. Spencer began by stating that the way things work is a lot of prospects began at the
State level. Some will start at the regional level. Either way, requirements are set forth
by the prospect — this is what we need in order to set up shop — this much land, this
area building, this much water. There are so many pharmaceutical and food processing
type industries that are out there that we cannot even put our name in the hat for,
because we don’t come close to meeting their requirements in millions of gallons a day
or more. There are also a lot of plastic and other type of manufacturers that are heavy
water users that we would have difficulty meeting their requirements. Basically, if you
do not meet the requirements up front, you don’t get to submit your name because
there are so many other localities out there that have the requirements already at hand.
They have the water lines in the ground, the sewerage plan has enough capacity, etc.
and they have enough places to choose from without having to listen to promises from
localities like Appomattox — we will build this line, if you come. He was asked earlier by
one of the IDA members “How many of those type of businesses have we had to pass
on?” The answer was a least a dozen. But there were probably more than that, where
we could not even submit anything on because we do not come close to meeting just
the water requirements.
Mr. Conrad: It was interesting to note and he has said this before that he has talked to
people here that have been strictly against this waterline but he again would like to say
that he has a good friend that owns Alleghany Wood Products. It is probably one of the
largest wood producers in the country. He sees this friend frequently and they spend a
lot of time together. Since being elected to the Board of Supervisors, one of the things
he has mentioned to Tom is “tell me about your county, tell me about business”. He
stated that since we do not have a public water system, he would not even be
interested in locating here, and that until we do get a public water system, we are going
to limit ourselves to the competitive nature as far as our growth goes and that ironically
those that will suffer the most, will be the constituents within the county and the
current tax payers. People do not see that, they are looking at short term and we need
to think on long term as well as short term now. Incidentally, he has no interest in
locating here as he has his plate full at it is.