563
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Disposal_of Surplus Real Estate: On November 27, 2006 the Board
scheduled a public hearing for December 18, 2006 at 6:00 p.m. to receive public
comments on disposal of a lot that was donated to the Community Park. We
have been unable to get the necessary paperwork together to move forward with
the public hearing at this time.
Recommendation is that this public hearing be scheduled for January 16, 2007 at
6:00 p.m. to receive public comments on this matter.
Consensus was to hold a public hearing for the disposal of surplus real estate at 6:00
p.m. on January 16, 2007 at the Appomattox County Community Center.
8. Economic Development_ Authority Appointments: The terms of two
members of the EDA will expire on December 31, 2006 — Cecil Wooldridge and
Winfred Nash. Mr. Nash has expressed his willingness to serve for another term.
Mr. Wooldridge, however, does not wish to be reappointed. Earlier in the year,
we advertised for anyone who wished to serve on any committees, boards, or
commissions to please contact the County Administrator’s Office. Only one letter
of interest was received — Ronnie Spiggle.
Recommendation is that Ronnie Spiggle be appointed to serve on the EDA for a
term of four years expiring December 31, 2010. Staff also recommends that
Winfred Nash be reappointed for another four year term to expire on December
31, 2010.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to appoint Mr. Ronnie Spiggle to
serve on the Economic Development Authority for a four year term beginning January 1,
2007 and expiring on December 31, 2010. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Craft made a motion seconded by Mr. Conrad, to re-appoint Mr. Winfred Nash to
another term on the Economic Development Authority to expire December 31, 2010.
Also, Mr. Wooldridge should be presented a Proclamation for his service on the
EDA.
Proclamation in Recognition of Service of
CECIL WOOLDRIDGE
As a Member of the Economic Development Authority of
Appomattox County
WHEREAS, the Economic Development Authority of Appomattox County is
responsible for coordinating the economic development activities of Appomattox
County; and