021
Mr. Austin explained that he would draft a resolution for final
approval of the Six-Year-Plan to be submitted to the Board at the
January 1996 meeting.
Mr. Austin then asked if any Board member had questions for Mr. Austin.
Mr. Carwile began by providing copies of Code of Virginia Section
33.41-1. Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Austin if he were familiar with this
Code Section and if this would apply to State Route 622.
Mr. Austin stated he was not familiar with this code section but would
review and return to the Board at a later meeting.
Mr. Torrence asked the status of the speed limit change on Route 24 at
Vera.
Mr. Austin stated the field study had been completed but the report had
not been issued, to date.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone had further questions for Mr. Austin.
Being no further questions, Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Austin for his
time.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Ricky Baldwin, with the Pamplin Volunteer
Fire Department, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Baldwin began by giving a brief background report on their tanker
accident and the status of the repairs to the vehicle. Mr. Baldwin
then explained that the fire department had decided to upgrade this
truck to pumper status at an additional cost of $25,000.00 and asked if
the Board of Supervisors would fund this additional money.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile t
appropriate $8,865.00 per year, for three years, with the first paymen
being made July 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
_O.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Baldwin and called on Mr. Franklin
Vaughan, President of the Chamber of Commerce, to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Vaughan began by thanking the Board for allowing him time to give
brief report on Chamber Activities for the past few months.
w
Mr. Vaughan gave a report to the Board explaining what the Chamber has
been doing and also the activities of the visitor’s center. Mr.
Vaughan continued by asking the Board to continue forward with plans tc
extend infrastructure to an industrial site and encouraged the Board to
hire someone to handle Economic Development and Tourism. Mr. Vaughan
then introduced Mr. Brett Thompson, Chairman of the recently formed
Marketing Committee and explained that Mr. Thompson would report on the
progress of the marketing plan.