649
Mr. Roark stated that most of the surrounding counties at some point had to exempt
lots. Over the last 10 to 15 years all of the surrounding counties have gotten rid of that
provision with the exception of Bedford County which has 20 acre exemption rule. This
is one of the things that we may want to look at and see about changing and line
ourselves up with the surrounding counties.
Mary Beth Knight stated she is presently living in her grandmother’s house. She is
employed by the DMV on an hourly basis, with no benefits. It would really be very nice
to have a house that she can call her own and her son could have his own room. She
does completely understand where the Board is coming from but she is doing the best
she can with what she has. Her family really needs to have a home of their own.
Mr. Moore stated he did not understand why something like this has to come under the
Subdivision Ordinance. This is one person, a member of a family, and if his daughter
wanted to build a house on the backside of his property and wanted to use the road
that is there now, why should he not be able to do this — it is not a sub-division. He
does not see this as a sub-division.
Mr. Armbrust thinks we need to look at the Sub-division Ordinance and what we do for
one, we do for all. He likes the 20 acre exemption that some of the other counties have
adopted.
Mr. Knight stated it was not like they were making any money of this transfer. The
deed would have a restriction clause to the effect that this lot cannot be sold outside of
the family.
Mr. Conrad says — let’s change the acreage requirement.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to grant the waiver for the acreage
requirement allowing Emmitt and Deborah Knight to transfer a two-acre lot from a 25
acre plat to their daughter for the purpose of building a house. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
APPEARANCES:
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Craft called Mr. Gary Christie to address the Board.
Gary Christie, Executive Director for Region 2000 Local Government Council:
Mr. Christie has requested a time on the agenda to discuss the region participating in a
grant program through DEQ. Each locality will have to agree to participate.
Mr. Christie invited everyone to join them on Thursday night, April 19, at Spring House
Restaurant for the annual meeting of the Local Government Council.
Mr. Christie stated that there are 12 jurisdictions working together on a Water Supply
Planning Project. In 2006 they applied for a grant from the Department of
Environmental Quality and received a little grant that helped them to plan the process of
how they wanted to go about the water planning for the 12 jurisdictions that they