028
Mr. Thompson gave a progress report on the status of the marketing
plan. He continued by stating that three (3) of the Marketing
Committee members had attended a training session in Richmond, the
previous week to help develop an ad campaign for our particular budget
and needs. Mr. Thompson also informed the Board that the ad agency
advised us to become involved in as many regional efforts as possible.
Being nothing further for Mr. Vaughan and Mr. Thompson, they were
thanked and excused.
Mr. Paulette next called on Mr. Wayne Childs, a representative from one
of Eddie Gunter’s Subdivision’s located off Route 669.
Mr. Childs began by explaining his reason for coming before the Board
was to request a road into their subdivision. Mr. Childs continued by
giving background information on what they had done over the years to
have their road taken into the State system.
Mr. Childs then asked the Board for any assistance they could provide
towards helping them put their road in.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to contact Ms. Lindsay
to see what can be done to help the property owners in this subdivision,
Mr. Paulette then thanked and excused Mr. Childs and called for
Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile reminded the other Board members that the organizational
meeting in January fell on a holiday, therefore, the meeting would
automatically fall on the following day.
By consensus of the Board it was decided to meet in the Courthouse at
7:00 P.M. on January 2, 1996.
Mr. Carwile reminded the Board that they had discussed, at a previous
meeting, the use of chipped tires in drainfields, in place of stone.
Mr. Carwile stated that other states were giving end users of the
recycled product $30.00 per ton as an incentive to continue using this
recycled product.
A lengthy discussion followed. After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was
directed to obtain information on end user fees and bring back to the
Board at a later date.
Mr. Carwile next presented Mrs. Ferguson with a card from a local
contractor and suggested he be contacted and given an opportunity to
bid on the Courthouse Square building repairs.
Mr. Moore reported that in the last landfill inspection, we had been
written up for stray dogs at the landfill and requested that some
action be taken to eliminate the problem.
Mr. Torrence next gave an update on the Pamplin Train Station
situation. Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to check to see if the