110
background with maintenance and construction work. He is concerned about the
portion of Route 630 from the entrance of the proposed plant to Route 460, developing
pot holes, bad shoulders, etc. He is also concerned about security lights shining on his
home, especially in the winter months when there is little foliage on the trees. Please
do not misunderstand him, he is not against businesses coming in, however, he is
asking that you not put this concrete plant in his front yard.
Ms. Barbara McLaughlin, Route 676, Evergreen, Va.: Ms. McLaughlin states she lives
within % miles of the proposed location for this concrete plant. As the crow flies, she is
only about 1500 yards. She has a health concern — she suffers from asthmatic bronchitis
and she is afraid that the dust and other air pollutants will add to the problems she
already has. She is also concerned about the traffic entering Route 460 from Route 630.
If the Industrial Park would not consider this business, why should it be placed here in a
residential neighborhood.
Mr. Kent Hodges, Route 1, Box 744, Appomattox, VA.: Mr. Hodges is opposed to the
approval of this petition. Mr. Hodges is concerned about the adverse effects this plant
will have on his mother and father who have lived in the neighborhood for 35 years. It
would depend on which way the wind was blowing, if they would be able to open a
window or even hang clothes on the line. He feels the neighbors were done wrong
when the property was rezoned previously but Mr. Rakes has done what he said he
would do by not putting anything there that would take away from their property. Now
he is trying to sell this property to Lynchburg Ready Mix for a cement factory. He feels
there are certain areas in the county that need to be looked at — some of the areas that
were zoned one way years ago, need to be looked at again and maybe rezoned. Today,
he visited the Lynchburg Ready Mix plant in Amherst where they have a state-of-the-art
facility, he also took pictures, it was not a pretty sight. He does not feel the Planning
Commission should approve this petition.
Mr. Gordon Staples, P. O. Box 96, Evergreen, VA.: Mr. Staples stated he owns 2 acres
of land on the corner of Route 460 and Route 630. At present, there are no buildings
on this land because they have not decided what to do with it. However, they are
concerned about the cement plant. His home is approximately 1600 feet from the
proposed plant. He is concerned about property values, both for himself and his
neighbors. He has toured two Lynchburg Ready Mix plants and they have a pile of sand,
a pile of stone, and silos of cement. There is also stuff deposited on the ground from
trucks that are not emptied. He is concerned about the number of trucks entering and
exiting this facility. He asks that you consider putting this plant in the Industrial Park or
some other place.
Mike Gaydos, P.O.Box 34, Evergreen, Va.: Mr. Gaydos stated he will not be as effected
as the other neighbors as he lives up the hill. He is retired and relocated here last year.
He has seen what big business can do. He believes in a man making a living. He moved
here for the fresh air, the quiet neighborhood, country atmosphere and he would like to
see things stay as it is.
John Davids, resides at the intersection of Route 630 and 676. Mr. Davids stated he
likes Mr. Rakes and thinks he is a fine person. However, he doesn’t feel the proposed