466
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7A.
7B.
I urth Ins) ion an Hearing:
Ms. Ferguson stated that on July 13", there was a court hearing scheduled for
11:00 a.m. on closing the courthouse case. Prior to the hearing, she and John
Spencer met with Chuck Raye, State Architect, and Ford Stevens, Attorney for
the State, to look at the back exterior wall of the courthouse to make sure the
improvements that were mandated had been done. They were very satisfied
with everything done to this point. They found five items that need to be taken
are of: Both doors on the rear of the building need to have striker plates
installed; the four foot door needs to have the proper door handle assembly
installed; the four foot door assembly needs to be closed in properly, needs
mortar and caulking around the door assembly to seal between the assembly
and existing wall- must use fire rated materials; want both doors painted and
install some type of protection for the framing material around the four foot
door. We informed them that we did not see any problems in taking care of
these items and it should take about a couple of weeks.
At the hearing it was reported to Judge Poston the individual items that were
mentioned, and all went well during the hearing. The bottom line is that we
promised to take care of the above mentioned items and to notify Lee Byrd, the
County’s attorney on this case, when they have been completed. The attorneys
will then draw up order to close the case. Judge Poston wants it stated in the
order that Appomattox County may not connect the two building without prior
approval from the Circuit Court Judge. Once the letter has been sent, stating
that these items have been corrected, the Order will be drafted and hopefully
that case will be closed out.
irl t Ti mmunity Park:
As the Board will remember, the Girl Scouts in conjunction with some of the
other organizations around town, some years ago, raised funds to put a Disc Golf
Course at the Community Park. Once again, they are working on a project and
we have received the following letter:
"Girl Scout Troop 2026 has been active for eleven (11) years and we are now working on
our Gold Award. The Gold Award is the highest achievement that can be earned in Girl
Scouts. This means we have completed all of the preliminary requirements and are now
planning our final Gold Award project. Our Gold Award requires a project that will
benefit the community. Also, each Girl Scout participant must complete a minimum of
sixty-five (65) service hours including planning time, in order to fulfill the requirements of
the project. Along with benefiting the community, it will also provide our troop with
leadership skills and a sense of accomplishment. Many members of our community have
been focusing on the sports area of the new recreational park. We felt, after much
discussion, that a playground would be a wonderful addition and we believe that it is
something our troop could accomplish. Our troop is planning to fund-raise and build as
much as possible with the money we raise. We have spoken to Anne Dixon about the
requirements and regulations for the playground. We, Troop 2026, are also willing to
present this project to the County Board of Supervisors. In conclusion, Troop 2026