165
Mr. Paulette next presented the bids for the five (5) personal
computers the County was considering purchasing.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the bid
from Virtual Horizons, Inc. in the amount of $10,414.33 and transfer
funds from 1101-5804 to 1201-7001 to pay for these computers. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked for a resolution of support for the Spout
Spring Ruritan Club and their bingo operation.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
SPOUT SPRING RURITAN CLUB
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth of Virginia has formed a Charitable
Gaming Commission; and
WHEREAS, the Commission has established certain fees and required
forms; and
WHEREAS, Spout Spring Ruritan Club holds bingo games in Appomattox
County; and
WHEREAS, Spout Spring Ruritan Club operates these games with
volunteer members; and
WHEREAS, Spout Spring Ruritan Club makes generous donations
annually to the Youth Association, Volunteer Fire Departments, and
Rescue Squads and numerous other groups throughout the County; and
0:WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes thé
valuable service provided the citizens of Appomattox County by Spout
Spring Ruritan Club.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors encourages the Charitable Gaming Commission to review and
decrease it’s required fees which takes funds from the citizens of
Appomattox County and consider reducing the enormous amount of paper
work involved in the record keeping process.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented Planning Commission recommendations from
the September 16, 1996 public hearing.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
approve petition number 96-299 of Clarence Woody and Others to rezone
property from R-1 to R-2 provided the rezoning does not affect Mr.
Kennon’s existing used car sales operation, junkyard operation or
insurance sales business. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.