271
desires to secure DEQ grant funds to help offset the cost of the scope of work
development.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors authorizes Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council to develop an
application for source water planning grant funds and to perform a feasibility study and
to develop a scope of work for a regional source water supply which will meet mandated
regulations and provide long range perspective on the needs and opportunities of the
region's future water supply, and
IT IS RESOLVED, that the County Administrator is authorized to sign appropriate
documents related to the source water planning grant and the regional source water
supply plan on behalf of Appomattox County, and
IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED, that Appomattox County intends to provide up to
$588.00 in matching funds for the project if the grant is awarded.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye vote)
4A. _ Certificate of Appreciation: Ms. Barbara Mayberry will be retiring from the
County on December 30, 2005 with 13 years of service. Ms. Mayberry has been
employed in a custodial position since October, 1992. A retirement reception will
be held on Friday, December 30, 2005 at 2:00 p.m. at the Office of the County
Administrator. Everyone is invited to attend.
4B. VDOT Resolution — Six Year Plan and Secondary Road Improvements:
A public hearing was held on the VDOT 6-Year Plan and Secondary Road
Improvements.
Mr. Carter stated that this has been the subject of discussion for several months. He
feels this plan meets with everyone’s expectations.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Six-Year Plan and
Secondary Road Improvements as prepared by Virginia Department of Transportation
and adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS , the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County and the Virginia
Department of Transportation held a Public Hearing on December 19""2005, in
accordance with Section 33.1-70.01 of the Code of Virginia at which time the proposed
Six-Year Plan for Secondary Road Improvements for 2006-07 through 2011-12 was
presented by Donald L. Austin, Sr., Residency Administrator for the Virginia Department
of Transportation, and
WHEREAS, the proposed list for the 2006-07 Secondary Road Construction Budget was
also presented for consideration.