557
Ms. Jillian Mitchel — Ms. Mitchel gave a report on happenings at the Old Courthouse.They currently have over 60 students enrolled in either drama, dance, martial arts ormusic. In the past three (3) months they have presented three (3) successful
performances. They plan to present the musical “Annie” in January, 2007.
The other thing she wished to discuss is the Courthouse roof. She stated the unknown
is much worse than the reality. She read:a report that the Board unanimously rejected
a proposal to repair the courthouse roof. After examination of the roof, she has
discovered that one of the metal seams has separated. There has to be a really hard,
blowing rain for the roof to leak. The main leak is right above the new wooden stage
that was installed. According to her contractor, it would cost approximately $500 to
$1000 to repair the roof. She feels this needs to be taken care of immediately.
Ms. Velma Johnson — Ms. Johnson is speaking for the citizens who live on Route 685.
They would like to have some road improvements done. The school bus has to come to
the intersection of Route 647, turn around to pick up about eight kids, who have to walk
to the intersection to catch the bus, because the road is not suitable for the bus. They
would like the Board to contact VDOT about repairs to this road.
APPEARANCES:
Bobby Wingfield, E911 Coordinator: Mr. Wingfield will be bringing the Board up to
date on the progress of the E911 center and answering any questions that you may
have.
Mr. Wingfield thanked the Board for all of their support. They began training new
employees today and this training will continue through January. Hopefully things will
be up and running at the end of January, 2007. They have had a lot of equipment put
in place. We have met the Verizon threshold of 95% as we are currently at 99%,
Ms. Ferguson encouraged the Board Members to go by the E-911 Center and meet the
new dispatchers. During their training period they will all be working from 8:00 to 4:30.
Mr. Wingfield stated that some of the surrounding localities will be assisting us in getting
our dispatchers trained and ready to assume their duties.
Mr. Carter next moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 - 12)
1. VDOT Resolution: VDOT Resolution dealing with our attempt to get state
Route 613 reclassified as a Rural Major Collector route for your approval.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to
approve the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Route 613, Police Tower Road, between Route 460 and Route 660 in Appomattox County,
currently has a functional classification as a Rural Minor Collector route, and
WHEREAS, significant subdivision growth has and continues to occur along this section of Route 613, with
a significant increase in future growth and land development being anticipated, and