78
Mr. Spencer called for comments in favor of this petition.
Ms. Tana S. Painter, of Route 3, Box 207, Appomattox, Va. stated she is requesting this
Conditional Use Permit for an automobile repair garage. The hours of operation would
be from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday thru Friday. This business would be operated
as a supplemental income.
Mr. Craft asked Ms. Painter about the number of cars they would be working on at any
given time.
Ms. Painter replied this would be a small auto repair shop, having 4 or 5 cars at one
time and none would remain on the property for longer than 30 days.
Mr. Spencer called for further comments.
Mr. David Schrock, Route 3, Box 206, Appomattox, Va stated he is opposed to this
request for a number of reasons. One reason is noise — the sound of air wrenches, the
banging of tools, engines being revered up and added traffic; chemical pollution; scenic
pollution. Another reason is the possibility of chemical pollution in the form of oil,
antifreeze and Freon. There is always the possibility of these chemicals polluting ground
water. He is not aware of any environmental impact study that has been done with the
proposed zoning change. Also, the residential area will be harmed by the sight of
automobiles in need of repair and the collection of discarded automobile parts. He is
also, no sure that another auto repair garage is needed in the County. He also feels the
granting of this request will be detrimental to the value of the surrounding property as
well as disturbing the quiet, relaxing atmosphere of those residing in the area.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone else wished to speak on this petition, hearing none, he
presented the next petition.
Petition #05-551 — Appomattox Anglican Church/A. R. “Chip” Padgett,
Representative: Request for a Conditional Use Permit to allow the operation of a
private religious school on Route 635 between Route 460 and Route 1001. Subject
property, Tax Map #76(A) 158, is 6.19 acres in size and was rezoned on March 7, 2005
to A-1 Agricultural District.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Mr. A. R. “Chip” Padgett, Route 3, Box 387, Appomattox. Mr. Padgett began by stating
that a month ago he came before the Board and Planning Commission requesting this
property be rezoned from M-1 to A-1 and at that time he stated their future plans were
for a church school. He did not know at that time, how near in the future that would
be. Due to overwhelming interest and support we have been asked to proceed with the
Conditional Use Permit so we can hopefully open this school in September, 2005.
Mr. Spencer called for additional comments.