126
On Monday, May 2, 2005 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its regularly
scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office
located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There are a couple of changes to be made under Administrative Items:
Item #5 — Language change to reflect May 16" in lieu of May 9".
Change time from 6:30 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. and
Change place to Appomattox Town Office instead of Old J & D Courtroom.
Item #5A - Language should read “Change Due Date on Real Estate Taxes from June
5" to June 25".
There were also two (2) items to be added:
Item #19 — Supervisor Concerns
Item #20 — Set up tentative budget meeting
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comments: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizen.
Ms. Darlene Reed stated she is appearing as a concerned citizen. She would like to talk
about the old Appomattox Elementary School. This school has a lot of history and she is
asking that the Board reconsider what the Carver-Price Alumni Association has asked
regarding the additional rooms. In order for the history to be told, they have so much
information that comes from all the surrounding counties, history that is not found in the
history books. In order to provide this history, they need this additional space.
Having no one else to address the Board, Mr. Carter moved into the next item on the
agenda.
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 7)
1. Zoning Petitions: Recommendations from the Planning Commission regarding
petition heard at the Public Hearing held on April 18, 2005: