218
Mr. Paulette stated he felt the issues that are constantly coming
before the Board for conditional use or variance need to be look at for
change.
Mr. Carwile would like to look at all conditional uses in A-1 to see if
they are necessary. Mr. Carwile also felt the Route 460 Corridor
should be zoned B-1 or M-1.
Mr. Paulette called for executive session to discuss a personal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session at 9:08 p.m. to discuss a personnel matter. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to Be session at 9:52 p.m. Vote: par
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger, seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette on behalf of the Board of Supervisors, thanked Tina Carter
for her job performance as landfill supervisor and complimented her on
a job well done.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to recess until the work session on March 1, 1997. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Llp a ft
Chairman