030
The following names were submitted: Stonewall District - Gary Turner
and Glenn Doss; Cloverhill District - Bob McClenny, Berk Drinkard and
Tommy O’Brien; Southside District - George Morris or Jim Nolen.
Mrs. Ferguson was directed to contact these citizens to see if they
were willing to serve if appointed and then submit names to the judge
for appointment.
Mr. Paulette next explained that the Comprehensive Plan for Appomattox
County needed to be approved by January 1, 1996.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to make
this decision after the public hearing on December 18, 1995.
Mr. Paulette next explained that the County’s insurance was up for
renewal and the Board needed to set a date to review the proposals
prior to December 31, 1995.
After discussion, the Board decided to meet on December 28, 1995 at
12:00 noon in the School Board Conference Room to decide on insurance
carrier for the next three (3) years.
Next, Mr. Paulette presented an application for Bingo and Raffle Permi
for Spout Spring Ruritan Club.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a Bingo
and Raffle Permit for 1996 for the Spout Spring Ruritan Club. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that Mrs. Ferguson had presented several
additional bids on work to the Courthouse complex buildings.
After discussion, this matter was continued until the January 1996
meeting.
Mr. Paulette brought the Boards attention to an agreement drafted by
William Hefty, Attorney, concerning juvenile detention. Mr. Paulette
explained this was for information only, at this time, but the Board
would be asked to make a decision on this at a later date.
Mr. Torrence told the other Board members that he felt the Board shoul
appropriate $200.00 to donate to the rescue squad for their Christmas
meal.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile t
appropriate $200.00 to the Appomattox County Rescue Squad for their
Christmas dinner. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further administrative items, Mr. Paulette explained that an
executive session was needed to review some legal matters.
Oz