204
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for action from the executive session.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
Sheriff’s Deparment New Personnel Policy by agreeing to pay for unused
sick leave up to $2,500.00 for an employee, upon retirement. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented the only bid received on the "Route 648 Super
Site" from W. Frank Moore.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
accept W. Frank Moore’s bid for the Route 648 Super Site, as amended,
in the amount of $40,378.67. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Health Department for
approximately $6,000.00 to purchase a new dental chair.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board the request was denied.
Mr. Paulette then presented tentative plans for office relocation to
the old Health Department Building for Board of Supervisors approval.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve plans for office relocation to the old Health Department.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request from Mr. Monroe Dyess, Oakville
Ruritan Club, for the Board to allow a monument to be placed in
Courthouse Square in memory of ALL veterans.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the concept of placing
a memorial for ALL veterans in Courthouse Square was acceptable, but
prior to approval the Board would like details as to proposed location
and monument design.