210
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. and asked Mr.
Moore to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Several corrections were noted.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of January 6, 1997 as corrected: joint
work session of January 13, 1997; a special. meeting of January 14,
1997; a recessed meeting of January 21, 1997; and a joint meeting of
January 6, 1997. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next introduced Mr. Andy Carroll, the new Assistant County
Administrator, and welcomed him to the staff.
Mr. Paulette then called on Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident
Engineer, VDOT, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Austin began by explaining that Route 666 would be reopened by
replacing the bridge with a low water pipe structure.
Mr. Austin next provided some information on SB1077 and explained that
he did not feel this would help us at the present.
Mr. Torrence asked the status of Frog Bottom in Pamplin City.
Mr. Austin explained the utility cables will need to be moved prior to
beginning construction.
Mrs. Ferguson explained the property owners were willing to donate the
right of way but could not financially afford to pay to have utility
cables moved.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
request utilities be moved by the utility companies at no expense bo
the property owners. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further for Mr. Austin he was thanked and excused.