77
to 5:00 p.m. each day. They will employ 4 to 5 persons. They will maintain two (2)
ready-mix trucks at the facility, a front-end loader and a dump-truck for hauling stone
and sand. They will maintain a clean, efficient operation, they feel will be suited to be in
the community and be a part of the community. They are good cooperate citizens.
They will also maintain buffers around the facility.
Mr. Jesse Rosser, Route 6, Box 1415, Appomattox County stated he was opposed to the
concrete plant. If a ready-mix concrete facility is needed, it is absurd that it cannot be
located in the Industrial Park. He feels that this is why the park was developed. They
should not have so many restrictions that anyone interested would be discouraged and
have to go somewhere else. It seems the park would be tailor made for a facility such
as this. He hopes there will be a reconsideration of this issue. This would be a new
facility from the ground up. What about water, sewer and trash. He also questions if
there will be enough land for this endeavor. He wishes to go on record as being
opposed to this petition.
Ms. Kay Kessler, Route 2, Box 118, Appomattox came forward and stated she too is
opposed to this petition. She lives directly across from the proposed plant. She thinks
even with a state of the art plant there will still be huge loss to her property value.
There is already a propane tank on the property creating a lot of traffic with trucks
coming in. There is also some problems with tankers running on her property entering
and exiting the property in questions. There is going to be dust, noise and it will hurt
the value of all the surrounding property. She also stated that the industrial park was
built for a purpose and doesn’t believe it was built for just the one business that is there
now.
Ms. Dorothy Wooten, 320 Countryside Drive, Appomattox came forward. Ms. Wooten
said that as a property owner in the vicinity she would like to go on record as opposing
the granting this petition. She does not believe it would be in the best interest of the
Town and certainly not in the best interest of those who reside in the area. She does
not feel this should be placed at the entrance to the Town, the Community Center or the
Ball Park. Surely a more suitable location could be found that would not detract from
this neighborhood.
Frank Wooldridge, Route 2, Box 42, Appomattox was next to speak. He, too, is opposed
to the building of this facility at this location. He has heard about all the good thing that
this will do, but no one has come forth with the outcome of the bad things this will do.
There is always two sides to every situation. He is concerned about the increase in
traffic and the decrease in property values.
Mr. Spencer asked if there were any further comments, hearing none, he presented the
next petition.
Petition #05-550 — Tana S. Painter: The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use
Permit for a Home Occupation to allow the operation of an automobile repair garage in a
25 ft. by 36 ft. accessory building to be built on Route 684 between Route 616 and the
terminus of Route 684. The property is 33.28 acres in size, Tax Map #21(3)4 and is
zoned A-1 Agricultural.