190
Regular Scheduled Meeting
6:30 p.m.
Town Council Chambers
At 7:23 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
At 6:15 p.m. on Monday, August 15, 2005, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Public Hearing on the Memorandum of Understanding with Central Virginia
Community Services at the Appomattox Town Office located on Linden Street.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
ABSENT: Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr., Assistant County Attorney
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Overstreet to give a brief overview of this document.
Mr. Overstreet stated that this agreement is one of these multi-jurisdictional agreements
between the members of the local planning district commission and the main purpose is
to try to maximize the reimbursements from the Federal Government for Title IV E
money. The Community Services Board is the organization that is headquartered in
Lynchburg that provides these services for the localities and has been operating under a
Memorandum of Understanding since December 2002. Before he became County
Attorney in 2003, he was asked by the Board to look at re-drafting the agreement
making some changes which he did and he has a summary of the changes. He will go
over these changes since this document was already in existence and is just being
amended. This Public Hearing is being held by Ordinance because the Code of Virginia
requires that any agreements like this among localities needs to have an Ordinance in
order to establish the agreements.
The Changes are as follows:
The name is being changed from Revenue Maximization Board to Central
Virginia Resource Management and Development Initiative Board.