123
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County, Virginia:
That it hereby elects to begin to contribute so as to reach a level ta
fully fund the cost of living increases over a five year period
beginning on July 1, 1997.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board of Supervisors next discussed House Bill 901 which allows anj
VRS member with at least 25 years of service to purchase up to 36
months of credit for active military service or service rendered in th
retirement plan of another state.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion to allow employees the
opportunity to buy back service credit as defined by House Bill 901.
Mr. Paulette called for a second to Mr. Torrence’s motion.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette stated the motion died for lack of a second
The consensus of the Board was for Mrs. Ferguson to gather more
information on House Bill 901.
Mr. Paulette next presented appropriation request from Pamplin City
Volunteer Fire Department, Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Magistrate,
Civil Process Server, Circuit Court, Board of Supervisors, Law Library
Fund and School Board.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate
$550.80 to donate to Prospect Fire Department for the use of a vehicle
while Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department vehicle was out of service.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $573.01
to Appomattox Rescue Squad for additional Two-For-Life funds received.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $147.0
to 2130. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate a
total of $1,724.00 to 2107. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate
$436.00 to 2101 for Compensation of jurors. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
t:
cc