314
Mr. Paulette thanked Ms. Harrup for her report and excused her.
Mr. Paulette next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated he had previously mentioned to the Board a possible alternate cover
for the landfill and also the possible need for a baler to bale solid waste. Mr. Carwile
asked that the Board direct the County Administrator or Assistant County Administrator
to get with the County engineer to see if these suggestions are workable.
Mr. Paulette called for other concerns.
Mr. Torrence stated he has a great concern for the families that are the most affected by
the proposed Route 634 improvement project.
Mr. Torrence then made a motion to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
Whereas, the Virginia Department of Transportation in advertising improvements on
Route 634 (0.986 miles from Highway 460) did not inform the public of the following:
_. That the right-of-way would be increased from 30ft. to 65 ft.
2. That the additional right-of-way would be “Purchased” right-of —way instead of the
normal “Donated” right-of-way.
3. That the phone lines would be moved from the present West side of 634 to the East
side of 634 taking an additional 10 ft. of right-of-way.
4. That the new improvements would take approximately one tenth of an acre of the
front yard of Gene and Betty Baldwin whose lot measures only 0.68 acres.
5. That the Baldwin’s would also have a large drainage ditch created thru their front
yard.
6. That the proposed right-of-way for the road plus the phone line would come within
4 ft. of the well and 50 ft. from the front of the home of Ralph and Stella Carter.
And whereas, the landowners across the road from the Baldwin’s, namely, Westvaco,
Betsy Carter, and Mable Slagle, (no homes involved), were never contacted about selling
additional land that, if secured, would have still met Road Curve Standards.
Be it resolved that the 634 plans be adjusted to ease the unnecessary devastation to the
homes of Gene and Betty Baldwin as well as Ralph and Stella Carter by doing the
following;