270
Mr. Conrad commented that we will benefit in more ways than one by leasing this
facility to CVCC because once this satellite campus takes off, then interest will be
generated in the rest of the building.
Mr. Moore stated he is very happy to see this facility being renovated and utilized. We
should all feel good about getting something done with this building.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve Phase 1A of the CVCC
Satellite project. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Water Supply Planning Grant: DEQ has announced the application process
for the $300,000.00 available this year for water supply planning projects.
Applications for up to $50,000.00 are due by January 6, 2006. The Local
Government Council is planning to file an application for the region and needs a
resolution passed by the Board agreeing to participate in the process.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the
following resolution and participation in the grant.
WHEREAS, the Virginia General Assembly has mandated the development of source
water supply plans throughout the Commonwealth and the State Water Control Board
has developed regulations to implement this planning process, and
WHEREAS, based upon these regulations Appomattox County is required to complete a
water study plan that fulfills the regulations by November 2, 2010, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality has announced the
availability ofgrant funds to assist localities offset some of the costs related to the
development of these plans and are encouraging localities to submit applications for
grant funds using regional water supply plans, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia’s Region 2000 Local Government Council has offered to
coordinate a planning study to examine the feasibility of the development of a regional
water supply plan, develop a scope of work for such a project and seek grant funds from
DEQ to offset the cost of this review, and
WHEREAS, regional water supply planning is a sensible approach to developing a
water supply plan since watershed boundaries do not follow political boundaries and
since there will likely be cost savings to all jurisdictions participating, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Region 2000 Local Government Council has previously
managed the development of successful regional plans and is a logical entity to organize
and manage a regional water supply planning process, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County desires to participate in a regional water supply plan
feasibility study that will develop a scope of work for a regional water supply plan and