279
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, after which, everyone was invited to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were no items to be added.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comments: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizen.
There was no one who wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter next called for the next item on the agenda.
Reed Johnson, Appomattox Courthouse NHP: Mr. Johnson has requested to
appear before the Board and the Planning Commission to discuss traffic calming and the
proposed pedestrian/bike trail along Route 24.
Mr. Johnson provided each Board Member with a copy of the following letter which he
read:
January 17, 2006
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
P.O. Box 863
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Dear Board Members:
By way of this letter, the National Park Service is seeking your endorsement through a
formal resolution in support of the proposed traffic calming and pedestrian trail concept
for State Route 24 as it passes through Appomattox Court House National Historical
Park. As you make your determination, please carefully consider the following:
Under the Historic Preservation Act of 1972; the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA); as well as Department of Interior and National Park Service guidelines for
national historical sites, a bike trail is considered an inherently “recreational” facility
which does not contribute to visitor understanding or the protection of historic features
and can only be approved if it does not disturb or intrude upon those features. As such,
the only possible location for a trail would be along a previously disturbed or impacted
area, i.e. State Route 24.