642
8. Sheriff's Department: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$312.69 to 3102-1002 Regular Overtime in the Sheriff's budget for
reimbursement received for officer working security at the Middle School.
Please appropriate by consent and supplement $189.90 to 3102-1002 Part-time
Salaries and $15.66 to 3102-2001 FICA in the Sheriff’s Budget for reimbursement
received from the Federal Government.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the Consent Agenda
as presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 ayes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 9 & 10)
9. Animal Pound Inspection: We have received the report on the latest
inspection by the State for the Animal Pound.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Josh Hackett has just completed his two (2) week
training period and is officially qualified.
10. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of Board of
Directors meeting of the Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District held on
February 22, 2007.
Mr. Carter then called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Armbrust: Announced that Clayton Bryant is scheduled to have a horse show this
weekend. There are approximately 150 participants.
Mr. Carter: He received a telephone call over the weekend from one of his
constituents inquiring about the moving of the Museum of the Confederacy from
Richmond to Appomattox. This person has also written to Virgil Goode and asked for his
support of this move. Mr. Goode would be glad to do this if he has a resolution from the
Town or County but presently he does not.
Mr. Spencer gave a report on the latest meeting of this committee. Basically, from what
he can understand the Museum of the Confederacy has issued a request or proposal
from any interested locality. There has been a proposal submitted from the community
and it is something of a wait and see attitude to see how many requests/proposals they
received. They will have to determine who meets the criteria and who does not. Then
they will select which ones they will make a personal visit to. The group working on this
request has made contact with the Board members of the Museum and has seemingly
done a lot of the right things but not all, and has submitted a proposal.
Ms. Ferguson will write a letter to Congressman Virgil Goode, asking him to support our
efforts to relocate this Museum to Appomattox.
Mr. Carter called for a brief recess.