220
Dispatch Console operator positions will be integrated with 911 as required. The total
bid price for Motorola with Elecom installation is $171,330.59. There were two (2) other
Proposals received and Elecom was the low bid.
Also, in order to continue to receive Homeland Security grant funds Appomattox County
must adopt the National Incident Management System (NIMS) for its disaster and
emergency management processes as well as daily operations protocol. At present,
Bobby Wingfield and Freddy Godsey are taking the NIMS training. The County
Administrator is asking that you adopt the enclosed resolution adopting the NIMS
disaster and emergency management processes and daily operations protocol.
Mr. Wingfield asked if anyone had any questions regarding the Motorola statement of
work. Also, the NIMS is something that every County in the Commonwealth will have to
adopt to receive Homeland funds. It is an ongoing process that not only involves the
County governments , but also the Volunteer Fire and Rescue operations and well as law
enforcement.
There was a question regarding the agreement with Motorola on the equipment. Mr.
Wingfield explained that Mr. Overstreet has this agreement for review and we will also
receive our first year maintenance at no charge. We will have a maintenance
agreement as well as a software agreement.
Mr. Wingfield also informed the Board that Libby Ashby has been hired at the E-911
Supervisor and started in this position today.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to accept the
Contract for the Motorola MCC 5500 Dispatch Console system with Elecom at a cost of
$171,330.59. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Craft then made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following
Resolution for the Adoption of the National Incident Management System (NIMS):
RESOLUTION FOR THE ADOPTION OF
THE NATIONAL INCIDENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia, does hereby
find as follows:
WHEREAS, The President in Homeland Security Directive (HSPD)-5, directed the
Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to develop and administer a National
Incident Management System (NIMS), which would provide a consistent nationwide
approach for Federal, State and local governments to work together more effectively and
efficiently to prevent, prepare for, respond to and recover from domestic incidents,
regardless of cause, size or complexity;