651
the Town and David Garrett has agreed to assist them in removal of the trees.
Ms. Ferguson has asked for a written request detailing what they propose and
explained that she would make the request to the Board for permission for them
to proceed. Ms. Ferguson has also spoken with Barry Morris, Librarian, and he
stated that the Library Board is in favor of removing the trees in order to provide
a view of the Library from the street.
Mr. Craft stated he felt the trees are too large for the building and tend to block the
view of the Library.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to grant permission for the
removal of the evergreen trees located in front of the Library. They would like to see
some type of foliage be planted after these evergreens are removed. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. (4 aye votes- 1
absent)
2. Appomattox Baptist Association: Rev. Mitchell Luckie, Director of the
Appomattox Baptist Association is requesting that you waive building permit fees
for numerous projects that a group of young people will undertake this summer
for missions.
Staff recommends approving the request. This does not mean that building
permits will not be issued nor does it mean that inspections will not be made.
Mr. Overstreet, County Attorney, stated that he hated to be the bearer of “bad news”,
but he is under the opinion that the Code of Virginia sets out organizations to which the
Board can make gifts. This is paramount to a “gift”. They have to be non-secretarian.
Therefore, the Board does not have the authority to grant this waiver of building permit
fees for the Appomattox Baptist Association.
2A. CVCC Phase 2 Design Proposal
There was no discussion on this issue.
Mr. Craft next called for action on the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3 — 6)
3. Approval of minutes for Budget Work Session on March 26, 2007; Budget Work
Session on March 29, 2007 and Regular meeting on April 2, 2007.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
4. Reassessment: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $101.88 to
1210-5203 in the Reassessment budget for overpayment of telephone bills.
5. Treasurer: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $8,420.00 to 1213-
3010 in the Treasurer’s budget for DMV fees collected. These are pass through
fund.
6. Library: Please appropriate by consent and supplement $848.82 to Library
budget to the following items:
7301-5401 Office Supplies $411.69