157
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does guarantee a minimum unrestricted
Jifty (50) foot right of way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills and
drainage, together with easements on adjoining properties.
Recorded in Deed Book 130, Page 89 and Deed Book 244, Page 209, on June 12, 2000,
in the Appomattox County Clerk's Office.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes, 1 absent)
2. E-911 Communications Center Change Order: Change Order in the
amount of $986.70 has been received for the E-911 Communications Center for
the installing of new duct work. When the contractor began work, it was
determined that the existing duct work was in need of replacing and new
galvanized steel duct work should be installed.
Mr. Moore had questions regarding exactly what the problem was with the present duct
work. After an explanation by Mr. Wingfield, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by
Mr. Craft, to approve the change order in the amount of $986.70 for replacing the duct
work in the E-911 Communications Center. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter called for a short recess before the Public Hearing scheduled for 7:00 p.m.
At 7:14 p.m. Mr. Cater reconvened the Board Meeting and continued with the
Administrative Items.
3. Retiree Health Insurance Policy Change: The School System has been
working on a change in the Health Insurance Policy for Early Retiree’s. Due to
the fact that we are on a joint health insurance plan, we need to be consistent
with how we treat our retiree’s.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the
following enrollment requirements for the Appomattox County Early Retiree Health
Insurance program:
Retiree Health Insurance
Effective October 1, 2005
1. Must have 15 years of service with the Virginia Retirement
System at the time of retirement and be at least 50 years
old, unless they are an early retiree due to disability.
2. Must have health insurance coverage with the County at
the time of retirement.
3. Must have been employed with Appomattox County for
a minimum of 10 years.
4. Eligibility ends at age 65, Medicare eligible, or failure to