101
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to donate the old
radio tower to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette explained that effective January 1, 1996 any employee witt
a commercial drivers license is required to be randomly tested for
drugs and alcohol. Mr. Paulette continued that in order to implement
this policy, an addition to the personnel policy is required.
=]
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
adopt the following amendment to the County Personnel Policy:
AMENDMENTS
APPOMATTOX COUNTY PERSONNEL POLICY
DRUG AND ALCOHOL TESTING FOR CDL DRIVERS
The County shall implement a drug and alcohol testing program for
employees who are required to hold a commercial driver’s license (CDL)
by U.S. Department of Transportation Regulations, who perform
safety-sensitive functions as required by federal and state law
regulations.
Prohibited Conduct:
Drivers shall be prohibited from alcohol possession and/or use on the
job, use during the four hours before performing safety-sensitive
functions, having prohibited concentrations of alcohol in their systems
while on duty or performing safety-sensitive functions, exhibiting
behavior/appearance characteristic of alcohol misuse, and use during
eight hours following an accident or until after she/he undergoes a
post-accident alcohol test, whichever occurs first.
No driver shall report for duty or remain on duty requiring the
performance of safety-sensitive functions when the drive uses any
controlled substances except when the use is pursuant to the
instructions of a physician who has advised the driver that the
substance does not adversely affect his ability to safely operate a
motor vehicle.
Required Testing
Drivers shall be subject to pre-employment/pre-duty drug testing,
reasonable suspicion alcohol and drug testing, random alcohol and drug
testing, post-accident alcohol and drug testing, return-to-duty and
follow-up alcohol and drug testing pursuant to procedures set out in
the federal regulations. Pursuant to state law, drivers shall be
subject to pre-employment alcohol testing. Any employee who refuses to
submit to a post-accident, random, reasonable suspicion or follow up
test shall not perform or continue to perform safety-sensitive
functions.
Notification