023
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fra
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Upon returning to regular session Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Mr. Torrence to extend Walter Carson’s sick leave for 30 days,
considering his dedication and service to the County. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mrs. Ferguson could check the Supervisor pay in
surrounding counties and see if Appomattox should not adjust their pay
at this time.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette checked the Supervisor’s Manual and it
was determined that Supervisors pay can only be adjusted "before July 1
of the year in which at least one-half of the supervisors are to be
elected, the current board, by a recorded vote of a majority present,
sets the maximum annual compensation. This limit becomes effective on
January 1 of the following year. Except under certain alternative
forms of government, which prescribe the maximum salary for the board
chairman, the board of supervisors may fix the chairman’s and
vice-chairman’s salary at a level above the limits set for other board
members. The salary of an incumbent supervisor may not increase during
his or her term of office. This restriction does not apply, however,
when the supervisors are elected annually for staggered terms or if thi
maximum limits are found to be erroneous and are subsequently
corrected."
0
Being no further business, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until 3:30 p.m., November 21, 1995 in the School Board
Conference Room. ,
Chairman
A recessed meeting and work session was held on November 22, 1995 at
3:30 p.m. in the School Board Conference Room, North Court Street,
Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Russell H. Moore, Vice-Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Absent:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District