O75
for the balance of FY96 and all of FY97. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented Phillip Kershner for the position of
Maintenance Assistant.
By consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to offer Mr.
Kershner the position of Maintenance Assistant beginning at a annual
salary of $12,480.00.
Mr. Moore presented a request for $5,181.35 from the Solid Waste
Administrator for reseeding of approximately 15 acres at the landfill.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to have Mr. Peterson
have soil samples analyzed to see what was recommended to be used for
seeding, liming, etc.
Mr. Paulette also read a memo from Mr. Peterson concerning the recent
landfill inspection. Mr. Peterson stated he would have received 100%
if 15 points had not been deducted for too many dogs roaming around the
landfill.
A lengthy discussion followed concerning the dog problem at the
landfill and how best to address this problem.
Mr. Paulette next called for a motion to enter into executive session
to discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into executive
session at 9:50 p.m. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:00 P.M. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedon
of Information Act; and
S
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the