014
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the same
holiday schedule as State employees. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next directed the Board’s attention to petitions from
citizens in the Stonewall and Piney Mountain area’s requesting a
container site.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Paulette presented request for resolutions from Clarke County Board
of Supervisors and Augusta County Board of Supervisors.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Dr. Charles W. Curry will enter his third full term on the
Augusta County Board of Supervisors, January 1, 1996; and
WHEREAS, Charles W. Curry has been elected by his peers twice to hold
the office of Chairman; and
WHEREAS, in his eight years on the Augusta County Board of Supervisors,
Charles W. Curry has served on an extremely wide range of Board
appointments to various boards and commissions during his tenure on the
Board of Supervisors; and
WHEREAS, prior to his election to the Board of Supervisors, Charles W.
Curry served for eight years on the Augusta County School Board; and
WHEREAS, since 1992, Charles W. Curry has represented region five on
the Virginia Association of Counties Board of Directors; and
WHEREAS, Charles W. Curry has served on various VACo steering
committees and is currently Chairman of the Transportation Steering
Committee and a member of the Resolutions Committee; and
WHEREAS, Charles W. Curry is a farmer, an educator, and extremely
active in youth activities, such as the 4-H program; and
WHEREAS, Charles W. Curry has expressed an interest and desire to
continue his service with the Virginia Association of Counties by
seeking the office of Second Vice President;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED at the meeting on November 6, 1995, the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors unanimously support and
recommend to all counties in the Commonwealth the election of Charles
W. Curry as the Virginia Association of Counties Second Vice President;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors choose to extend their enthusiastic support of Charles