331
Mr. Overstreet was asked if he saw any legal ramifications. He stated that he agreed
with Ms. Ferguson that we did not contract in the first place. Someone came and asked
us for money to help with this project. The point we need to consider is whether the
firm has acted reasonably under the circumstances. If this was something they had to
do anyway and just misjudged it at the beginning, I think this is something to consider
rather that if they went off in the wrong direction and had to re-group.
Ms. Ferguson stated they did not go in the wrong direction, the scope of the project was
just much larger than they had anticipated. They do all of Campbell County’s work and
they had the concept that they knew everything from Rustburg to Concord and all they
had to do was add that last little leg but when they got into it, they recognized that it
was a lot more involved. We either agree to pay this $2,500.00 or not.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the expenditure of the
additional $2,500.00 to Draper Aden. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, nay, Mr.
Conrad, nay, Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye and 2 nay
votes)
5. Rural Transportation Planning Grant: Johnnie Roark has presented an
explanation concerning some planning funds that are available through VDOT to
complete a Route 460 Corridor Study. This is something that is very important
to the County as we continue to grow. Approximate cost to the County is
$8,000.00.
Mr. Roark stated the $8,000.00 would not have to be expended at this time. We are
basically guaranteeing that this money will be available if the grant is awarded. These
funds will be due and payable when the actual work is done in July, 2006 thru March or
April, 2007.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to put $8,000.00 in the FY07 budget
to cover the cost of participating in a Route 460 Corridor Study. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
6. Hiking/Biking Trail: Some citizens are concerned that the Board at its last
meeting on February 21“ is not in support of the plans to build a hiking/biking
trail connecting the Town to the National Park. The Board needs to clarify their
position on this issue.
Mr. Craft stated he is not against the hiking/biking trail, however, he is against the
reducing of the speed limit to 45 mph on Route 24. He feels that if other counties can
have a hiking/biking trail along with a 55 mph speed limit, why do we need to reduce
the speed limit at the National Historical Park.
Mr. Conrad stated that he had received some calls questioning why the Board would
deny this hiking/biking trail. Again, he would like to state he is not against the
hiking/biking trail, just the reduction in the speed limit on Route 24. This will not
become a reality for approximately another five to ten years and funds have not been