384
16. Appomattox County Public Schools: Financial Report for April 2006.
17. Holiday Lake 4-H Education Center: Spring 2006 bulletin on activities at the
Holiday Lake 4-H Educational Center.
18. Certifications for Lonnie Hamlett: Lonnie has completed and passed the
Virginia Fire Marshall Academy, Inspector 1031 course and also, the Certified
Inspector Examination-Level 1 for inspection of Amusement rides. Lonnie is a
real asset to the County and has taken on his job with enthusiasm.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad stated he had questioned previously that when Lynchburg Ready Mix
vacated the property on Route 460 West they would take down the silo and also the
building on this property. We had the business across the road remove his old junked
vehicles and he feels we still need to push to have this property cleaned up.
Ms. Ferguson asked that John Spencer address this issue as he has had several
conversations with Lynchburg Ready Mix on this subject.
Mr. Spencer stated he has talked with them several time regarding this site. He had
been informed by Mr. O’Brien that the property would be cleaned up and will be
marketed. Basically, in his words, the building would be left as.is and everything else
would be cleaned up. He wanted things to look as good as possible in order to market
this property. The one tower that had been laying out there for quite a while has been
erected at the new property site.
Mr. Armbrust asked if they could be held accountable for what was said in the initial
conversations.
Mr. Overstreet stated this would have to be in the action of the Board when you
approve a Conditional Use Permit. When you take action on a petition, it is usually
based on the Planning Commission’s recommendation. The Planning Commission
usually has a list of items that they require and we should, in the future, be sure that
any concerns be placed in the original recommendation. If not, it should be included in
the Board’s motion and added to the Planning Commission’s recommendation.
Mr. Spencer continued to report on his last discussion with Mr. O’Brien.
Mr. Conrad also expressed a need for a Rescue Squad in Pamplin. This is something
we really need to look into.
Mr. Armbrust commented on the ball fields at the Community Park. He originally
questioned the need for this but after seeing the children enjoying this facility he is very
please with the results.