§ 133-9.
42
b. Address markers shall be installed outside of the Virginia Department of
Transportation’s maintained right-of-way, but ideally no more than three
feet inside the property line.
c. Sign blades shall be installed perpendicular to the road centerline.
d. When more than one structure requires the placement of an address
marker at a shared access point, the signs shall be installed with the
lowest number closest to the right-of-way line and subsequent numbers
placed in a co-linear fashion.
Removal of Other Numbers. It shall be the duty of the property owner or
property manager, upon affixing the address number, to remove any different
number which might be mistaken for or confused with, the number assigned to
that property by the E-911 Coordinator.
Procedure.
A. Assignment of New Numbers. Structure numbers shall be assigned to each residence
upon submission of a building permit application. No certificate of occupancy shall be
issued for any principle building until the E-911 Coordinator has supplied the official
structure numbers to the Building Inspections Department. Temporary structure
numbers, including road name, shall be displayed by the building permit applicant on the
site during the construction phases to facilitate inspections and delivery of emergency
services prior to occupancy.
B. No Certificate of Occupancy shall be issued until the structure number has been posted
according to the provisions of this Article.
§133-10. Enforcement.
A. Modifications, Applicability and Enforcement
1. Modification and Adjustments. In applying the guidelines specified herein, the E-
911 Coordinator shall have the authority to make minor adjustments and
modifications to ensure a logical and efficient road address system.
Applicability. The provisions of this Ordinance shall be applicable in all areas of
Appomattox County.
Violations. Whenever the E-911 Coordinator has reason to believe there has been
or there exists a violation of this Ordinance, the County shall give written notice
of such violation to the person or organization failing to comply, and order said
person or organization to take corrective measures within thirty (30) calendar
days from the date that notification is sent by first class mail to the address on file
at the Commissioner of Revenue’s office. If such person fails to comply with the
duly issued order, the County shall initiate necessary actions to terminate the
violation through criminal or civil measures. Any violation of this ordinance shall
constitute a Class 4 misdemeanor. Subsequent to the thirty (30) day period
following notification of violation, each day of the violation shall constitute a