218
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the
following supplemental appropriations:
$312.50 to Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District
$564.00 to Animal Control
$10,461.09 for Joan Chenault’s retirement
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that Mr. Armontrout was unhappy with the
reduction in his part time wages even though he had been given a
full-time position. Mr. Armontrout was asking that the new full time
position be eliminated and those funds be transferred into part-time
wages.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
transfer the funds back into part-time salaries.
Mr. Paulette next requested the Board approve a bank card for County
use.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, ("Company")
desires to obtain financial accommodations from Central Fidelity Bank
("Bank") pursuant to the use of a number of Central Fidelity Bank Cards
("Bank Cards") by various officers and agents of the County; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors intends to
authorize its officers and agents to use such Bank Cards for an in
connection with County business;
WHEREAS, Bank will not issue such Bank Cards unless the County agrees
to accept without qualification, modification or restriction all the
terms and conditions of the Agreement on the reverse side, incorporated
by reference herein.
NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors apply to Bank for the issuance of a sufficient number of
Bank Cards, as in the judgement of the officer or officers hereinafter
authorized, the County may require:
RESOLVED FURTHER, that Philip Paulette, the Chairman, or Russell Moore,
the Vice Chairman, and Aileen T. Ferguson, Clerk of the Board and their
successors in office, are hereby authorized, directed and empowered in
the name of the County, to apply to Bank from time to time for issuance
of such Bank Cards, to make designation of individuals from time to
time to be named in the same, and to execute the Agreement referenced
above and such applications, forms and agreements with respect thereto,
and to any indebtedness arising from the use of such Bank Cards.