430
this event would be extremely helpful to any member of the Board that would be
able to attend.
The Virginia Association of Counties annual conference is scheduled for
November 12 — 14, 2006. County Administrator has not received the agenda as
of yet but will need to make reservations as soon as possible.
Mr. Craft stated he would be attending the VACo annual conference on November 12 —
14, 2006.
8. Letter from William A. Burke on behalf of the Appomattox
Businessmen: At the May 30, 2006 meeting with the Town of Appomattox,
Mr. Burke presented a letter voicing some concerns that some Appomattox
Businessmen would like addressed. Ms. Ferguson has done some research into
these matters and has provided some material for review and some comments
on other items.
Also provided is the only Blue Ribbon Committee report that is on file and there
is no recommendation that the local governments combine, organizing one
government.
Joint Tourism Director: In researching the minutes staff finds that over the years
there have been attempts to join together with the Town and the Chamber of
Commerce to hire a Tourism Director. For one reason or another it has not
worked out. Staff believes that Anne Dixon is doing a fantastic job marketing
the Town as well as the County and would like to commend her on all that she
does to promote tourism.
Regional Waste Management Program: A considerable amount of research has
been done into the best avenue for handling our solid waste. Staff believes that
the Board of Supervisors is always open to better and more cost effective ways
to serve the citizens of the County. We will continue to watch the progress of
the Regional Solid Waste program as it develops to see if there is a savings for
Appomattox County to participate.
Mr. Carter commended Ms. Ferguson for providing the information for the Board's
review.
Mr. Craft stated that he is still interested in see how Campbell County is going to save
14 - 16 million dollars in the next two years. He would also like to know the identity of
these business men.
9. Pr | for the Appom lemen' hool: Mr. Conkwright made a
request for the use of the old elementary school cafeteria for the wrestling club.
As far as the insurance is concerned we havea liability policy that covers us if we
are negligent in some way but we do not carry medical coverage on participants
in our recreation program.