296
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order, gave the invocation and asked
everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
Remove second part of item 8 — Set date for Public Hearing on Proposed
Changes to the County Code relating to automobile decals.
ADD: Item 8A — Town Office Building Renovations
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizen.
No one had anything to discuss at this time.
Mr. Carter called for the next item on the agenda - APPEARANCES:
Mr. Bill Slagle, Chairman, I.D.A. — Mr. Slagle meets with the Board to provide an
update on activities at the industrial park.
Mr. Slagle stated that he had spoken with Lee Cobb prior to this presentation. Mr. Cobb
said that the general climate is quite good, with the exceptions of pockets in Martinsville
and Danville. We have more people working in Region 2000 than at any point
previously. Unemployment is less that 4%. We know of 25 companies that are working
the Virginia Requirements for Assistance that are planning to employ 2300 persons over
the next two years. Areva has stated they plan to employ around 200 engineers, Liberty
University will add over 1,000 students which mean another 150 employees.
We always look at Appomattox being on the low end of the unemployment rate. He is
reminded that the climate is not where you are, it is how far you came from where you
were. This means, we have come a fair ways, however, we are not happy with where
we are. This summer we had the Governor's visit, which was well publicized and
attended by a good crowd. It was good for the County and it makes Appomattox the
major hub in the Mid-Atlantic Broadband System. We are at the crossroads of the
Southside Virginia Initiative along with the Fiber Optics connection extended to
Washington via the pipeline. This, of course, puts an additional pea in our pod. We
hope to connect the schools in the system. Mr. Slagle then asked Mr. Spencer to
elaborate on the Broad Band Initiative.
Mr. Spencer stated that basically the Governor's visit has brought a lot of attention to
the Broad Band or the lack of such here in the County. It has also brought a lot of
attention to Appomattox County from throughout the State. We are working through
and with Mid-Atlantic Broad Band to see how we can take care of the last mile. How do
we serve our community? The outcome may not be one that serves the entire County
at one time. There are still some issues that need to be overcome.