450
what Campbell County did, and this is the only method we can use without losing an
entire year of collecting the fee. The way the ordinance is written there is an
assessment of your motor vehicle which is subject to the license fee — January 1 of this
year (2006). You will pay your tax on December 5, 2006 but this will license you for the
year 2007. The alternative to that is if we had waited until 2007 we would have lost the
entire year’s license fees, which the County could not afford to do. The elimination of
the decal will save the County a considerable amount of money by not having to have
the decals printed up.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Overstreet and asked if anyone wished to make comments on
this ordinance change.
Having no one to speak, Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing at 6:08 p.m.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Wednesday, July 5, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisor's held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, in Appomattox, Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to deliver the
invocation after which everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
6A. Procurement Procedure for small purchases.
Mr. Carter next called for the CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
Ms. Julia Hawkins of Piney Mountain Road: Ms. Hawkins wishes to address the
Board in regards to Biosolids. She has a neighbor behind her who is spreading biosolids