447
provide a convenient location for quality craftsmen and performing arts such as drama,
music and dance. She feels this would greatly benefit our community by providing a
location for these residents to participate in serious productions as well as quality
craftsman. Ms. Mitchel provided a handout for the Board’s review.
Mr. Craft asked how much change she expected to make in the courthouse?
Ms. Mitchel stated she would like to paint the columns on the outside and entrance
white. The stage area would be a floater hardwood floor. New toilet and sinks for the
Judge’s Chambers. She would have fulltime carpenters and electricians. She would
leave the Judge's Bench area as it is.
Mr. Conrad asked since she would be leasing the old courthouse building, and basically
all the work that needs to be done to make this an operatable situation, you would be
responsible for completing any work that needs to be done.
Ms. Mitchel agreed but she would like to Board to take care of the roof. She also needs
to check on the requirements for the handicapped under the Americans Disability Act.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if each party is interested the next step would to get Ms.
Mitchel, Mr. Roark, and Ms. Dixon together to work out some terms and really put some
specifics to what would be included in the lease.
It was the consensus of the Board to have Ms. Ferguson meet with Ms. Mitchel and also
have Mr. Overstreet to move forward with the preparation of a lease agreement.
Mr. Carter stated the next order of business was the WATERLINE PROJECT:
Over the last thirty (30) days we have had lot more information come before us. We
have had our own IDA members to comment and the proposed 460 waterline from
Concord. We have also now held a public comment period to let the citizens provide
input on this subject and we are now at the stage where we either start instructing our
county administrator to begin negotiations with Campbell County PSA or we do nothing.
Mr. Craft feels we need to move forward and make a decision and not be tied down with
this issue any longer.
Mr. Conrad agrees that we need to move forward. We will not be able to attract
business and industry here if we do not have an ample water supply.
Mr. Armbrust stated we have heard a lot of complaints and a lot of people have
expressed their opinions. The IDA has done a great job. Some people want us to
remain a “Bedroom Community” and do not want any growth. There are others who do
not want the increase in taxes and we need the waterline to attract industry to have a
better tax base. He feels we need to answer a few more questions, such as, are we
going to do it by ourselves or with the town. He feels that would have to be decided
before he can agree to move forward with negotiations.