22
8105-6004 Town/County Water Project 8,333.00
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
20. Appomattox County School Board Meeting Calendar for 2005: School
Board’s meeting schedule for 2005.
21. School Board Financial Report: Monthly financial report for December 2004
for the school system.
22. County of Appomattox Workforce Development Center: The preliminary
community needs assessment has been complied by the Regional Commission in
conjunction with other agencies to send to VDHCD as a part of the funding
process.
23. Town of Appomattox Council Agenda: Agenda for Town Council meeting
for January 10, 2005.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Armbrust stated that sometime ago there was a discussion regarding the quality of
the road signs. This past week he ran into Mr. Wingfield and had the occasion to
examine some of the signs. The signs seemed to be of study construction, drilled
through taps, screwed in and they appeared to be very sturdy, but something disturbed
him. You could tell where something was apparently wrapped around the sign and
pulled it down. Some of these signs were found by hunters in the middle of the State
Forests. This tells me that apparently someone does not like the name of some of the
roads. In looking at the ordinance, the punishment for destroying these signs is paying
for the replacement of the sign. (Class four misdemeanor). This, to him is not tough
enough. He feels there should be some stiffer punishment for tearing down these signs.
Mr. Overstreet stated that a Class four misdemeanor carries a fine of up to $500 and
also make restitution of the cost of replacement. He also thinks that we could possibly
go to a class one misdemeanor for destruction of County Property.
The Board will check on this with Mr. Wingfield in about three (3) months.
Mr. Carter stated he would like to have the Chairman of the IDA to meet with the Board
periodically and give them an update on Industrial Development Authority activities.
Mr. Carter then reminded the Board of Upcoming Meetings:
January 18, 2005
Joint Public Hearing with the Planning Commission
6:30 p.m.
Town Office — Council Chambers
January 18, 2005
Joint Meeting with the School Board
School Board Conference Room