192
history of VACORP and it’s activities. Mr. Cary continued by briefly
reviewing his coverage and comparing this to cour present coverage.
Mr. Carey then answered questions of the Board members.
Mr. Paulette thanked Mr. Carey and explained the Board would review the
information presented and inform Mr. Carey of the Board’s decision.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Charles Baliss to appear before the Board.
Mr. Baliss began by explaining he had purchased property from Mr.
Monroe Dyess and built a home. Mr. Baliss continued that someone was
placing a doublewide on property located behind his property, which had
no road frontage, and was crossing his property. Mr. Baliss is
concerned with the added traffic across his property. Mr. Baliss also
explained that he had to get permission from Bethel Church to use their
driveway and no one had approached him about crossing his property.
Mr. Baliss stated there was another right of way into this property and
felt that should be used.
Mr. Torrence then stated he had been to see this situation and gave a
brief synopsis of the situation. Mr. Torrence wanted to know what
authority the Krajewski’s had to use this right of way.
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, Scated this would be a civil matter and
there was nothing the Board of Supervisors could do to correct the
problem now.
Mr. Perry McCraw, son-in-law to Mr. Baliss, spoke next and stated he
realized they needed to contact an attorney for legal advise, but he
was concerned the Board had approved the separation of this lot without
regard to the effect it would have on other property owners.
Mr. Paulette next called for a resolution from the Board adopting the
Revised Six Year Plan.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
At the regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held on Monday, December 2, 1996, it was resolved:
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, and the
Virginia Department of Transportation held a public hearing on November
4, 1996, in accordance to Section 33.1-70.01 of the Code of Virginia at
which the proposed Six Year Plan for Secondary Road Improvements for
1997-98 thru 2002-03, was presented by S. B. Lindsay, Resident Engineer
for the Virginia Department of Transportation.