661
WHEREAS, a presence on the World Wide Web is also critical to promoting the Economic and Tourism Development
programs by which communities strive to provide jobs and increase tax revenues through the investment of resources
from outside the community; and
WHEREAS, a presence on the World Wide Web has eluded Appomattox County due to the complexity and high cost of
developing an Official County Website; and
WHEREAS, Ference Varga of Pamplin, Virginia, has volunteered to develop an Appomattox County Government Website
at no cost to the County.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors do hereby offer its sincere
thanks to Ference Varga for his hard work and dedication toward creating www.AppomattoxCountyVA.gov as the Official
Appomattox County Government website.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Varga for his dedicated work to the County.
Mr. Spencer showed the Board the home page for this website. He also discussed what
was available on the site and that more work is needed to complete the site.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt
www.AppomattoxCountyVA.gov as the Official Appomattox County Government website
and issue the above proclamation of recognition to Mr. Ference Varga for developing
this site. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Johnnie Roark, County Planner:
Mr. Roark meets with the Board to present a proclamation in recognition of the years of
service that Mr. Robert Johnson gave to the County by serving on the Planning
Commission.
Proclamation in Recognition of the Service of
ROBERT JOHNSON
As a member of the Joint Planning Commission of
Appomattox County
WHEREAS, Robert Johnson of Pamplin, a well-known and widely respected community leader, died on April 21, 2007;
and
WHEREAS, Robert Johnson was a long-time member of the Town Council of Pamplin and the Joint Planning Commission
of Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, Robert Johnson was a faithful member of Beale Memorial Presbyterian Church and a member of the
American Legion and VFW; and
WHEREAS, Robert Johnson served with vigor and enthusiasm, his kindness and dedication won the respect of his peers
on the Joint Planning Commission; and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT PROCLAIMED this 7” Day of May, 2007, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
extends its profound appreciation to Mr. Johnson for his diligence, hard work, and dedication to serving his community.
Mr. Craft stated that the Town Council of Pamplin at its last meeting, elected Susan
Hudson as Vice-Mayor and Victor Salzi was appointed to fill Mr. Johnson’s unexpired
term.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Item #1)