187
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative record
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freed
of Information Act; and
58
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. VOTE:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was action from the executive session.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a 5%
increase effective November 1, 1996 for Mickey Martin and place him on
full time. VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate a
minimum of $1,250.00 up to $2,500.00 to participate in a water study
with other localities and several businesses. VOTE: Mr. Paulette,
aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to adjourn until November 18, 1996 after the public hearing.
VOTE: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. ]
Chairian
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held on November 18
1996 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District