050
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, THAT the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors:
endorses the two elements of that plan, $2.5 million for a
revolving loan fund that will create a much needed additional,
self-replenishing source of funding for infrastructure
improvements and construction of shell buildings and $1 million to
help establish an industrial/technology training facility and
program. This program will create an ongoing entity to address
current and projected employment training and development needs as
well as help determine the skills our educational resources need
to teach to make our current and future work forces ready for the
jobs of the future.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, THAT in asking for support of these projects
and the $3.5 in funding required, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors emphasizes its commitment to regional economic
development initiatives and, its firm belief, that these programs
will serve as key models for the rest of Virginia, helping to
insure that the Commonwealth enters the twenty-first century with
a vibrant and growing economy.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from the Town of Appomattox for a
resolution of support for a Community Development Block Grant to extend
water and sewer facilities into designated areas of the Town of
Appomattox. Mr. Paulette continued by stating the Town had requested
the permit fees be waived thereby allowing this grant to qualify for a
joint grant between the Town and County.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to waive the permit
fees for the Town of Appomattox on the water and sewer line extension
and to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT
TOWN OF APPOMATTOX
WHEREAS, there has been a long standing need for water and sewer
facilities to be extended to certain areas in the Town of Appomattox,
and;
WHEREAS, being a small locality, the Town of Appomattox has not had
sufficient funding from local sources to undertake this project; and
WHEREAS, not only will the extension of these lines solve the water and
sewer problems for the citizens in these areas, it will also make
several industrial or business sites more attractive to prospects; and
WHEREAS, there are Community Development Block Grant funds available to
localities to help with the cost of projects of this nature;
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors at it’s meeting on February 5, 1996, strongly supports this
grant application.