93
SCHOOL BOARD:
Ms. Amy Martin — Chairman
Clifford Rhodenizer
Raymond W. Mitchell
Todd D. Pickett
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Dr. Walter Krug - Superintendent County Schools
William Perrow — Director of Business
Janice M. Marston — Director if Instruction & Personnel
Dorina G. Grasty — Director of Remedial & Special Education
Martha J. Eagle — Director of Career & Technology Education
At 7:02 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter welcomed everyone and stated the first order of business was the School
Board.
Ms. Amy Martin began by thanking the Board for everything they have done for the
School Board and trying to understand the budget they have put forth. Dr. Krug will
update you with some information that has changed since the last meeting. She realizes
the Board has a vast undertaking in deciding the budget. As always they are asking
your consideration and any way you can help will be greatly appreciated.
Dr. Krug stated that they had presented a budget that would meet their needs. The 3%
increase in teachers salaries is probably on the low side and there is a need to stay
competitive. Also, at the last meeting the Board asked about salaries in comparison
with other school divisions and he hasa little of that data to be presented tonight.
Dr. Krug discussed the projected enrollment for next year; the shifting of teachers and
other adjustments that needed to be done to accommodate student requests for
classes. Dr. Krug also discussed how Appomattox County ranks with other counties
regarding teachers and administrative salaries.
There was some discussion regarding the salary increase for most all of the School
System personnel.
Mr. Perrow explained the 3% rate of increase is an average, based on the present salary
step level.
Teachers — range from 1.7% to 7%
Support Staff - Other than cafeteria and teachers assistants — 1% - 3%
Food Service — 5% to 7%
Teacher Aides — will be based on their skill levels, some up to maybe 15%.
( positions reevaluated)
Administration & Directors - up to 10 2%