O74
the capacity from 20 beds to 48 beds; and
WHEREAS, the City of Lynchburg is willing to finance the remainder of
the construction cost and to be responsible for finding
alternative secure detention space for all juveniles from the
localities when the Detention Home is at capacity; and
WHEREAS, the City of Lynchburg and the other localities in the 10th
and 24th Judicial Districts have determined that entering into an
Agreement with the City of Lynchburg regarding the use of the
Detention Home is in the best interests of the citizens of each of
the jurisdictions.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVEDBY THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF APPOMATTOX
COUNTY that the Agreement between the City of Lynchburg and the
localities of the 10th and 24th Judicial Districts presented to
the Board this day is hereby approved, and the County
Administrator is hereby authorized to execute such Agreement on
behalf of the County. The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
appoints Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator as its member on
the Advisory Board.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Aileen T.
Ferguson, County Administrator, to the Juvenile Detention Advisory
Board representing Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next advised the Board the tax rate for 1996 must be set.
A general discussion followed with each Board member expressing
concerns with budget needs and revenue projections.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
set the lax levy for 1996 at $0.52 per $100.00 of assessed value of
real estate. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, nay.
Mr. Paulette next presented a request from Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department for a permit to hold a special bingo on April 26, 1996 at
Spout Spring Ruritan Club.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve a special
bingo permit for April 26, 1996 for Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from Central Virginia Area Agency on
Aging for their fees, for use of the Community Center, to be waived for
the balance of FY96 and for FY97, due to budget cuts.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to relieve the Central
Virginia Area Agency on Aging from paying rent at the Community Center