206
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on June 2, 1997 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. and asked Mr.
Bosiger to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette next called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the
minutes of the public hearing of May 19, 1997; the recessed meeting of
May 19, 1997; and the regular meeting of May 5, 1997. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Don Austin, VDOT Assistant Resident
Engineer, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Austin began by informing the Board of the status of various
projects and then asked if the Board members had any questions for him.
After answering questions, Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Austin
and called on Mr. Brett Thompson to appear before the Board.
Mr. Thompson began by explaining that he was representing a group of
soccer coaches that worked with youth soccer in the County. Mr.
Thompson continued that the soccer program was growing by leaps and
bounds and that to meet the demand he felt four (4) fields were
needed. Mr. Thompson said he understood the Board of Supervisors was
working on some fields at the Primary School and he felt this was a
good idea. Mr. Thompson offered his help in this endeavor and thanked
the Board for their efforts.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Thompson and called Mr. Wayne
Phelps to appear before the Board.
Mr. Phelps introduced Mr. Allen Farley, Commander of the SCB. Mr.
Phelps continued that his main reason for meeting with the Board was to
talk about restoring the two (2) cannons, located on the Courthouse
lawn.