aif
Mr. Paulette drew the Board’s attention to a letter from the School
Board listing several items that have come up, that were not in the
original bid proposal.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
instructed to ask the School Board for detail bid specifications
listing items bid.
Mr. Paulette then presented an add on to Mr. Randy Parr’s bid, for
repairing the Courthouse wall, in the amount of $936.00. This add on
would be for placing re-bar, in the section of wall being repaired, to
strengthen the wall.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mr. Parr’s proposal
was denied.
Mr. Paulette next asked the members of the Electoral Board to join the
Board of Supervisors.
A lengthy discussion followed concerning the pro’s and con’s of moving
several of the voting precincts into nearby churches.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to wait
until the year 2000 when the census would be required.
Mr. Paulette thanked the Electoral Board for their time and turned the
Board of Supervisor’s attention to the Regional Priorities list.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, the 1997 CDBG Regional
Priorities are as follows: 1) Marketing Shell Building Program; 2)
Industrial Employment Creation/Retention; 3) Tourism; and 4) Water
and/or Sewer Improvements.
Mr. Bosiger commented, he felt the Board needed to appoint an IDA in
order to enhance economic development efforts in the County.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that
each Board member would submit names for appointment to the IDA at the
March meeting.
Mr. Paulette next asked the Board for directions for the Planning
Commission in Zoning and Subdivision Ordinance Review.
Mr. Torrence stated he would like to see the family exemption in the
Subdivision Ordinance, reviewed to see if the definition of family
members could be revised to include brothers and sisters.
Mr. Carwile stated he would like to see zoning done in a comprehensive
way in the best interest of the County citizens.
Mr. Torrence stated he would like for the zoning map to be reviewed to
see if the present zoning really applies to the areas zoned. Mr.
Torrence continued he felt zoning maps needed to be done for Pamplin.