58
6. Budget Schedule for 2005: Ms. Ferguson needs you to provide dates and
times for the budget work sessions and then she will provide a schedule for your
approval at the March 21, 2005 meeting. These meetings will be held in the old
J &D Court room. Monday appears to be a bad day for these sessions.
It was the consensus of the Board that these Budget work sessions be scheduled for
Thursday evenings in the old J & D Courtroom.
7. Board Meeting Place: Ms. Ferguson is still working on this matter and will
report as soon as information is available.
8. Pre-hospital Emergency Medical Care: Staff is continuing to work on this
matter and a report will be given as soon as all the information can be gathered.
9. Courthouse Project: The new courthouse project has several items that need
to be addressed prior to the final payment being processed.
Also, the Judge has addressed repairs at the old courthouse that need to be
taken care of before the final hearing on the court order.
Ms. Ferguson has talked with J. E. Jamerson & Sons concerning a change order
to address the concerns the Judge has with the back of the old courthouse. Mr.
Jamerson has provided a price of $30,000.00 to make the necessary repairs to
the back of the old building and install the necessary addition to the sprinkler
system in the new building. This does not include addressing the roof on the old
courthouse.
Following some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to
approve a change order allowing J. E. Jamerson & Sons to make the necessary repairs
to the old courthouse building and install the necessary addition to the sprinkler system
in the new building at a cost of $30,000.00. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
10. By-laws and Rules of Procedures Amendments: Mr. Overstreet has
incorporated the proposed changes to the Bylaws and Rules of Procedures, as
you requested.
Mr. Overstreet reviewed the changes to the Bylaws and Rules of Procedures as he
understood them.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the Revised Bylaws and
Rules of Procedures as follows:
*REVISED MARCH 7, 2005*
BYLAWS AND RULES OF PROCEDURES
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
SECTION A: MEETINGS
Regular Meetings.