63
creation, tax status: and shall reveal for the organization its method of determining its official position and
the speaker’s authority to represent the organization. Unreasonable failure to provide satisfactory answers
shall bar the speaker from further speaking on the matter before the Board.
Public Hearings
It is the purpose and objective of the Board of Supervisors to give each citizen an opportunity to express
his/her views during the public appearance and citizen comment sections of regular meetings and on the
issue(s) at hand at public hearings and to give all speakers equal treatment and courtesy. While it is often
necessary to have a presentation by the applicant and staff, it is the desire of the Board to hear from the
public, and therefore, the applicant and staff presentations will be as brief as possible. In order to
accomplish this objective, it is necessary that certain rules of order prevail at all hearings of the Board of
Supervisors, as follows:
e The order of business for consideration of a matter on the Board’s public hearing
agenda shall be as follows:
a. Staff presentation:
b. Questions from Board members (and Planning Commissioners if present):
c. Applicant’s presentation (if applicable, for land use matters);
d. Comments, statements or presentations from members of the public; and
e. Board discussion, at which time the Chairman may entertain a motion to place the
matter on future agenda for action, to refer the matter to committee, or bring the
matter to a vote.
e Staff presentation will be brief, concise summaries for the public’s information and understanding.
When written information has been provided prior to the hearing only summary and/or new
information should be presented.
e On land use matters a reasonable and sufficient time will be afforded the applicant to properly and
fairly present the subject matter. Ten minutes shall be allocated to the applicant’s presentation.
The applicant may allocate the time between presentation and rebuttal. If additional time is
believed to be necessary, the applicant should contact the County Administrator prior to the Public
Hearing. Any Member of the Board may ask the applicant to respond to specific questions.
e Each speaker will have up to five minutes available whether speaking as an
individual or a representative of any group or organization. However, should the
number of speakers registered to speak on any item exceed ten, the time will be
adjusted to three minutes for each speaker. Unless instructed by a majority of the
Board present and voting to do otherwise, the Chairman shall enforce the time
limits, as appropriate.
e Order of speakers will be determined on first to register, first to speak basis.
e Registration will be taken by County staff and will be submitted on the registration form provided,
which will include the name, address and election district of the speaker.
e Speakers will be limited to a presentation of their points of view except that the Chairman may
entertain questions of clarification.
e Debate is prohibited.