480
for any additional development (i.e. new guesthouses, new amenities,
recreational facilities) taking place in conjunction with the private club use.
e The public road leading to the development (Route 721) shall remain public and
maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation(VDOT). The use of the
land as a private club shall not interfere with the public’s use of this roadway. If
a request is made by the property owner to VDOT for abandonment of any
portion of this roadway, then this conditional use permit shall be re-examined by
the Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, for reasons of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice to approve CUP06007 —
Appomattox FFA Alumni Association/US Cellular as submitted. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes-1
absent)
2. Permit Application for a Musical or Entertainment Festival: Ken & Bonnie
Swanson are requesting a Musical or Entertainment Festival Permit to hold their
annual music festival on Saturday, September 2, 2006 and asking the Board to
waive the bond requirement.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve Ken & Bonnie Swanson’s
request to hold a music festival on Saturday, September 2, 2006 and waive the bond
requirement. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes- 1 absent)
3. AWAG Request for Use of Courtland Field: AWAG is requesting the use of
Courtland Field on June 9, 2007 for another “FIDO FIESTA”.
Ms. Ferguson commented that their event held last year was well attended and they did
a good job of cleaning the field afterwards.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve AWAG’s request for the
use of Courtland Field for another “FIDO FIESTA” on June 9, 2007. VOTE: Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
4. Funding Request for Lynchburg Regional Airport: At a previous meeting
the Board requested that the EDA consider a request from Lynchburg Regional
Chamber of Commerce to contribute towards an effort to restore air service
between Lynchburg Regional Airport and Dulles International Airport.
The EDA on July 24, 2006 recommended that the Board of Supervisors invest the funds
requested by the Lynchburg Regional Chamber of Commerce in the effort to reinstate air
service between Lynchburg and Dulles International Airport.
After some discussion, the Board by consensus agreed to table this issue until the next
meeting in order to obtain more information on use locally.