3.
460
CVCC Renovation Project:
J. E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc. $269,400.00
Roof Replacement Project: (3 Grade Wing and original Carver-Price
Building:
John T. Morgan Roofing Co. $143,136.00
Carver-Price Museum Window Project:
J. E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc. $ 29,880.00
Staff recommends that the apparent low bid be accepted for each project and
that the County Administrator be authorized to sign a contract for each of the
three projects, subject to review by the County Attorney, Mr. Overstreet.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to
approve the accepting of the low bids on the three projects at the old elementary
school and authorize the County Administrator to sign contracts for each of these
projects subject to review by the County Attorney. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
County Vehicle License Ordinance: A public hearing has been held and all is
in order to adopt the proposed County Vehicle License Ordinance.
Mr. Carter stated that there were no objections to this Ordinance at the Public Hearing.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the proposed County Vehicle
License Ordinance as recommended and repeal the present Ordinance.
APPOMATTOX COUNTY CODE
Article1
County Vehicle Licenses
Repealed § 162-8 — §162-19
[By ordinance of Board of Supervisors July 17, 2006.]
§162-20. Vehicles required to be licensed — Situs; student owners; grace period.
(A) Every person who shall own or lease a motor vehicle normally garaged, stored or parked in the
County shall pay an annual County License fee for such vehicle, as required herein.
(B) Persons who establish residence in the County during the license year shall comply with the
provisions of this article within thirty (30) days subsequent to establishing such residence.
(C) The situs for the imposition of licensing fees under this article shall in all cases, except as
hereinafter provided, be the locality in which the motor vehicle is normally garaged, stored, or
parked. If it cannot be determined where the personal property is normally garaged, stored, or
parked, the situs shall be the domicile of its owner. In the event the owner of the motor vehicle is
a full-time student attending an institution of higher education, the situs shall be the domicile of
such student, provided the student has presented sufficient evidence that he has paid a personal
property tax on the motor vehicle in his domicile.