220
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on March 3, 1997 at 7:00 p.m. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
Present:
Philip E. Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. and asked Mr.
Torrence to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Paulette next called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the
minutes of the regular meeting of February 3, 1997; the public hearing
of February 18, 1997; and the recessed meeting of February 18, 1997 as
submitted. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer, to
appeared before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by stating all signatures for right of way on Route
632 have been obtained. Ms. Lindsay continued that bids would be
received in April for the work to be done on Route 666. Ms. Lindsay
stated she had not received a report from traffic engineering on the
marking of the center line on Route 608.
Ms. Lindsay then asked if anyone had comments or concerns for her.
Mr. Torrence stated there was a place in Route 627, near the bridge
below Route 618, that needed to be repaired.
Mr. Bosiger asked if people had been complaining about gravel
puncturing tires on Route 644.
Ms. Lindsay stated she used to receive numerous complaints but they had
changed the gravel they were using and the complaints had stopped.
Ms. Lindsay stated she would look into this.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsay to confirm that a request for access road
into the new post office must come from the Town.
Ms. Lindsay stated that the original request must come from the Town
but the funds would come from the County’s allocation.