43
separate violation. Any person, firm or corporation that damages or destroys a
road sign, sign structures, structure number marker will meet the total burden of
all costs associated with the replacement.
4. Effective Date. This Ordinance shall be effective immediately upon its adoption by
the Board of Supervisors.
THESE WILL BE ADDED AS NECESSARY BASED ON THE NAMING AND
NUMBERING PROCESS
ยง 133-11. Definitions.
A. E-911 COORDINATOR- shall mean the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County, or its designee.
B. POINT OF ORGIN- shall mean the point at which a particular road begins its
addressing sequence.
Cc. PRIMARY STRUCTURE shall include, but not be limited to: residential building,
manufactured home, commercial building, industrial building, office building, public
building, church/place of worship, pay telephone, pump station, communication tower,
utility tower, substation, or other structure that may require address identification to
facilitate the timely response to an emergency situation.
Dz STRUCTURE NUMBER- shall mean the number assigned to consecutive intervals
along a road pursuant to the Number Assignment Formula contained herein. The term
House Number and Building Number shall be considered synonymous with Structure
Number for the purposes of this ordinance. Numbering Interval shall mean the distance
along a roadway covered by this
ordinance of 5.28 feet, there being 1000 intervals per mile (5,280 feet).
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Appointment to the CPMT to replace Richard Martin: Barry Elder, the new
Director of the Department of Social Services, needs to be officially appointed to the
CPMT.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Barry Elder, the new Director of
the Department of Social Services to the CPMT. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Road Viewer Appointment: Mr. Armbrust is not ready to make a recommendation
at this time.
This item was tabled until the March 7, 2005 meeting.
4. Bylaws and Rules of Procedures Amendments: Mr. Overstreet has reviewed
the sections that were in question on February 7, 2005 and is prepared to offer his
recommendations.