016
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate
$1,042.50 for one (1) dry weather sampling event at the landfill.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next asked Thomas Lawson, County Attorney to present the
proposed Regional Compact Decal Agreement.
Mr. Lawson explained the Board needed to set a date for a public
hearing on the Decal Ordinance.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, December 18, 1995 at
6:30 P.M. in the Courthouse was scheduled for the public hearing on the
Decal Ordinance.
Mr. Lawson next explained a resolution was necessary giving Mrs.
Ferguson, County Administrator, permission to enter into this regional
decal agreement.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
A RESOLUTION authorizing the County Administrator to sign on behalf of
the County of Appomattox a compact between the County of Appomattox an¢
the Central Virginia Planning District Commission for the joint
enforcement of motor vehicle ordinances of the said jurisdictions.
WHEREAS, Section 46.2-752(K) of the Code of Virginia permits the
governing bodies of any two or more counties, cities or towns to enter
into compacts for the enforcement of local motor vehicle license
ordinances; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox and the Central Planning District
Commission have agreed to enter into a Compact for the Enforcement of
Vehicle Decal Ordinances to enforce such local ordinances and as a
means to enhance the collection of local revenue
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox, Virginia, that the County Administrator is
authorized to sign and enter into a Compact for the Enforcement of
Vehicle Decal Ordinances with the Central Virginia Planning District
Commission.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a
true and exact copy of a Resolution adopted
at a regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors
of the County of Appomattox, Virginia, held on
November 6, 1995 at which said meeting a quorum
was present and voted.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
>