112
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on May 20, 1996 at 8:00 p.m. after the public hearing, in the
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginila.
Present:
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette, Chairman - Courthouse District
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Paulette reconvened the meeting and presented the first item for
consideration, additional contributions to Concord and Gladstone Rescue
Squad.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr
Bosiger to appropriate $2,500.00 to Concord Rescue Squad and $600.00 to
Gladstone Rescue Squad from 11010-3002. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
Mr. Paulette next presented the application to close one entrance at
the Vera container site.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
close the entrance next to the old service station at the Vera
container site.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
close the entrance next to the old service station at the Vera
container site. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then presented the Police Agreement with the Town of
Appomattox for approval.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence t
enter into the new Police Agreement with the Town of Appomattox. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette told the other Board members that they needed to make
appointments to the Town/County Economic Development Committee.
By consensus of the Board, it was agreed for Mr. Carwile and Mr.
Bosiger to serve on this Committee.
Mr. Paulette next asked the other members of the Board if they wished
to actively pursue participation in a Regional Jail.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed not to
pursue this at this time.