631
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter called the work session to order and gave the invocation.
Ms. Ferguson began by saying one of the first things to do is to set the revenue. A
couple of things have happened over the last year, one, of which, is the fact that the
legislature determined to take our “E911 Communication Tax” and some of our other
taxes and roll them into one “Communications Tax” and they are collecting that and
returning it to us. In doing so, it appears that from the first amount we have gotten
back, are going to lose about $200,000 a year. When we had the auditors come in and
look at what we had been bringing in, they showed about $600,000+. When we
actually got in our first return from the State, we received approximately $38,000. This
is also about two (2) months behind in being sent.
Mr. Carter remarked that the overall scheme is the part it plays - when this was first
mandated, and we began, these funds were earmarked for Communications Equipment,
etc. Now, with this, what kind of roll does this play.
Ms. Ferguson replied that this is not earmarked for anything specific, which is fine. It
probably works out better for us, as we do not have to worry about watching this fund
and keeping it in a separate fund.
Ms. Ferguson and Ms. Belter have looked at these figures and think some of these
estimates are a little high, but she is under an obligation to use these figures. The
Mobile Home tax, for instance, we budgeted $72,000 last year but only bought in
$53,000. This year Monte’s estimate is $71,000. Other than these, there are no major
changes or concerns with the revenues, they are pretty much what they have been in
the past.
There was some discussion regarding the estimated cost of new construction being
down this year, the reassessment and the adjusted tax rate.
Ms. Ferguson asked the Board Members to look at the Revenue figures before the next
work session on Thursday.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the State has approved a 4% increase for Constitutional
Officers and their staff. We have followed suit and that is what is built into the budget.
We have been working with Anthem and there does not appear to be any sufficient
increase this year, possibly a 2%. The VRS rates is decreasing a little bit, so employee
benefits are looking very good. The increases in most of the budgets are going to be in
salaries. Most departments have kept their budget level with last year.
The nature of local government is changing so drastically, that you pretty much have to
call in an engineer, consultant or lawyer whenever something has to be done. This will
cause some increases in the Professional Services line in the budget.
Discussion, continued on the individual department budgets.