171
Mr. Robert Fleshman came forward and gave his address as Route 1, Box
188, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Fleshman continued that he was the person
making the request and asked the Board to approve his petition.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Nannie Watkins came forward and stated she was Mr. Fleshman’s
sister and requested the Board of Supervisors make a decision on this
request tonight. Mrs. Watkins stated she felt they had been given the
run around.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition,
Mr. Caldwell read petition #96-301 of William B. Armstead for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow mobile home in V-1 District. Property
is Tax Map Parcel #111A3-A-9 and is located on Route 1112 between Route
1111 and Route 1103.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Charles Walker came forward and stated he was Mr. Armstead’s
son-in-law. Mr. Walker explained that his father-in-law was in New
Jersey and he had been trying since May 1996 to get an answer on
rezoning this property. Mr. Walked requested his father-in-law’s
request be granted.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #96-302 of William E. Jamerson to rezone
property from A-1 to B-1 with Conditional Use for Mini Storage.
Property is part of Tax Map Parcel #73-A-20A and is located on Route
460 between Route 648 and Route 667.
Mr. Paulette called for comments on this petition.
Mr. W. E. Jamerson came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 92,
Appomattox, VA. Mr. Jamerson continued that he had recently purchased |
this property and felt that mini storage buildings were an appropriate
use of this property.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Joe Fuller came forward and stated that he was opposed to rezoning
this property. Mr. Fuller stated the parcel of land joined
predominantly residential properties. He continued that he felt
placing mini storage buildings on this property would create a traffic
hazard with vehicles entering and exiting this property. Mr. Fuller |
also stated that he was mainly concerned with Mr. Jamerson’s plans for |
the property located on the west bound side of Route 460. Mr. Fuller
stated that in order to construct this building the lot would have to