422
advance. Is this correct? It is a sad state that rural Virginia, not just us, everybody is
facing this, that there is 134 or 35 thousand acres being spread now and he
understands we have another one thousand acres in Appomattox. We have to plan an
outdoor wedding or backyard picnics, out in the rural areas, around when the sludge will
be spread. We know we lost in Court, but today we have a chance to at least cast an
impact. He has three (3) recommendations: 1) Since we know the County gets 100
days in advance, there is no reason that the adjoining citizens can’t be notified 60 to 90
days in advance. He, as a community service, volunteers to help put up these signs.
We can solve this problem in rural Virginia, and this was a statement made by the
Health Department four years ago, that this stuff was safe enough to be used on the
White House lawn. This refers to Class “A” biosolids. He sold manure when he owned a
dairy farm, this is also a form of biosolids. It is common knowledge, from an article in
the newspapers, it cost approximately 3 to 4 time more to landfill this than to spread it
in rural Virginia. Unfortunately, we are being dumped on. He personally thinks that our
friends that are using sludge, are being used because to get 200 pounds of nitrogen,
they have to store approximately 20 tons of God knows what, on the land. He thinks
this is crazy, but it is tight to farm. If we could somehow to pursue a legal right to
require safe biosolids on our land. 2.) To require these signs be put up by the County or
the landowner 60 to 90 days in advance. 3.) For us as taxpayers to pay for monitoring,
thank God we have one, who don’t want sludge, the Board who doesn’t want it, that we
should have to pay for this monitoring. The sludge companies are making a fortune, the
people who are using it are saving a whole lot of dollars and these are the ones who
should absorb the cost of monitoring.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak on the Biosolids.
Kevin O’Brien: The Planning Commission submitted a zoning ordinance prior to the
lawsuit, and we still have a copy of this. We spend several months in studying this
problem but we knew we couldn't stop it, but we knew we could control it and have a
better say in where and when it was going to be used, by giving notification by putting
up signs, etc. Most of surrounding counties do the same. They met with a
representative of Nutri-blend who gave them some information on what was allowable,
etc. regarding notification. He could probably obtain a copy of this.
Ms. Ferguson stated the county could do that but it would be at the expense of the
taxpayers. The new ordinance will identify and take care of some of this stuff, but there
again, it would be at the county citizens expense.
Kim Walker: When she came in tonight she handled Ms. Ferguson a photograph that
she took from her own vehicle of a moving sludge truck dumping their load. They do
not have a permit to dump this on the highway, which she then has to drive her vehicle
on, and then she carries it back into her drive-way. She thinks they should have to pay
for dumping this sludge on the highway. This photo was taken near Bent Creek near
where they pick up their load. They are ruining our county. She has never seen a sign
anywhere in the county stating they would be spreading biosolids.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak on the Biosolida Ordinance.