Vit)
Garet K. Bosiger - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:00 p.m. and asked Mr.
Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Paulette called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion to approve the minutes of the recessed
meetings of March 18, 1996, March 25, 1996, April 8, 1996, April 15,
1996, April 22, 1996; regular meeting of April 1, 1996; and public
hearing of April 15, 1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by explaining the traffic engineer was recommending |a
speed limit reduction on Route 601 to 35 MPH. She continued that the
recommendation had been sent to Richmond for approval.
Ms. Lindsay asked if the request was also for a speed limit reduction
on Route 628.
Mr. Torrence stated he would also like this reduction in speed on Routé
628, behind the Exxon, considered.
Ms. Lindsay next informed the Board that State Legislature was
supporting a reduction in rail crossings for safety reasons. Ms.
Lindsay explained the two (2) crossing, in the County, recommended for
closure, were Route 674 and Route 622. Ms. Lindsay stated that VDOT
had said the crossing on Route 674 could not be closed because VDOT had
just installed gates and lights at this location. Ms. Lindsay then
stated she felt it was going to be difficult to keep Route 622 crossi
because it’s closure would effect such a small number of people.
Ms. Lindsay concluded that the Board was not being asked for a decision
tonight, she only wanted to give the Board time to think about this
issue.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsay the status of the crossover at New
Jerusalem Church.
Ms. Lindsay explained the status of the crossover and stated she would
look into this and report back to the Board. She also stated the cost
of moving the crossover would be at the Church’s expense.
10)