289
feel is appropriate, so their decision would work with the two ordinances, the State
Code, as well as the zoning ordinance.
Mr. Spencer then read the following petition:
#05-559 — Travis Ford: The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use Permit to allow
a vehicle graveyard on Route 460 between Route 609 and Route 667. The property,
identified as Tax Map #60(4)B, is 5.05 acres in size and is zoned Industrial District M-1.
The applicants business, Ragnarok, Inc., was the beneficiary of a Conditional Use Permit
granted to Hackett Enterprises on August 1, 2005 which allowed the operation of a
concrete contractor’s facility on this same parcel. Approval of this current request would
result in vehicle graveyard becoming a Conditional Use in the Industrial District M-1 and
would thus amend the County Zoning Ordinance (Section 170-25).
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer asked for comments against this petition.
Jeff Lewis, who lives on Phoebe Pond Road, stated he owns the property next door to
what was Shadowwood Gardens and even when they were there, the property nearest
the residential section was allowed to grow up and contain litter. He called them and
asked them to clean it up, but did not get any cooperation. There is a small buffer zone
between the active working area and the next property, approximately 100 feet wide,
which looks pretty decent at present. He objects to having autos spread across this
area against the adjoining property. He feels this will decrease property values. He is
not aware of the screening aspect of this ordinance. Another piece of property has a
fenced lot containing old trucks, etc, which is also an eyesore. If there is going to be
fencing and/or some type of screening, and the area around has a buffer zone, kept
clean and the weeds mowed, he may not have a strong objection.
John Carter, of Route 3, Box 23A, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Carter is opposed to this
petition. He drives by this area at least twice a day and it is fully visible from the
roadway. If the goal of the County is to increase tourism, he is not sure how this would
impact that goal. The typography of the land will make screening almost impossible at
this point. He feels this type of conditional use is pretty much dependent upon the
owner to keep it up.
Tom Powers, Secure Self-Storage, Route 460, Appomattox.- His concern is regarding
tourism. He feels this area has collected some pretty bad eyesores and we do not need
another one. The contour of the land is not feasible to screening. There are at present
10 or 12 automobiles on the property and it looks bad. These types of business are
necessary but we do not need them along the Route 460 corridor as it is not beneficial
to our area. Appomattox County has eyesores coming into the County from both the
east and west sides.
Mr. Spencer asked for additional comments. Hearing none, he turned the meeting back
to Mr. Carter.