11
Chairman.
13. Wearing hats, caps or other types of headgear.
14. Applause is permitted only during presentation, awards, proclamations and
special recognition periods.
The Chairman shall preserve order and decorum at all meetings. The Chairman may
order the expulsion of any person for violation of these rules, disruptive behavior, or any
words or action which incites violence or disorder, subject to appeal to the Board. Any
person who has been so expelled and who at a later meeting again engages in words or
actions justifying expulsion may be barred from attendance at future meetings of the
Board for a specified and reasonable period of time not to exceed six months or upon a
still subsequent expulsion, a period not to exceed one year either by the Chairman,
subject to appeal to the Board or by motion passed by the Board.
SECTION H: MISCELLANEOUS
Reserved Area.
Only members of the Board, the County Administrator, County Attorney, administrative
staff and other persons expressly invited shall be entitled to enter the area behind the
Board Dais.
Press.
Cameras from the press shall be limited to the west side of the boardroom. Members
from the press shall not interview the public or staff in the Boardroom while meetings are
in session.
Amendment of Rules.
These rules of procedure may be amended by majority vote of the entire membership.
No notice shall be required for the adoption of any amendments.
Vote: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2) Appointment of Clerk to the Board of Supervisors:
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to appoint the County
Administrator, Ms. Ferguson, to serve as the Clerk to the Board of Supervisors. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
3) Establish meeting dates, time and place:
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt the proposed schedule as
provided, with meetings being scheduled for 6:30 p.m. on the first and third Monday of