Mr. Dickerson explained what had occurred with the leachate pond and
presented several options for resolving this problem.
Mr. Paulette thanked and excused Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Grubbs and
turned the Board’s attention to the budget.
Budget discussion continued.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to
reduce the school’s FY98 budget by $100,000.00; reduce Social Service:
FY98 budget by $10,000.00; and take the balance from operating reservy
to balance the County’s FY98 budget.
ow
Mr. Paulette explained that an executive session was necessary to
discuss a legal matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
executive session at 9:10 P.M. to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:33 P.M. Vote: My
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger the following was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
i
Mr. Bosiger next informed the other Board members that the IDA would be
meeting on April 17, 1997 and he would be briefing them on what the
Board was expecting of them. Mr. Bosiger continued that if any Board
member had anything to relay to the IDA, please let him know.