531
Staff recommends appointing Supervisor Craft who is planning to attend the
conference representing Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Mr. Craft to represent
the County of Appomattox and vote on the County’s behalf at the upcoming VACo
meeting to be held on Tuesday, November 14° at the Homestead in Bath County.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Legislative Proposal for Regional Airport Authority: The Lynchburg
Regional Airport Authority Advisory Committee is requesting your support of
legislation authorizing an independent airport authority in the Region 2000 area.
We would not be committing to participate in the authority by supporting this
legislation.
Mr. Carter asked if any member had questions regarding this issue. Mr. Craft asked
why would be want to participate in this endeavor.
Ms. Ferguson answered that if an authority is formed, she is confident that there would
be some financial requests made of the localities. She certainly thinks there is no
reason not to support the legislation allowing them to form this authority. Campbell
County and the City of Lynchburg have already determined that they are prepared to
join together and work with this. At a later date you will possibly be asked to become a
member if the Legislature allows this authority to be formed.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt a resolution of support for
this legislature to allow for the formation of a independent airport authority in the
Region 2000 area. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Request from Orange County Concerning Senate Bill 374: Bill Rolfe,
County Administrator in Orange County is requesting that you adopt a resolution
opposing a portion of Senate Bill 374 concerning cluster development.
Mr. Craft and Mr. Conrad both commented on this being another case of the State
telling the local government what to do.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following resolution
opposing a portion of Senate Bill 374 concerning cluster development:
A RESOLUTION BY THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA REGARDING CLUSTERING OF
SINGLE-FAMILY DWELLINGS AND OPPOSING CERTAIN
PROVISIONS OF SENATE BILL 374.
WHEREAS, modification to Section 15.2-2286 of the Code of Virginia enacted by
Senate Bill 374 relevant to clustering of single family dwellings imposes unreasonable