441
Sincerely, Adam Lawson
Dr. Siano continued by saying that she is a member of the Appomattox County Citizens
Coalition, she sincerely wants to cooperate with every member of the Board but she will
not send anyone a blank check to spend my hard earned retirement or tax dollars. She
is not opposed to growth, it is a very necessary aspect of every community. There needs
to be input from the citizens, as well as directions and decisions from our leaders. We
elected you to represent us, you should not make ad hock decisions. As a member of
the citizens coalition, she would like to suggest that we need to put “the horse before
the cart”. If we are becoming involved in the pipeline for water for industry as Mr.
Slagle seems to suggest, then she and every member of this community is entitled to
have the following questions answered in writing and submitted to us through the Board
of Supervisors. She is sick and tired of picking up the Times-Virginian and having
someone spouting off we did this and we did that, and she doesn’t see any evidence of
proof. She pays her taxes and she deserves something and when someone is making a
decision as important as a waterline or pipeline, she thinks she is entitled to these
answers:
1. A complete list of all of the industries/businesses referred to by
Mr. Slagle as not locating here because of a lack of water.
2. The name of the spokes person or contact person: their phone
numbers, their addresses.
3. The kind of industry or business and type of product they would
be produced.
4. The amount of water they needed to operate. What about wells,
the furniture place has a well and we have pretty good wells here.
5. Any other reasons why they were reluctant to come here.
6. What the IDA done to encourage industry and what have they
accomplished? .
It is difficult to perceive the need for water being so great that we cannot provide it.
What are we talking about, Aqua World or Sea World. The IDA has the responsibility to
disclose this, the industrial park belongs to each and every citizen and it is about time
that they began to see some of the results. Why all the “hocus-pocus” about having
anyone in the park except Lynchburg Concrete because of a lack of water. It almost
seems that the source of the waterline or pipeline is a necessity, so that the lack of
progress in the industrial park and is being use as an excuse and is being use to cover
someone's “backsides”. The evidence of the number of applicants that decided not to
locate here should be documented and readily available to any citizen of the county.
When the elected officials are not aware of the applicants and why they are not in the
park, we are all in danger of losing our democratic society. This situation is ludicrous. If
the Board of Supervisors, do not give the citizens the answers to pertinent questions
and make them a matter of public record, then the issue should be tabled. We should
wait until we get the answers. That is the only way the Town and County Officials can
make informed decisions. Was the industrial park built on the premise of “if we build it,
they will come”, if so, they have been an awful long time in coming.
Mr. Carter then introduced Bill Slagle, Chairman of the IDA.