606
insurance company for damage to one of the vehicle that occurred during ice
storm.
9. Commonwealth's Attorney: Please appropriate by consent and supplement
$3,300.00 to the equipment line in the Commonwealth’s Attorneys budget for
additional funds received from the Compensation Board.
FUND TRANSFER:
10. Law Library Fund: Please approve payment of the following bills from the Law
Library Fund: Matthew Bender & Co. Inc. $35.13
West Payment Center 364.70
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
11. Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department and EMS: Letter from Harry Elam, Jr.,
Treasurer of Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department, thanking you for your
continued support of the needs of the fire department.
12. NACo 2007 Update: E-mail from Marilyn Blake updating us on the
preparations being made for the 2007 National Convention.
13. Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District Meeting: Minutes of
Board of Directors Meeting held on January 25, 2007.
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Armbrust — none
Mr. Conrad — none
Mr. Craft — none
Mr. Moore — none
Mr. Carter made the following comment. “I would like to commend the Appomattox
County Rescue Squad for taking action to up-grade their emergency service capability to
the citizens of Appomattox. Over the past years our Rescue Squad has endured
significant changes that range from somewhat limited personnel to employers being
unable to let the squad member(s) off during working hours. We have had meetings
with the Rescue Squad to troubleshoot/brainstorm ways and means to regain the
strength that was once there. I think now a course of action has been launched by the
Rescue Squad minus any help form the county to render the much needed service it
provides. I think we will benefit from the results shortly”.
UPCOMING MEETINGS
Joint Meeting with School Board
Monday, March 12, 2007
7:00 p.m.
School Board Office