476
where anyone from Stone Ridge patronizes local businesses. They have been open
since November 2005 and they do not patronize them.
Ann Cabell Giles: Her son has fifty (50) acres on this road in question and he certainly
want to maintain access to and from his property. He doesn’t live here but perhaps one
day he will.
Lloyd Ferguson, Stage Road, Lynchburg, VA.: He owns property in this area. He
goes over there to hunt. He does not approve of closing this road.
Richard D. Ferguson, Old Vineyard Road, Appomattox, VA.: He was born and
raised on this property and they always had access to the James for fishing, hunting,
trapping. Since this man bought the property, it is posted, etc. He don’t want nobody
to walk or touch anything. It looks like he is trying to push us out. Don’t want us to
have no freedom. He’s got the money and he can do that.
Paul Allen, 1248 Stone Ridge Road, Appomattox, VA.: The whole story is that
we would like to keep our road like it is. We don’t want change on this road. We don’t
want a gate put at Route 605 and 721. We don’t want restrictions on our road. It has
been like that for 35 to 40 years and these people have been going up and down for
that many years, practically all their life. With the money this man has got, if he wants
a road, he has almost 1100 acres that he can build himself a road, but don’t take our
road away from us. I own 20 acres, half-way up the hill. If something ever happens
that he gets the road, and he ever sells, that 20 acres of land I have, I will have to go
through the woods to get to. I don’t want that.
Alfonzo Ferguson, 674 Pleasant Valley Road, Lynchburg, VA.: He would like to
just say “keep the road open”. Do not cut the State road off, we would have a hard
time. We could not get mail, no school buses, no nothing.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak on this petition.
Hearing no other comments, Mr. Roark turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Carter declared the Public Hearing closed.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman