357
will have to be visiting clients, residential facilities, etc. Total package for this
position will be about $90,000. This may be a little on the high side.
3. Another vehicle for the Animal Warden Department - $30,000.
CSA COORDINATOR:
In years past, we have been sharing a CSA position with Campbell County. Recently
they informed us that due to the increased work load of this person, they would no
longer contract with us to provide these services. We have been paying them
approximately $12,500 per year for providing case management, taking care of all the
financial filings, and all the records keeping, etc. All we had to do was have our FAPT
Team meetings, and our CMPT meetings and pay the bills. When Dorinda Grasty
received this letter, she did not believe we had anyone who could take on these
responsibilities. Ms. Ferguson called Buckingham to see if they were interested in
sharing a CSA Coordinator and they are not. Their Social Services Department handles
this. She saw Jonathan Pickett at a meeting in Pamplin and asked what they were
doing. He informed her that they had hired a full time position in the County
Administration Office to do the CSA duties and also to help with other administrative
duties. It became clear that no one was interested in sharing a position.
In the FAPT meeting today, a recommendation was made to hire a full time person. The
present CSA Coordinator also suggests that we hire a full time person. This year, to
date, the CSA Coordinator shows an expenditure of $305,562.29 which is less than what
our records indicate. By next year, you could very easily see this budget top $500,000.
We definitely need to do something. The Team seems to think that if we had a
coordinator that would track these kids, it would save us money. FAPT could
recommend a program for a child for six months and the CSA Coordinator could say, no
way, why not try for three months and closely monitor to see what happens in that
period of time and then recommend what should happen next. Everyone seems to feel
a full-time position would save the County money in the long run.
There were some questions regarding exactly what a CSA Coordinator does. This
information was included in tonight’s packet. The CSA costs continuously increases. A
CSA coordinator would basically handle all the administrative things that are associated
with the Comprehensive Services Act.
Amherst County’s job description includes: Develop and recommend CSA policies and
procedures; monitors compliance with Code of Virginia State and Local regulations and
policies; participates in long range planning; contracts with providers for services;
assists in developing service recommendations and evaluates the effectiveness of
providers; prepares State reports; monitors expenses; monitors case managers service
authorization with vendor invoice and verifies effectiveness of services; recruits and
trains parent representatives and private sector representatives; prepares, implements
and regularly updates the plans on community education, customer awareness
participation, etc.; facilitates the assessment of child and family strength, needs and
resources and ensure that the CAFES (evaluation form) has been completed; ensures
case manager has documented all relevant case information; identifies funding sources
for identified services and availability of needed services, etc.