423
Estel E. Surface: He would like to go a little further on the sign issue. A 30 or 60 day
notice is fine but what happens it the sign is not there in 60 days. You are saying the
cost of the signs — the company should have to put these signs up, they are the ones
doing business. He moved here from Chesapeake to get rid of the trash dumps and the
other pollutants they have there. He has now moved into biosolids. He would rather be
in Chesapeake. We do not know the long term effects of this sludge on our children.
This is a serious problem. He never one that believed the State should be able to tell
the locality what to do. This is bad stuff.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Dennis Torrence: What about putting the signs out. If I have 400 acres beside me
that had been spread three (3) times in the last four (4) years, we need to know how
long they will be spreading sludge. We had been told that this would only smell bad 2
to 3 days. What they didn’t tell us was how much they would spread in a day. We need
to know if we have to put up with this stuff a month, 2 to 3 days at a time. They need
to tell us approximately how long it will take to spread the acreage involved.
Mr. Roark presented the next ordinance: INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
— Title of Chapter 25 — Section 25-2: Change the name of the organization to
Economic Development Authority. This amendment has been discussed by
the IDA for a number of years and is intended to more clearly reflect the
purpose of the organization.
There were no comments for or against this ordinance change.
Mr. Roark presented the next ordinance: BUILDING CODE : Amends Chapter 51 —
Building Construction, Appomattox County Code to formally adopt the
Uniform Statewide Building Code (2003) and the Statewide Fire Prevention
Code (2003). This ordinance would also change the name of the department from
Office of Building and Housing to Office of Building Inspections.
There were no comments for or against this ordinance change.
Mr. Roark presented the next ordinance: SOLID WASTE CODE: Amends Chapter
139 — Solid Waste, Appomattox County Code to update language in the
following sections and update fees:
e Section 139-3 (A) add the words bags of
e Section 139-4 (B) change twice to once
e Section 139-4 (C) (2) change one hundred dollars ($100.00) to two hundred
fifty dollars ($250.00)
e Section 139-7 (A) (1) (b) amend to read: Passenger, truck tires, farm tractor
tires, and heavy equipment tire will be billed by the ton according to current
Emmanuel Tire charges. ,
e Section 139-7 (F) change two (2) tons per month to six (6) tons per year.
There were no comments for or against this ordinance change.