614
Mr. Overstreet had one item that he needed to bring to the Board’s attention before the
beginning of tonight’s informal public hearing on the Land Use taxation. Because there
may be some Board members who own sufficient amounts of real estate whereby they
would be eligible for this land use taxation if it went into effect, the Code of Virginia
requires that they declare that at the meeting where this proposal is being considered.
They are not disqualified from voting on it, but they have to make a declaration in public
to that effect. While it is particularly to their property, it is also particular to a large
group of people’s property. They can consider this if they make this declaration. Mr.
Moore may be in this situation and Mr. Armbrust may also be in this same situation.
Mr. Overstreet read the DECLARATION pursuant to Sec. 2.2-3112.A.2 and 2.2-3115 G.
Code of Virginia.
“I hereby declare that I have a personal interest in the transaction of adopting
Land Use taxation in Appomattox County by virtue of my ownership of real
estate in the County which may be eligible for Land Use. Therefore, I am a
member of a group that may be affected by this transaction.
“I declare that notwithstanding the above, I am able to participate in this
transaction fairly, objectively, and in the public interest.”
Mr. Armbrust agreed to this declaration orally as well as presenting Ms. Ferguson with a
signed document.
Mr. Carter read a statement of the expectations, procedure and guidelines to be
followed tonight:
"This Public Comment Period is being held to receive comments from the citizens of
Appomattox County on the subject of “Land Use Assessment”. The Board has been
pursing information as much as possible to determine the economical impact this will
have on the county if it is put into effect. Everyone is also reminded that if this passes,
the loss revenue will have to be recaptured and our tax rate is already heavy. Besides
collecting information from other identities, the Board desires to receive feedback
through this open channel from citizens who have decided to share one’s thoughts.
Please remember this is a comment period, not discussion. There will be NO VOTE
tonight on this subject.
In order for this comment period to be successful, we will follow the normal procedure
and policy that we have in place. The following process will be adhered to by citizens
who participate in addressing the Board:
e Name and Address for the Record
e Speakers shall speak on Land Use Assessment Only.
e Time frame is 5 minutes maximum and it will be monitored. When 4
minutes has expired, the speaker will be alerted to complete
statements with the next minute.
As always, the Board thanks everyone who has taken the time to come out tonight. If
anyone wishes to continue learning about Land Use Assessment in regards to the impact
on county business, feel free to call any Board Member or the County Administrator’s
Office.”