227)
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Paulette called the meeting to order at 7:45 P.M.
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Earl Dickerson and Mr. Jeff Grubbs of Hurt and
Proffit, to appear before the Board. Mr. Paulette explained that Hurt
& Proffitt were presenting information on landfill operation.
Mr. Dickerson presented a handout of their first draft of Solid Waste
study and reviewed each chart with the Board.
After review of the handout Mr. Dickerson explained that he would have
a final document for the April 7, 1997 meeting as well asa
recommendation for the Board.
Mr. Paulette next called the Animal Ordinance Review Committee to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Berkley Cabiness began by going over the report that was provided
for the Board at the March 3, 1997 regular meeting. Mr. Cabiness
stated the Committee felt that education of the public was important;
have more rabies clinics (at least five, with one being held in each
district, and have them on Saturdays in order for the Treasurer’s
Office to have an employee at the clinics to sell county dog license);
increase confinement period to 45 days and hire additional personnel
during this time; and stress that State law requires vaccination of
cats.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette thanked the committee for their time and
comments.
Mr. Paulette asked Ms. Tina Carter to appear before the Board.
Ms. Carter explained that the undercarriage repairs were necessary on
the 973 at a cost of $26,000.00 or the Board could consider the
purchase of a new loader.
After discussing the options, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr
Moore to do undercarriage repairs to the 973 at a cost of $26,000.00.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Carter next explained that there were some problems with the
leachate pond. Ms. Carter continued by presenting the options for
correcting the problem with the Board.
After discussion, Tina was instructed to try airiation and see what
could be done so the Town would continue to accept our leachate.
Mr. Paulette next presented appropriation requests.