49
04-547 — David Leonard, Jr. — The applicant is requesting a variance from §170-80
and Table 2 of the Code of Appomattox County in order to construct a new single-family
dwelling within twelve (12) feet of a front property line and within twenty (20) feet of a
side property line where fifty (50) feet and twenty five (25) feet are required
respectively. Subject property is a portion of Tax Map #8(1)10 and is located on Route
623 between Route 605 and the James River, containing 3.00 acres of land is zoned A-1
Agricultural.
Mr. Spencer called for comments on this petition.
Mr. David Leonard came forward and stated he was with Jim Walter Homes. He is here
representing Mr. & Mrs. Amos. He stated that the five (5) foot infringement is with a
neighbor and the other infringement is between Mr. Amos and his son. Mr. Amos
intends to give this property to his son to build a home on in order to be close to them
as they grow older.
Mr. Spencer called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer read the next petition:
04-547 — Hugh Radcliffe and Joan Rockwell - The applicants are requesting a
Conditional Use Permit to operate a rustic retreat offering fee-based lodging and nature
activities in existing and planned structures on Route 623 between Route 605 and the
James River. Subject property, Tax Map #s 8(3)B, 8(3)B1, 16(A)2, 16(A)3 and 16(A)9,
is 274 acres in size and is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Hugh Radcliffe of Route 2, Box 94P Concord, Va. came forward and read a statement
prepared for this meeting.
February 22, 2005
Dear Memibers of the Board of Supervisors and Members of the Planning Commission,
My wife, Joan Rockwell, and I, Hugh Radcliffe, own 274 acres on State Route 623. We call it
Rockcliffe Farm.
We are certified under the Tree Farm Program and the Virginia Forest Stewardship Program.
We have been inspected by the Army Corps of Engineers for dam site approval and the inspector
said we have one of the larger acreages of inland wetlands.
We have been visited by the Ducks Unlimited site inspector for wildlife habitat improvement. He
thought we were doing good so far, keep it up.
We are members of the James River Association.
We have hosed the College of William and Mary Geology Department and the Lynchburg Gem
and Mineral Society has been visiting our property twice a year for several years.
We plan to continue providing our property to these and other groups.
Our most recent addition to our property was the purchase of the Snyder’s home and their 47
acres. This allowed the continued protection of more forestland. We plan to offer the house as a vacation
rental. :
We refer to this house as Rockcliffe Farm Lodge. We hope it will provide additional lodging and
a base from which to explore Appomattox County and other surrounding attractions.