216
Mr. Armbrust asked if Mr. Jobe would still be associated with the new franchise. Thereply was yes, he will continue to improve on the services that they offer.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Jobe for his continued service to the County.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approvethe following resolution:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes) ‘
Mr. Carter next called attention to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 3)
1. Request for Use of Courthouse Square, the Courthouse Parking Lot andCourtland Field: The Town of Appomattox is requesting permission to useCourthouse Square, the Courthouse Parking Lot and Courtland Field on October
8 and 9, 2005 for activities in conjunction with the Railroad Festival.
Since this has been allowed in the past with no major problems and they do providetheir own insurance, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to allow theTown of Appomattox use of Courthouse Square, the Courthouse Parking Lot andCourtland Field on October 8 and 9, 2005 in connection with the Annual Railroad
Festival. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes.
2. Meeting with the Treasurer and Commissioner of Revenue: A meeting
with the Board of Supervisors, the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Revenue
needs to be scheduled to discuss issues involved with the Personal Property Tax
Reimbursement from the State. They will both be available the week of October
17, 2005. Also, Ms. Ferguson is working on a request for proposal for
professional services for the next re-assessment.
The Board by consensus agreed to schedule this meeting for October 18, 2005 at 6:30
p.m. in the Old J & D. Courtroom. A special meeting notice will need to be issued.
3. Brunswick County Challenge: We have received an e-mail informing us that
Brunswick County has voted to donate $25,000.00 to the Hurricane Katrina relief
fund. They are challenging all Virginia localities to make some kind of
commitment. Sheriff Staples and the County Office Staff are collection items to
try to help victims of the hurricane.
Mr. Carter stated that since the Sheriff's Office and the County Office Staff are already
collecting for this cause, he knows we would like to do more, but right now, he does notfeel this is possible.
Mr. Moore feels we have enough problems meeting our present obligations. He feels
that if our citizens wish to make contributions on a voluntary basis, this is well and good.