510
On Monday, October 2, 2006, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order, welcomed everyone present and
asked Mr. Conrad to give the invocation, after which he asked everyone present to join
in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the Setting of the Agenda:
8A. Commissioner of Revenue
Mr. Carter then opened the meeting for the Citizen Public Comment Period: This
time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are
of importance or concern to the citizen.
Raymond Mullins, Falling River District: He has lived in the community a long time
and we have always talked about growth. There was a small step taken a few years
ago, with the purchase of the Industrial Park property. Nothing has been done since.
The county has to grow. We have to have jobs for our grandchildren. A lot of things
should have been done 25 to 30 years ago, he asks that we continue to have growth in
the county and vote yes on the water line.
Dr. Betty Siano, Falling River Acres: She has apologized to Mr. Moore for what she
is about to say here today. In addition to the waterline, she is very concerned about
growth in Appomattox County. Yesterday and today the News and Advance has had a
full page ad by a realtor in Campbell County who was against the Campbell County
authorities because they are trying to pass an ordinance that restricted some of the
development of properties in Campbell County. If you have not seen this ad, she begs
you to look at it and she begs you to take into consideration however you vote tonight
to enact zoning very quickly so that we are not overcome by housing development
rather than the desire to have manufacturing, shops or businesses that we are hoping to
have. One of the consequences of joining Campbell County, as she sees it is, and if you
saw the headlines today, it was all about Lakeside Center. Lakeside at first came to the
attention of their Board because they were interested in putting housing there for the
poor people. That soon got wiped away and now it is going to be another shopping
center and a “big box center”, as they call it. Are we going to become the source of