591
We, however, also have a lot of people in the county that own land and utilize this land
for income, but we have a situation that we are going to have to come to an agreement
on. It is important to note at this point, that everybody that has spoken to us, in one
way or another, their comments have been to help us in making a decision. He still
feels that we need totally objective comments as to how this will effect the county in the
short and long term. Again, he understands land use but we have until July 1* to make
a decision on this issue because of the re-assessment taking place in January, 2008.
We still have some issues that need to be dealt with. Our county has not grown nearly
as fast as projected. This has to be a part of the decision making process. We need to
find someone who can provide pros and cons on this issue. He feels the Board needs to
study all the information available in order to make a final decision. Also we need to
look at other counties similar to ours that have entered into this and some that did not,
and we need to know why? We need to be educated to every aspect of this issue and
understand it before we make a decision.
Mr. Moore would like to hear from other counties that have gone to Land Use Taxation
and what the end effect had on these localities. How has it impacted taxes? We have
learned that some counties do have it and others do not.
Mr. Armbrust stated we have listened to a lot of people speak on this subject. We have
received a lot of good information. The whole thing is the financial formula. We will not
know what the outcome will be until we actually put in the numbers. He is for the
farmers and he is for giving them a break, but we must understand where we are going
to get the money from to make up what we will lose. We learned from Mr. Mays that
construction is up from last year, but this does not generate a great deal of revenue.
He agrees with Mr. Conrad that we need to hear from someone who has implemented
this taxation and has had it in effect for five or so years to see whether it was good or
bad for the farmers and for the citizens.
Mr. Craft agrees with what Mr. Armbrust and Mr. Conrad both have stated. We must
have some final figures. We need to have a public comments session to receive
comments from everyone, not just the farmers.
Mr. Carter agrees with the other Board members. When this first surfaced, he thought it
was a genuine tax break for the farmer. What he understood from the last meeting, this
was basically for land conservation. He also feels we need to grasp all the information
we can before we make a decision that will affect us now and many years down the
road.
Ms. Ferguson made the comment that we do not have until July to make this decision.
We need to have some idea of what revenue we will gain or lose before we begin
working on the FY2008 budget, as this will be what we have to base our budget on.
Also, we will have no way of knowing how many farmers will sign up for this land use
tax break.
This issue will be placed on the agenda for the next meeting.
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Paul Lee to appear before the Board.