043
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile brought the Board’s attention to the information item
concerning Code of Virginia, Section 33.1-41.1. Mr. Carwile stated he
felt certain this section does apply to secondary road systems.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to research this item further.
Mr. Paulette then moved on to Additional Items for Consideration.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the Elementary School PTO for a
fence between the Advance Auto and the Elementary School.
A lengthy discussion followed. After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was
instructed to contact the PTO to see what type fence would be
satisfactory, get bids, and then have Mr. Lawson write a letter to Mr.
Wright requesting he construct this fence.
Mr. Paulette then presented a request for an appropriation from the
Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department of $80,469.73. This amount includes
$79,469.73 reimbursement from the insurance and $1,000.00 deductible.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate
$80,649.73 to the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department for repairs to fire
truck. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette presented an appropriation request from the Recreation
Committee for $3,085.00 to pour concrete pad under bleachers at the
ballpark.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $3,085.00 from the Ball Park Fund for the month of January
1996 to pour concrete pads under bleachers. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye;
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Paulette presented a request from the School Board for a $4,015.98
appropriation from the Athletic Fund.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to appropriate
$4,015.98 from the Athletic Complex Fund for the month of January,
1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next informed the Board that Clarke County was again
requesting a resolution on State Aid for Public Schools.
After discussion, no action was taken.