203
3. E-911 Progress Report: Bobby Wingfield showed the Board what the New
County Road Map would look like. The maps would be cut to normal sign and be
folded like the state and county maps. Mr. Wingfield explained that there are
also “Map Books” which will be placed in certain localities, the legend is done in a
grid system. Mr. Wingfield also discussed the possibility of charging for these
maps once they are available and the system is operable. He has checked with
some surrounding counties on what they charge for their maps. Amherst
County - $2.00; Campbell County - $5.00; and Bedford County- $2.00. To
reproduce these maps today the cost would be around $1.25. He is asking the
Board to decide on what amount, if any, should be charged for these maps.
Judging from requests we have already received from UPS, DHL, and other
companies doing business in the County, the present supply will not last long.
Ms. Ferguson asked if this charge would be for the average citizen or those persons just
coming in off the street. The Fire, Sheriff's and Rescue Squads would be furnished these
free of charge.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to place a
cost of $4.00 per map for the new County Road Maps. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Winfield stated that the State Road signs have been replaced, with the
exception of few that have been knocked down recently. Also, those roads that
the names were misspelled have been corrected. There are approximately 90
Private Road signs still to be put up. Also, the re-furbishing of the E911 Center is
progressing well. There was some discussion regarding this building.
The deadline for submitting applications for the Communications Supervisor
position will close on Friday, August 26, 2005.
4. Old Appomattox Elementary School Building: Ms. Ferguson stated that
they have attempted to repair the roof on the Carver-Price Alumni Association
part of the building. It is still leaking.
Also the Board needs to decide if they wish to apply for Historic Designation for
this building. In so doing, you are opening up and allowing The Carver-Price
Alumni Association as well as the County to apply for certain funding through
Historic Preservation. | There is a lot of work involved in completing the
application as well as some restrictions once you accept funding on what
renovations can be done.
Mr. Conrad stated that one of the things they we would need to utilize are grant
funds.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she was not asking the Board to dwell on this issue too
much tonight. HRH is looking at the whole building and what we can do and
once they begin making suggestions and moving forward, the Board will have to
determine how you want to proceed with this. That application is a very detailed