21s
trMr. Paulette next presented several supplemental appropriation requests.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate the
following:
$26.56 from the Special Library Fund
$3,008,896.57 for VPSA Loan on the Middle School
$2,667.00 from the Athletic Fund
$7,641.78 for Summer Youth Program
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette next explained that an executive session was necessary tc
discuss personnel.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into
executive session at 9:30 p.m. to discuss personnel. Vote: Mr.
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:23 p.m. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Bosiger, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if there was action necessary from the executive
session.
Hearing none, Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Carroll to provide information on
the proposed trip to Canada.
Mr. Carroll provided detailed cost on the proposed trip.