056
Absent (Board of Zoning Appeals):
Bruce Drinkard
Elizabeth Edwards
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Bill Caldwell, Clerk - Planning Commission
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. stated the purpose
of the hearing was to receive public comment on several zoning
petitions and gave the procedure for addressing comments to the Board.
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Caldwell, Clerk to the Planning Commission to
read petition number 96-278.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 96-278 of Steven T. Conner to rezone
property from A-1 to R-1. Property is part of Tax Map #76-A-29 and is
located on Route 642 between Route 727 and Dead End.
Mr. Moore called for comments for or against this petition.
Mr. Carroll Goodrich stood, gave his address as Appomattox, VA and
stated he had some questions concerning what the terms A-1 and R-1
meant.
Mr. Moore explained if Mr. Goodrich had questions, he should come to
the Planning Commission meeting to have these questions answered.
Mr. Steve Conner spoke then and stated he was actually improving this
area.
Mr. Moore called for other comments, hearing none he asked Mr. Caldwell
to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 96-279 of Dennis W. Torrence for a
Variance to paragraph 170-80A of Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance
pertaining to side yards setbacks for accessory buildings. Property is
zoned A-1 and is located on Route 627 between Route 631 and Route 616.
Mr. Moore called for comments.
Mr. Dennis Torrence came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Box
506, Appomattox, VA.
Mr. Torrence continued by saying he had sold one acre to a family
member and could not get the proper distance from two accessory
buildings to the property lines. Mr. Torrence stated if his request
were not approved, he would have to demolish one of the accessory
buildings. Mr. Torrence explained that both buildings were constructed
prior to zoning being adopted.
Mr. Moore called for other comments. Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mr.
Caldwell to read the next petition.