493
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
At 6:30 Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation, after which he asked everyone to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to the
American Flag.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were 3 items to be added to the Agenda.
9A. Appointment to Social Services Board
9B. VDOT Resolution
9C. Courtland Field Stage Ribbon Cutting
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was Citizen Public Comment Period:
This time is provided by the Board to allow citizen to appear and to discuss issues that
are of importance to the citizen.
Dr. Betty Siano, Appomattox, VA: Dr. Siano thanked the Board for allowing her to
speak. Water is not a privilege — it is a basic human need and this is the moment of
truth for the people of Appomattox. Dr. Siano referenced an article in the News &
Advance regarding the kind of things that are going into the James River and into the
Otter River and into every other source of land water, and they are so environmentally
infested that over 10,000 people have died of water related diseases. She is saying this
is the moment of truth because she understands that we don’t have the money to
pursue a lot of things we would like to pursue. But she will support anything and
everything to make Appomattox a better town. She has fought diligently and with every
bit of her passion about the waterline. She truly believes that her well, which does not
come with fluoride, and doesn’t have anything else, is the best source of water for her
family. Whatever decision you gentlemen make, she is ready to work with you and for
you to make this a better place to live.
Dr. Siano also stated that she received a letter recently, that opened her eyes wider
than they have been in 30 years. She joined American Express in 1964. After 42 years
of being a member and she doesn’t know how many citizens on the same system
received the same kind of letter that she got. It said that you are now being moved out
of the travel related services into the American Express Centurion Bank Services. She
wasn’t given the privilege to make this decision she just received a letter saying that
she was being changed. She called American Express immediately and stated she was
going to give up her membership after 42 years. Every American wants to have a say in
what is happening in their lives. She is asking the Board to restore the kind of passion,
the kind of life, that every Native American, everyone born in this country, so they will
know they do have the right to complain and you have given me that opportunity. Also,
that we do have the right to pursue what we believe is correct. She hopes that if we do
not get the waterline that you gentlemen will not feel that you have been defeated in
this. She thinks that God’s will is always victorious. She promises that you can count on
her. Thank you for your patience and your time.
Mr. Carter then called attention to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-9)