234
land and there is no way it would support fifty (50) wells or sewage systems. If this
request is approved, what will happen if problems develop later on when there is no
water on these lots or there is no water on his property - Who is responsible for this?
Are there any back-up plans? The land may support one dwelling per five (5) acres. He
is totally opposed to one (1) acre lots.
Michael L. Culpepper, 51 Berkshire Drive, Lynchburg, VA: Mr. Culpepper agrees
with Mr. Stratton. It would be a disaster if they are allowed to divide this property into
one (1) acre lots. He also agrees that five (5) acre lots would be best.
Thomas Schmutz, Route 2, Box 87, Concord, Va.: He is opposed to placing 57
houses on 57 acres of land right next to a dairy farm. He does not dairy farm and he
does not live near these people and is not related to them. We all know that cows moo
at five o'clock in the morning when milking time arrives, this will bother some people.
There are also flies associated with cows and there are barbed wire fences that people
can get cut on and electric fences where people can get shocked on. This property is
not conducive to a sub-division with fifty some homes. Farming operations create
complaints. There may also be water problems. At some point, a water line will have to
be run from Concord to the development, who is going to pay for this? Common sense
says you should not approve this petition for fifty some homes next to a dairy farm.
Jim Bondurant, Route 2, Box 506, Appomattox, Va.: Mr. Bondurant stated he
spent much of today looking up information on this petition. He found some things that
he is really concerned about. He is not sure who this L.L.C is. He knows the names of
the people who supposedly are in this corporation but he also found out at the Clerk’s
Office that L.L.C. does not own this property. He does not understand how we can let
this type of under-handed, back door type of stuff continue in Appomattox County. This
property is owned by Clayton Bryant according to the last deed filed at the Clerk’s
Office. There was not a deed anywhere on file with any of these three (3) peoples
names on it or this Corporation. He does not feel this is being up-front with the County
to even ask for a variance on a zoning in a situation like this. They should not have
been allowed to even carry on this from the very beginning because they are trying to
do it in a very under-handed way. This piece of land is also very drought stricken. It
will not produce enough water to support this number of homes. If I were to buy a lot
and cannot find water, who will back me up and repay me for this property? Will the
County be responsible? Another problem with this number of homes being built is how
many of these homes will have one to three children. How will this impact our school
system? We need to come up with another source of revenue for the County rather
than taxing people who own real estate. There is also a problem with water and
sewage. This proposed development is not beneficial to the Stonewall community, nor
the County, not to anyone else except those who are developing this property. We do
not need to be another Bedford County to Lynchburg. We cannot continue to take farm
land for use as residential purposes.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone else wished to speak for or against this petition.
Mr. Armbrust had a couple of questions for Mr. Warner: