054
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to have
Mr. Martin include these items in his FY97 budget request.
Discussion continued, that a four (4) wheel drive vehicle with blade
was necessary in order to keep container sites cleared after snow
storms.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session at 9:50 P.M. to discuss legal and personnel matters.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 11:10 P.M. Vote: Mr
Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Bosiger the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette asked if anyone wished to take action on the executive
session matters.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to take Mr. Donald
Martin off probation and increase his salary by 5% effective February
1996. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to write Emanuel Tire and explain they
must pay according to the original agreement.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to terminate Richard
Mayberry effective immediately. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, nay.