267
willingness to discuss the Central Purchasing concept. It is
gratifying to know that they are exercising a great degree of control
over the monies of their budgets.
Mr. Gragg highlighted several items that are included in the report and
thanked the Board from the committee members for the opportunity to
work on this project.
Mr. Carwile stated that the committee has done an excellent job and
their recommendations are sound. He is happy to know that there is da
system in place that would not require additional funding and that the
school is willing to work with the Board on this matter.
Mr. Jamerson expressed the Boards thanks to the committee for the
excellent study and stated this was something the Board needed to study
before taking action.
Mr. Gragg next requested the Board pass a resolution supporting
Lynchburg Neighborhood Development Foundations’ application for funding
to provide mortgage money to low income, first time home buyers in the
Central Virginia Planning District Commission area. Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
HEREAS, The Lynchburg Neighborhood Development Foundation (LNDF) ,
is applying for $1,600,000.00, in funding to provide mortgage
money to low income, first time home buyers in the Central
Virginia Planning District Commission Area, and
WHEREAS, the premise for lending these funds is that they must be
disbursed over the entire region, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County will be asked to 1) provide a member of the
Central Virginia Regional Loan Fund Advisory Committee and to
participate in the Central Virginia Regional Loan Review
Committee, 2) identify potential housing producers and
potential areas of development, 3) assist Central Virginia
Planning District Commission in marketing the program in
Appomattox County, and 4) assist in identification of Community
Groups who are appropriate for providing the pre and post
purchase counseling, and
WHEREAS, no financial obligation is being requested from any local
government or the Central Virginia Planning District Commission,
BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby adopt this RESOLUTION SUPPORTING the
regional loan application being submitted by the Lynchburg
Neighborhood Development Foundation, under the terms outlined
above.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.