128
Board members for their review. Mr. Peterson added Mr. Adams was to)
soon visit the County’s landfill and review the operations on site.
Mr. Jamerson explained there was further information regarding the
Consent Decree he would like to discuss in executive session since
litigation is still pending. Being no further questions for Mr.
Peterson, Mr. Jamerson asked for a motion to enter into an executive
session.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code
of Virginia enter into an executive session to discuss personnel
matters and receive legal advice of counsel. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 9:52 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the Following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meet:ing was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox county Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the executive meeting were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that competitive
sealed bids or competitive negotiations may be required by the Board of
Supervisors for purchases under $15,000.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson reported another meeting with the Department of Waste
Management in Richmond has been scheculed for 10:00 A.M. Thursday
February 11, 1993 and invited all Board members to attend if possible.
Mr. Jamerson stated he, the landfill engineer (Mr. Earl Dickerson), Mr.