521
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Sanderson and Mr. Siegel and then presented Administrative Item
#1 —Adoption of the Amended Solid Waste Ordinance and explained that they have the corrected
version of this with amendments that is ready for adoption. Chairman Conrad stated that a
public hearing had been held on April 20", 2009 on the proposed amendments and had received
not public comments. Chairman Conrad stated that Mr. Overstreet has stated that he had several
additional changes that he has noted that will need changing.
Mr, Overstreet stated that he has several minor changes that were noted at the Public Hearing,
but did not get changed in the final copy. Mr. Overstreet stated the changes that were missed are
being changed. After the noted changes, Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the corrected
version of the Solid Waste Ordinance. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no
further discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye, Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #3 — Refund Request and explained that
Mr. Don Scott is requesting-a refund in the amount of $200.00 where he had paid for a variance
to the Zoning Ordinance due to a rear yard setback and after review it was determined that a
variance was not necessary. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending refunding Mr.
Scott $200.00 for the application fee he paid. Chairman Conrad called for comment from the
Board.
Hearing no comments from the Board Mr. Moore made a motion to refund Mr. Don Scott
$200.00 for application fee on a variance application. Mr, Tanner seconded Mr. Moore’s
motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Tanner, aye
Mr. Tanner stated that we missed Administrative Item#2, Chairman Conrad went back and
presented Administrative Item #2 — Utility Update and explained that Mr. Roark will be updating
the Board on the utility progress and also review the enclosed MOU with the Town concerning
sanitary sewer service.
Chairman Conrad called on’Mr. Roark to appear before the Board to give his update on the
Utility project.
Mr. Roark stated that the survey is 85% complete on the Utility Project and the Preliminary
Design is approximately 50% complete. Mr. Roark stated that they are anticipating the end of
May finishing the design which would rely solely on MISS UTILITY to get this accomplished.
Mr. Roark explained that multiple property owners had been met with concerning the booster
pump station and tank and we have four alternatives that we can seriously consider and two
additional alternatives that are back up plans. Mr. Roark stated that Hurt & Proffitt are currently
evaluating the four areas and will be reporting to the Board with a recommendation on which
particular lot we should pursue. Mr. Roark stated that there are two location alternatives that are
being pursued for the tank site.