422
It was the consensus of the Board to have Mr. Overstreet and Ms. Ferguson engage in an
investigation to establish a policy on this.
Mr. Tanner stated that he is in full agreement with Mr. Carter in saying that we need to have a
policy on this.
Chairman Conrad next presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Bills
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
County Administrator
Building and Housing
FUND TRANSFER:
Sports Complex Fund
LINE ITEM TRANSFER:
County Administrator
Hearing no discussion on the Consent Agenda, Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the Consent
Agenda as submitted. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion,
Chairman Conrad called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented the Information Items and called for discussion.
Hearing no discussion on the Informational Items, Chairman Conrad called for Supervisors
Concems.
Mr. Craft stated that he had received a call from Bryan David on the Regions 2000 Economic
Development Board and Buddy Conner no longer wishes to serve on this committee. The Board
will need to appoint someone to replace him; also, the Chairman or his designee serves on this
Board. Mr. Craft stated that he had been serving on this committee and he is willing to continue
serving. Mr. Carter made a motion that the Board appoint Mr. Craft to serve on the Region 2000
Economic Development Board. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion, Hearing no
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Carter stated that if the Board was going to continue meeting in the County Administration
Building could it be possible to move the table so that the Board is facing the audience.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would check into this.
Mr. Tanner asked the Board to keep the Mawyer family in their thoughts and prayers after the
tragic hunting accident this weekend.