035
Torrence stated the purpose of the hearing and explained the
procedure. Mr. Torrence then asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
first petition to be considered. Mr. Caldwell read
Conditional Use Application 92-169 of Julie Burge. Ms. Burge
is asking to be permitted to operate a Beauty Shop as a home
occupation. The Beauty Shop is to be operated in one (1)
room of the main dwelling located on Route 691 between Route
647 and Route 643. The property is zoned R-1.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the petitioner. There being
no response, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from those opposing
or favoring the petition. There being no response, Mr.
Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition to be
considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-170 of Margaret M. Glover to
rezone the property of Mrs. Percy Carter Estate DB 143 page
10. The petition seeks to change the Zoning from R-1 to R-2
to permit the existing structure to be used as offices by
Farm Bureau. The property is located on Linden Street
between Lee Grant Avenue and the Norfolk Southern Railroad
Right-of-Way.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the petitioner. Mrs. Glover
stated their’s waS a very quiet business that would not
disturb the neighbors. Mr. Torrence then asked to hear
comments from others. There being no response, Mr. Torrence
asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-171 of Paul and Faye Bugg to
rezone the property of Edna Anderson Estate from R-1 to R-2
to permit the construction of a single family dwelling with
basement apartment and a four (4) unit apartment building.
The property is located on lLee-Grant Avenue between Maple
Street and Ferguson Street.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from the petitioner. There being
no response, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from those opposing
the petition. Mr. James C. Sefter, adjacent property
owner,spoke in opposition. Mr. Sefter wondered why have
zoning if zones were changed any time property owners
desired. Mr. Sefter also questioned if this change would be
considered spot zoning. Mr. Sefter then stated R-1 was
defined as a quite low density residential area and that was
how he would like to preserve the area. He further stated
R-2 was defined as medium to high density housing and felt
this would change the character of the neighborhood. Mr.
Sefter continued by pointing out apartments on this property
would increase traffic and noise and create potential for
other problems like those recently experienced at other
apartment buildings located in the Town. Mr. Sefter
concluded by pointing out there were very few areas within
the Town zoned R-1 and he felt those left should be
preserved. Also, Mr. Sefter informed the Board he knows of
others opposing this rezoning application.
Mrs. Debbie Powell of 113 Maple Street, Appomattox, Virginia,
spoke next in opposition to the rezoning. Mrs. Powell lives