284
Mr. Mays answered that you would not have that percentage of increase
in that short time. Mr. Mays continued by stating that you see the
majority of increase in your last two (2) years of the six (6) year
schedule.
Mr. Mays indicated that reassessment was nothing but fumbling with
figures, the key is the tax rate.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Mays and called Mr. Peterson,
Solid Waste Administrator.
Mr. Peterson presented the Board with a hand out of gate activity for
the month of September 1993.
Mr. Peterson continued by explaining that he is continuing to put
garbage in Cell "I" and has covered a little less than 1/3 of the
bottom of the cell.
Mr. Jamerson commented on the letter requesting a variance to continue
to put garbage in Cell "I". He stated that the language of the letter
was almost verbatum to what Jim Adams suggested be put in the letter.
Mr. Carwile questioned that with the extension that has been granted,
was it necessary to request a variance?
Mr. Jamerson indicated that it was necessary in order to keep us in the
10 year rather than the 30 year requirements.
Mr. Carwile stated his concern over the cost per ton of disposing of
garbage. Mr. Carwile felt that we could do better per ton if we took
our garbage elsewhere for disposal.
Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Peterson if he was aware of regulations that went
into effect on October 9, 1993 concerning the installation of expensive
pollution prevention equipment. Mr. Carwile wondered if Mr. Peterson
had any information of this subject.
Mr. Peterson indicated that what they were talking about were
regulations contained in House Bill 1205.
Mr. Carwile shared with the Board that he had received information that
Floyd and Smyth counties were shipping their trash to North Carolina;
Washington, Buchannan, Tazewell and Russell counties are shipping their
waste to Tennessee; Salem, Bath and Craig counties send theirs to
Chambers in Amelia now, most recently, he understands, that Buckingham,
Cumberland, Charlotte and Brunswick counties have signed contracts with
Chambers in Amelia for an average of about $32.00 per ton. Mr. Carwile
wanted the Board to know what our neighboring counties and counties all
around us are doing. Mr. Carwile questioned Mr. Peterson that in the
overall operation of Appomattox County landfill, what areas are waste
possibly entering monetary streams and what can be done in the overall
operation to enhance and make it more cost efficient. Mr. Carwile
expressed that he did not expect an answer at this time, he just wanted
Mr. Peterson to realize that he would be tracking cost to know what the