356
that he be allowed to have a few minutes of the Board’s time after
everyone else finished with questions and/or comments.
Mr. Torrence addressed Mrs. Belter, Treasurer, and asked if she had an
idea of how the additional one million dollars for jail expansion woul
affect the County financially considering the other recent school
expansions that the Board has approved.
bor)
Mrs. Belter stated that she was truly concerned with taking on a large
additional debt at this time. She would hate to see the County get in
the position of having to borrow to meet operating expenses again.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Belter and Mrs. Ferguson to try to determine
how much debt service payment the County would have annually on
approximately one million dollars over a period of ten (10) and twenty
(20) years.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Board. Mr. Carwile acknowledged the
information that the sheriff had presented and explained that he had
studied this information at great length. Mr. Carwile stated that on
the Federal, State and local level officials are taking a stand to "get
tough on crime". Mr. Carwile continued that he wanted the Board of
Supervisors to proceed now to take care of this jail overcrowding
problem. Mr. Carwile stated that Sheriff Richardson had shown the
Board it must recognize that this is a justified need and that it is
incumbent upon the Board to see that this need is met, "it has been
long overdue". Mr. Carwile presented a letter from Sheriff Richardson
dated February 24, 1993 stating the need for jail expansion. Mr.
Carwile said that the Sheriff and his staff have met with the Board
numerous times over the last eighteen months and explained, in great
detail, what the needs are and that the Board is liable for anything
that may result due to the needs not being met. Mr. Carwile continued
by recommending to the Board that they accept the request for Phase 1B
and that they also accept phase 2B, and he feels when they are put out
on competitive bid the projected dollar figures will come in
considerably lower. Mr. Carwile also stated that as Mrs. Beasley had
stated "by the time the construction is complete, the jail will alread
be obsolete". Mr. Carwile reminded the Board that it is incumbent upo
them to meet the needs of the County and that they should quit draggin
their feet, make a decision and go out for bids as soon as possible.
Mr. Carwile recommends that the Board hold a special meeting to handle
the details of financing. Mr. Carwile stated that in his opinion the
jail is a MUST.
inve}
Mr. Torrence asked if the other Board members had any comments they
would like to make.
Mr. Paulette explained that his main concern would be how much the debt
service, on this money, would be per year.
Mrs. Beasley, also stated, that she would have to look at some numbers
before she could make a decision.