280
Mr. Dickerson stated that he thinks the County will need to go ahead and set up a Public
Service Authority. He also stated that he has heard no discussion on who will be
collecting the revenue.
He stated that current revenue is collected by the Town. He stated that he would think the
County would want this revenue.
Mr. Dickerson thinks the County is going to be looking at a Public Service Authority
sooner than the Board is thinking.
Chairman Craft ask Mr. William Slagle if he had any comments for the Board.
Mr. William Slagle, Chairman, Economic Development Authority urged the Board to
move ahead while commending the Board for the action taken so far and feels it is the
right thing to do for the County and Town citizens.
Chairman Craft stated that the Board needs a proposal to offer the Town.
Mr. Tanner stated that we need to take segments of the letter and go with certain bullets
as mentioned.
Ms. Ferguson ask the Board to go back over the bullets that they want in the proposal so
that she has complete understanding on what she will be offering the Town.
Mr. Tanner stated that the Board needed to refer to the letter from the Economic
Development Authority and start from that.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board will be working from the October 26, 2007 letter from
W.S. Slagle and the following bullets should be included within the letter proposal that
will be drafted by Ms. Ferguson.
1- That the County of Appomattox constructs and owns the proposed water line from
Concord to the Town of Appomattox.
2- That a master water meter be installed on the water line at the Appomattox Town
boundary.
3- That the County sell the metered water at it real cost to the Town of Appomattox.
4- That the Town contract to purchase water (as metered by the master meter) from
the County and continue to meter water to Town customers and to establish its
own rate structure for Town customers. The County rate structure for the Town
and for other customers is predicated on the premise that all debt service would be
paid totally by the water customers. All grant monies from both the Town and
County would be used to reduce the water rates to customers.