560
Mr. Roark explained that the amendments the Board has before them will be adding Section 5.24
Public Utility Lots because we do not have an ordinance to create lots which would allow the
County to buy the land needed for the tank or pump station without having to purchase a larger
lot that is not needed.
Mr. Roark also explained the amendments to the subdivision ordinance that he is proposing and
called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Roark stated that he would like the Board to schedule a public hearing on these proposed
amendments for the second meeting in July.
Mr. Overstreet stated that maybe we could restore these amendments for advertisement and then
hold the public hearing and hear how the public would want these changed.
It was consensus of the Board to hold a public hearing on July 20" on the proposed amendments.
Mr. Roark next explained that the Planning Commission has completely re-written the zoning
ordinance and he would like the Board to schedule a special called meeting to go over this
zoning ordinance. Mr. Roark stated that he would like the Board to schedule this meeting on
July 7" at 5:30 p.m. to go over changes and have discussion. It was consensus of the Board to
have the Special called meeting on July 7, 2009 at 5:30 PM in the County Administrators
meeting room.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #5 — Zoning Petitions and explained that
the Board would now be making a decision on the petitions that were heard tonight during the
public hearing.
Chairman Conrad presented the first petition CUP09003-Edward & Carol Lawler, applicant,
requesting a conditional use permit to locate a swim club on property located at 372 Hidden
Treasure Lane (TM# 91 (A) 13) in the Clover Hill Magisterial District. The property is zoned A-
1, Agricultural. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Overstreet stated that it is his understanding that zoning is not based on an individual but a
business and he feels that Condition #1 which states “If the property is sold or leased, thereby
becoming a secondary residence for petitioner, then the conditional use permit will become
invalid” be removed.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve Petition CUP09003-Edward & Carol Lawler with
removing the Condition that states “If the property is sold or leased, thereby becoming a
secondary residence for petitioner, then the conditional use permit will become invalid of the
Conditional Use Permit” as approved by the Planning Commission. Mr. Carter seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing no other discussion, Chairman
Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.