395
Mr. Conrad stated that he would be interested in attending this course, but he would like
some more information.
Mr. Carter asked what the cost of this course would be and what the schedule would be.
Mr. Tanner stated that he is interested in attending this also but ask Ms. Ferguson to
check the schedule and the cost of this course.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #4 — Meeting Scheduled for 2009.
Chairman Craft explained that this schedule was for reviewing and did not need to be
approved at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like the Board to consider having all the Board meetings
at the Community Center instead of the County Administration Building. Mr. Carter
explained that an enhanced audio system was now in place at the Community Center and
that we have a lot of issues coming up and will need as much space as possible. Mr.
Carter stated that he would like the Board to consider this request.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5 — “Safe Routes to School” Resolution.
Mr. Carter stated that Ms. Hitchcock had done a good job on this and he is in full support.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the “Safe Route to School Resolution”. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Resolution of Support
Town of Appomattox Application to the
Virginia Department of Transportation-Safe Routes to School Program
WHEREAS, Appomattox County is committed to increasing pedestrian access to
resources within the County and is committed to increasing health lifestyle opportunities
for its residents and families; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox Count, in partnership with the Town of Appomattox and the
Appomattox Courthouse National Historical Park, formed the Appomattox Heritage and
Recreational Trail Planning Team, AHRTPT, to investigate opportunities for creating
pedestrian connections within the community; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has adopted The Appomattox Heritage and
Recreational Trail Plan — A Vision of Connectivity and the Appomattox Greenway
Master Plan — A Vision for Your Future as guiding planning documents to develop
pedestrian travel within the community.