209
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s meeting room Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday June 14, 1993.
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District (late)
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. and asked Mr. Carwile to give the invocation.
Mr. Jamerson called Sandra Lindsey, Resident Engineer, Virginia
Department of Transportation. Mrs. Lindsey began by asking the Board
to pass a resolution to close the bridge over Plain Run Branch, Route
627, for repairs. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to pass the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held the annual
Secondary Road Budget Hearing on April 12, 1993, after publishing
notice in the TIMES VIRGINIAN newspaper once a week for two (2)
consecutive weeks and posting Notice of Hearing at the front door
of the Appomattox Court House ten (1) days before the hearing, and
WHEREAS, those members of the public attending said hearing were given
the opportunity to participate in and make requests for new roads
and improvements, and
WHEREAS, the proposed Secondary Road Budget Priority List for 1993-1994
was read into the record at said hearing for all in attendance to
hear.
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the attached Secondary Road Priority
List for Appomattox County for 1993-94 is hereby approved by this
Board.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
After discussion concerning Virginia Department of Transportation
activities Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mrs. Janet Belter, Treasurer and Mr. Monte
Mays, Commissioner of Revenue to appear before the Board. Mrs. Belter
presented the Board with financial information for the County. After
reviewing this information with Mrs. Belter, the Board addressed the
issue of biannual real estate tax billing. After discussion Mr.
Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs. Belter and Mr. Mays.