637
Chairman Conrad called for Public Comment, hearing no public comment; Chairman Conrad
called on Mr. Mike Womack, Forest Management Specialist to appear before the Board to give
his annual report and also to present the Board with a check for the County’s share of revenues
from the State Forest.
Mr. Womack came forward and stated that historically the State Forest gives 25% back to the
County, but the General Assembly has now changed that to 12.5% keeping the other half and
using the funds for enhancement of the recreation activities in the State Forest.
Mr. Womack stated that in the past year they have used the money for enhancing recreation by
cutting back the brush for hiking trails. They have also created some new maps and brochures of
the recreational areas in the State Forest. Mr. Womack stated that they have also constructed day
use areas which provide parking for horse trailers.
Mr. Womack stated that during the last General Assembly Session they enacted a change for the
State Park this year which is a user permit and it is going to require you to have a permit not only
for hunting, but to trap, fish, mountain bike ride and horse ride on the State Park which will be
state wide.
Mr. Womack called for questions or comments from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that he had someone tell him about an abundance of their hardwood trees dying
and questioned if they had noticed the same in the State Park.
Mr. Womack stated that he has not noted any of that in the State Park and it must be an isolated
area that this is happening in. Mr. Womack stated that if this citizen wanted someone to come
and look at his trees that he could contact Rick Butler at the Appomattox Forestry Office.
Mr. Womack called for other questions or concerns. Hearing none; he presented the Board with a
check in the amount of $23,490.35.
Mr. Conrad thanked Mr. Womack for his annual report and also for the check in the amount of
$23,490.35.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#1- Blue Ridge Regional Jai! Authority
Resolution and explained that the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority had received approval
from the Commonwealth of Virginia to fund 50% of the eligible construction cost for the new
jail in Amherst and since the State is probably ending this program we will be lucky to get in
under the wire for this 50% reimbursement. Chairman Conrad stated that the State will only give
their 50% after the construction is finished, so the Authority needs to borrow the localities share
in long term bonds and the State share in short term notes, which will be repaid when we get our
State reimbursement. Chairman Conrad stated that construction bids have been received and
they are very favorable, so it is time to go ahead with the borrowing. Chairman Conrad stated
that our financial advisor is recommending that we refund some of our old debt in the same