471
After answering several questions the Board thanked Mr. Winston and
called Wayne Bowman and Mike Griffin to report to the Board.
Mr. Bowman gave a report on private forest lands in the County. He
gave an estimate of between 1400 and 1800 acres of planted pines that
were damaged during ice storms. Mr. Bowman continued by saying that hé
asked to appear before the Board to present the County with a check for
25% of their income in lieu-of-taxes, which was $54,245.00 for FY95.
Mr. Bowman explained that this payment would not remain this high, but
was due to ice and wind storms this past year.
B-¥
Being nothing further for Messers. Bowman, Winston and Griffin, Mr.
Torrence thanked and excused them.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Peterson if he would mind allowing
representatives from the Community Center Board to go before him.
Mr. Peterson indicated that this would not be a problem.
Mr. Torrence then asked Ms. McCoy, Mr. Robinson and Mr. Mitchell to
appear before the Board and asked Supervisor Carwile if he would like
to begin with an introduction as a member of the Community Center Board.
Mr. Carwile began by explaining to the Board of Supervisors that the
Community Center Board was limited as far as the action that they could
take without Board of Supervisors’ approval. Therefore, the Community
Center Board, being concerned with the best interest of the citizens
have a proposal that he asked Ms. McCoy to present, for Board approval
Ms. McCoy began by thanking the Board of Supervisors for their time and
explained that they came before the Board asking that a tract of land,
owned by Irie and Pam Mays, adjoining Community Center property be
purchased by the County to install a Junior Olympic size swimming
pool. This property contains .92 acres and the Mays are asking
$50,000.00. Ms. McCoy continued by explaining that there is a need for
a swimming pool in the area to accommodate the number of children
wishing to take swimming lessons.
Ms. McCoy hopes that the Board of Supervisors will seriously consider
purchasing this property.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Carwile mentioned that he had one other item which he would like to
discuss. Mr. Carwile continued by explaining that the scale tickets at
the landfill were not consecutively numbered and he felt this was not a
good practice for the County. Mr. Carwile presented a ticket for
review by the other Board members. After review, discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion that scale tickets be
purchased with consecutive numbers, they be issued through the County
Administrator, the County Administrator then be responsible to check
the tickets when they come through the office and if numbers are