489
The Board thanked Mr. Roark for the hard work that he has put forth in this project.
Being no further business Mr. Craft made a motion to adjourn the special called meeting at 6:55
p.m. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
rund
Thomas H. Conrad, Chairman
On Wednesday, April 1, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
special called meeting in the County Administration Conference room located on 153A Morton
Lane, Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mr. William H. Craft -Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (arrived at 6:30 p.m.)
Mr. Gary W. Tanner ~ Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Mr. Johnnie Roark — Planner
Mr. John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Chairman Conrad called the special called meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:00 p.m. Chairman Conrad stated that he and Ms. Ferguson had met
with Davenport today and they will be attending the Board meeting on Monday, April 6, 2009 to
meet with the Board and will be providing some information that he feels will be very helpful in
working with the budget.
Chairman Conrad thanked Ms. Ferguson and Ms. Phelps for the hard work and time that they
had put into working on this budget and he then turned the meeting over to Ms. Ferguson to
begin budget discussion.
Ms. Ferguson started by saying with a few exceptions like the Economic Development budget,
and a small budget for Emergency Services that she has recognized had been left out, everything
else is in the budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that based on this budget and proposed revenues it appears that the Board
will need to increase real estate tax rate by six cents per one hundred.