509
required contract in order that said eligible current and future
retirees of the County of Appomattox may participate in the benefit
allowance increase as provided for in the Code of Virginia. In
execution of any contract which may be required, the seal of the County
of Appomattox shall be affixed and attested by the Clerk, and said
officers of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors are authorized
and directed to pay over to the Treasurer of Virginia from time to time
such sums as are due to be paid by the County of Appomattox, Virginia
for this purpose.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Dennis Gragg for an
appointment to the Regional Disability Services Board. Miss Kristie
Page has been serving on this Board and no longer wishes to serve.
Miss Page’s term expires October 31, 1994.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appoint Mr. Bookie Johnson to the Regional Disability Services Board
for a term of three years, beginning November 1, 1994. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson asked the Board of Supervisors if they would like to pass
a resolution to send to VA Power requesting a service person be placed
in Appomattox County. Mrs. Ferguson continued by explaining that the
Town of Appomattox had already passed such a resolution.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, our local citizens are experiencing difficulty communicating
to the proper person either in the Farmville office or other offices of
Virginia Power during storms and emergencies; and
WHEREAS, Virginia Power revenues have increased over the years and
Virginia Power has diligently improved the service to our community; and
WHEREAS, it is of the utmost urgency to our citizens that a service
person be readily accessible to properly service the Virginia Power
consumers in our area; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox is ever seeking avenues to assist our
citizens; and
NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved the County of Appomattox Board of
Supervisors respectfully requests that a Service Representative be
assigned full time to Appomattox County and the Town of Appomattox and
be required to live in the County.
VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.