236
Mr. Tanner stated that he is aware that if land use is not adopted by June 30, 2008 that it
will not qualify for the following year. Mr. Tanner stated that already 75 counties have
adopted land use and he would like it to be on the Board’s agenda for discussion.
Mr. Moore also stated that he agreed with Mr. Tanner and something needs to be done
and he is glad that Mr. Tanner has brought this issue up again.
Mr. Conrad stated that every year the State is funding less and less and have not lessened
the requirements and the County has to make up the difference.
Mr. Conrad stated that he had spoken with Mr. Abbitt about how the state is withdrawing
more and more funds and told him that the State has got to realize that there to many
politics involved and it is hurting the citizens.
Chairman Craft stated that he had received information from the National Association of
Counties which included a list of counties in Virginia that is having financial difficulties
and five out of the six of them blamed it on the tax money not coming in from the State.
Chairman Craft stated that Mr. Bryan David had been selected to replace Mr. Lee Cobb
as Economic Development Council Executive Director.
Chairman Craft presented the upcoming meetings.
Chairman Craft called for a recess at 7:20 p.m. before starting into a budget work session.
Chairman Craft called the budget work session to order at 7:27 p.m.
Ms. Ferguson explained that she has incorporated all changes made by the board at the
last budget session and refigured the revenue with the proposed tax rate at 0.49.
Ms. Ferguson provided the budget synopsis which will be published in this week’s Times
Virginian.
Mr. Conrad questioned if the synopsis is in stone or can it be changed from what is
advertised.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Board is under no obligation to hold the tax rate at this
rate until the budget is adopted. Ms. Ferguson explained that this is the purpose of the
public hearing. Ms. Ferguson explained that the budget can be amended as we go along.
Mr. Conrad stated that he spoke with the County Administrator and is concerned with the
tax rate being set at .49 per 100.
Mr. Conrad stated that taxes have been raised three out of the last four years one way or
another. Mr. Conrad stated that every time we turn around the State is stating that they
are not going to fund us for something. Mr. Conrad stated that we have the school system