314
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the public hearing to order at 6:00 p.m. and explained the purpose of the
public hearing would be to receive public comment on proposed ordinance changes.
Chairman Craft pointed out that the Community Center now has a new sound system which will
make hearing better for the Board and the audience.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Roark and asked him to give a statement on the proposed
ordinance changes.
Mr. Roark stated that these amendments were discussed at the last Board meeting and the
proposed changes have been properly advertised.
Mr. Roark stated that he had one telephone call which was on the Areas of Disturbed Land
Threshold from Mr. Tommy O’Brien who was in opposition to this proposed amendment. Mr.
Roark stated he has had no other comments or calls regarding these proposed changes.
Chairman Craft ask the Board if they had any questions for Mr. Roark.
Mr. Tanner noted the proposed policy on political signs would then be treated no differently than
any other temporary sign. Mr. Roark stated that was correct based on the Attorney General
stating that the time limit was unconstitutional.
Mr. Kevin O’Brien came forward and gave his address as 5605 Old Courthouse Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. O’Brien stated that he had checked with surrounding Counties on
their Erosion and Sediment ordinances and all of them are still at the state level of 10,000 square
feet of land disturbance. Mr. O’Brien stated that he is questioning why Appomattox County
would want to go to the 5,000 square feet and not just enforce the 10,000 square feet ordinance
that we now have in place. Mr. O’Brien stated that he feels this is more of a police issue than an
ordinance issue. Mr. O’Brien stated that he sees a lot of land disturbance issues going on and
calls them in when he sees this. Mr. O’Brien stated that if he as a general contractor has to abide
by the ordinance citizens should have to do the same. Mr. O’Brien stated that he feels the 10,000
square feet is adequate and the problem lies within enforcement and policing of the ordinance.
Mr. O’Brien stated that having Phillip Moore employed as the E& S Specialist will help the
County tremendously.
Mr. O’Brien also stated that the County may have to make examples out of some of those who
do not want to abide by the ordinance.
Chairman Craft called for other comments, hearing no other comments, Chairman Craft closed
the public hearing at 6:04 p.m.