2914
THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors recognizes the month of October, 1993, as AFFORDABLE
HOUSING AWARENESS MONTH.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up the function of the Community Center Board
of Directors for discussion.
Mr. Carwile began by stating that after the Community Center Board of
Directors reviewed the definitions of the various Boards from the Code
of Virginia, they had a much better understanding as to the reason they
only had certain responsibilities. Mr. Carwile expressed that some of
the members had felt that previous Boards had limited their authority,
but after reading the excerpt from the Code of Virginia they understood
the reasoning behind the Boards actions.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up for discussion whether the Board wished to
go out for bids on the liability and auto insurance for next year.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
continue our insurance coverage for another year with Cabell Insurance.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented a request from Ms. Smith, Registrar, for
approval to attend the VRAV Annual meeting. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve for the Registrar to attend the VRAV
Annual meeting. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next, Mr. Jamerson read a request for two (2) members of the Planning
Commission to attend the Certification Course at VPI-SU. After
discussion and considering that this is included in the Planning
Commission’s budget, no action was necessary.
Mr. Jamerson next presented the Board with an offer from Kellerco to
make a presentation to the Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors
on technical support for highway planning. After discussion, the Board
by consensus, declined this offer.
A request from New York Life to offer a supplemental group retirement
program to county employees was discussed. After discussion, the Board
by consensus agreed that the County had sufficient programs to enhance
employee benefits.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up the question of additional parking for the
Courthouse Complex. Mr. Steve Lawson may have property to lease beside
the Sheriff’s Department that could be used to help solve our present
parking problems. After a lengthy discussion, the Board by consensus
agreed to defer this matter for further study.
Mr. Jamerson introduced the next item for discussion which is the
filling of the County Administrator’s position.