238
E. Any ordinance opening, relocating, closing, altering 6
naming any streets or alleys.
F. Any ordinance relative to salaries, wages or compensation 4
bonds of county officers and employees or to members or employees oO
county boards or commissions.
ro)G. Any ordinance relative to annexation of territory to tl
county or relative to the change, expansion or contraction of th
corporate boundaries of the county.
H. Any ordinance adopted subsequent to March 8, 1993.
Section 1-4. Severability.
It is hereby declared to be the intention of the Board 9
Supervisors that the sections, paragraphs, sentences, clauses an
phrases of this ordinance and of the Code are severable, and if an
phrase, clause, sentence, paragraph or section of this ordinance 4
such Code shall be declared unconstitutional or invalid by the vali
judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisidiction, sud
unconstitutionality or invalidity shall not affect any of the remainin
phrases, clauses, sentences, paragraphs and sections of this ordinano
or of such Code.
Section 1-5. Copies on file.
Three (3) copies of the Code shall be filed in the office 6
County Administrator and be made available to persons desiring 4
examine the same.
Section 1-6. General penalty.
A. Wherever in this Code or in any ordinance or resolution
the county or any rule or regulation or order promulgated by ai
officer or agency of the county under authority duly vested in him
if any act is prohibited or is declared to be unlawful or an offense
misdemeanor or the doing of any act is required or the failure to
any act is declared to be unlawful or any offense or a misdemeanor al
no specific penalty is provided for the violation thereof, t
violation of any such provision of this Code or of any such ordinanc.
resolution, rule, regulation or order shall be punished as a Class
misdemeanor.
(1) Sah a Tw aL I SD
B. Each day any violation of this Code or any such ordinanc
resolution, rule, regulation or order shall continue shall constitut
except where otherwise provided, a separate offense.
OD:
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Lawson requested the Board approve funds for him to attend th
annual Commonwealth’s Attorney Conference. Mrs. Beasley made a motio
oQOFTaRKY amOo@aonRRKMh
ie
n