366
explained that they had initially applied for $150,000.00 and received $138,000.00 and
also received the funds much sooner than planned.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we now have an edge up on everyone else since they have already
funded us the $150,000.00.
Mr. Roark stated that this grant application would need to be submitted by November.
It was the decision of the Board to table this item until the October 20, 2008 meeting.
Chairman Craft stated that Mr. Conrad wished to address the other members of the Board
regarding a letter he has received from Delegate Watkins Abbitt advising that there would be
great reductions in local funds for the next fiscal year. Mr. Abbitt stated that is would be prudent
for any locality to put off any new spending and to start looking at existing programs where you
may be able to save money. Mr. Abbitt stated that if the State revenue continues to worsen there
could be even deeper cuts in State funding to localities. Mr. Abbitt has stated that he would keep
the Board advised as he continues to receive updates from the Governor and the budget
department.
Mr. Conrad stated that he does not think there is any question that this budget is going to be a
very difficult task and we may have to look at cutting some things in the County.
Mr. Tanner thanked Mr. Abbitt for the letter and stated that he does not feel that we have seen
the bottom yet and it is going to be painful on the federal, state and local levels and we need to
be very prudent as we move forward.
Mr. Craft presented a letter from Mr. Slagle of the EDA wanting to schedule a work session to
receive input on the proposed Economic Development position.
Chairman Craft presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Bills
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
Commonwealth’s Attorney
Supplement by consent and appropriate $202.16 to 2201-5504 Travel and Education for
reimbursement received for hotel room adjustments.
Sheriff’s Department
Supplement by consent and appropriate $1095.26 to 3102-1002 Overtime and $90.72 to 3102-
2001 FICA in the Sheriff’s budget.
Also, supplement by consent and appropriate the following to the Sheriff’s budget for
reimbursements received: