460
all things into consideration that she feels it would be too cumbersome for the Board to
engage in at this time. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that after she reviewed their requirements she could not see a simple
way to make this happen. Mrs. Ferguson stated that she would notify them that we
simply do not have the staff to participate with this.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7A — Resolution for Regional Solid
Waste Management Plan and stated that staff recommends approving this resolution.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing no discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion
to adopt the Resolution for Regional Solid Waste Management Plan. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
RESOLUTION
FOR ACCEPTANCE OF THE
REGION 2000 SERVICES AUTHORITY
REGIONAL SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT PLAN
BY
APPOMATTOX, COUNTY, VIRGINIA
WHEREAS, Section 10.1-1411 of the Code of Virginia authorizes the Virginia Waste
Management Board to promulgate regulations specifying requirements for local and
regional solid waste management planning, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Waste Management Board has promulgated such regulations
entitled, “Regulations for the Development of Solid Waste Management Plans,
Amendment I as 9 VAC 20-130-10 et seq., effective date August 1, 2001, through the
Virginia Department Environmental quality, and
WHEREAS, these regulations require every county, city and incorporated town within
the Commonwealth to submit and solid waste management plan by July 1, 2004, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, Virginia (Appomattox County”), has determined
that it is in its best interest to be a part of the Region 2000 Planning Region for
preparation of the Regional Solid Waste Management Plan, and
WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Planning Region consist of the Counties of Campbell,
Appomattox and Nelson and their respective incorporated Towns, and the Cities of
Bedford and Lynchburg, and
WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Planning Region has enlisted the services of Draper Aden
Associates and R.W. Beck, Inc. to complete such a plan, and