045
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that,
to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1) only
public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the executive meeting were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter an
agreement with the VPI Extension Service to lease the old
library building to the Extension Service for 24 months at
$1200.00 per month. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter
an agreement with the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging
to lease approximately 500 square feet of office and storage
space at the Community Center for 12 month commencing October
1, 1992 at $275.00 Per month. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board he had received a bill for
$5,798.00 from Community Services for FY92 fourth quarter
payment which was inadvertently not paid. After discussion,
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pay this
bill from unappropriated surplus. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice asked the Board to consider selling the surplus 1977
Oldsmobile at the school auction October 3, 1992. After
discussion, the Board by consensus authorized Mr. Rice to
dispose of the car at the auction.
Mr. Rice informed the Board the Arts Council has furnished a
copy of their budget and is asking for their grant money and
the County’s matching money totaling $2500.00. The Board by
consensus authorized Mr. Rice to release this money.
Mr. Rice informed the Board Mr. Bobby Mitchell has asked to
serve on the Governing Board of the Central Virginia Area
Agency on Aging to replace Mr. Elliott who resigned at the
end of his term (September 30, 1992). Mr. Carwile made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Mr. Robert Mitchell
to the Governing Board of the Central Virginia Area Agency on
Aging to represent Appomattox County and who’s term shall
commence October 1, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.