425
After questions and discussion, the Board thanked and excused Dr.
Thomas.
The Board of Supervisors, by consensus, next set a date of May 16, 1994
at 7:30 P.M. to meet with Sheriff Richardson to discuss his proposed
FY95 budget.
Ms. Ferguson next presented a request from Monte Mays, Commission of
Revenue, for a line item transfer.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve a line item
transfer for the Commission of Revenue in the amount of $538.00 from
equipment to office supplies. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson presented a request for an appropriation from the Library
Fund of $124.28.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to appropriate
$124.28 from the Library Fund for the month of May, 1994. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Board with information on the proposed
regional jail project and requested $14,653.00 if the Board wished for
Appomattox County to be included in the Study.
After a lengthy discussion, Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore for Appomattox County to proceed with the study at a cost not to
exceed $14,653.00. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson mentioned that she had met with Virginia Department of
Transportation representatives, Mayor Spiggle and Norfolk Southern
Railroad to discuss the railroad crossings in Town. Ms. Ferguson
stated that the problems are being addressed by Virginia Department of
Transportation and she will report back to the Board, on this matter,
at a later date.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone had any other business to be brought
before the Board.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had spoken with Mr. Jerry Kinne who was
willing to do the work needed on the pecan tree behind the School Board)
Office.
Ms. Ferguson was asked to contact Mr. Kinne to see when he could do
this work.
Being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 9:40 P.M. until
Monday, May 16, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. C —
\\ :
LY x, Le | PQRrrvy
Chairman