047
office.
VACANCIES: All vacancies shall be filled by the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors.
MEETINGS
MEETINGS: The Recreation Advisory Committee will meet ona
quarterly basis. Meetings will be held the first Thursday of
January, April, July and October at 7 P.M. at the Appomattox
County Community Center.
ATTENDANCE: If a member misses (3) consecutive meetings,
he/she will be recommended for termination from membership.
The recommendation shall then be sent to the Board of
Supervisors with the request they appoint a replacement
member to serve the remaining term.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Also, Mrs. Beasley nominated Mr. Raymond Mullins, Mr. Moore
nominated Mrs. Cindy Thomas, Mr. Carwile nominated Mrs.
Cheryl Ragland, Mr. Torrence nominated Mr. David Carson, and
Mr. Jamerson nominated Mr. Fred Crowe to serve on the
Committee.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint
the following member to the Recreation Advisory Board subject
to each agreeing to serve:
Raymond Mullins - Falling River Election District
Cheryl Ragland - Wreck Island District
Cindy Thomas - Piney Mt. District
David Carson - Appomattox River District
Fred Crowe - Courthouse District
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of several resignation to the
Youth Services Commission. After discussion, Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the
resignation of Bill and Ella Lewis, Patty Myrick, and Sherry
Davidson, appoint Messers. Roland Murphy and Wayne Simpson to
the Appomattox Youth Services Commission, and appoint student
representatives Susan Carson, Susan Hamilton, Christina
Scruggs, Stephanie Thornton, Beth Drinkard, Christal Pankey,
Karen Pankey, Jennifer Patterson, and Laura Rice. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice reminded the Board a_ replacement for the recently
resigned Mr. James A. Smith for Economic Development
activities should be considered. After considerable
discussion, the Board by consensus asked Mr. Rice to talk to
Mr. Blair Smith to see if he would be interested.
Mr. Rice presented a budget request from Mrs. Carolyn Lawson
to transfer $200.00 from 8109-5501 to 8109-5804 so she can