033
appoint a committee of citizens to review the Subdivision
Ordinance and make recommendation (s) for the Board’s
consideration. It was deemed desirable to have these
recommendations in hand by the end of September 1992. It was
suggested the Committee include:
Mr. Don Austin - Virginia Department of Transportation
Mr. Bill Dickerson or Mr. Forrest Sergeant, Surveyors
Mr. Jim Nolen, Developer
Mr. Bill Caldwell, Building Inspector
Mr. Robert Gray or Mr. Sam Kerr, Attorneys
Mr. Ralph Hamlett, Mayor Pamplin
Mr. Ronnie Spiggle, Mayor Appomattox
Mrs. Joyce Bennett, Realtor
Mr. Gordon Rice, County Administrator
It was further suggested the Planning Commission similarly
review the Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Rice was directed by the Board to form the citizen’s
committee and arrange appropriate meetings.
Mr. Rice was also directed by the Board to review the Animals
and Building Construction ordinances with the County staff
and have recommendations ready for the next work session.
It was agreed by consensus to have another work session
Thursday 8/27/92.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adjourn
until 7:00 P.M. August 27, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye. a 4
<a. “Dd /
VAG /
Chairman,
\
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox ~County Board of
Supervisors was called to order by Chairman Jamerson in the
Courthouse, Appomattox, Virginia at 7:00 P.M. August 27,
1992,
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mt. District
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson reported the Sheriff has asked the Board to
clarify its position regarding the 2% salary increase for the
Town’s Deputies and considering the recent adjustments to
their salaries because of the increased subsidy from the
Town. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded
by Mr. Torrence to increase the salaries of the two (2)
deputies (Williams and Smith) by 2% based on their salary of