527
‘bad
Thomas H. Conrad, Chairman
On Monday, May 11, 2009 at 6:32 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held apublic hearing at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Park Lane, Appomattox,Virginia.
Present: ' Board of Supervisors
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
_ Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer ~ Assistant County Administrator
J.G, Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Chairman Conrad called the public hearing to order at 6:32 p.m. and explained that the purposeof this public hearing would be to receive public comment on the proposed FY2010 Budget andthe Proposed Tax Rate.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. George Almond to appear before the Board.
Mr. Almond came forward and stated his address as 304 Dabney Lane, Pamplin, Virginia. Mr.Almond stated that he was speaking with the Board to ask them to think about the budget and theJob losses the County has sustained. Mr. Almond stated that with the Economic downturn for theBoard to please consider that people will not be getting raises and this budget and tax increasedoes not coincide with what is going on in our County. Mr. Almond stated that maybe some ofthe proposed projects could wait. Mr. Almond asked the Board to please look at needs verseswants and take another look at the budget. Mr. Almond thanked the Board.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. J. Wesley Williams to come and appear before the Board,Mr. Williams came forward and stated his address as 4128 Spring Brook Road, Appomattox,
Virginia and stated that he currently is the Chairman of the Appomattox County School Board.Mr. Williams stated that he had two requests and the first request concerns the School Board’sFY09-10 budget request for county funding and the second a comment about the budgeting
process. Mr. Williams directed the Board’s attention to a letter from the School Board dated May8, 2009 and stated the County’s proposed budget fails to fund $367,310 of the School Board’s