099
and wood was about the same in November as it was in October.
The recent ice storm damage has resulted in increased use of
the new wood chipper. There are now some wood chips
available for mulch due to the new chipper. This is to be
given to anyone from Appomattox for the asking. Mr. Peterson
then asked for an executive session to discuss personnel.
Mr. Jamerson asked the executive session be postponed until
all those scheduled to appear had been heard. In response to
a question from Mr. Torrence, Mr. Peterson reported the
leachate collection tanks’ installation had been completed
and will soon be in use. Mr. Carwile asked if the variance
to allow continued operation in the existing trench had been
applied for yet. A discussion of the requirements followed.
Mr. Carwile also asked if the County was’ furnishing
collection boxes (green boxes) and pick up service at the 4 H
camp and Wilbuns Grocery Store. Mr. Peterson assured Mr.
Carwile these sites were being serviced by the County.
Hearing no objections to postponing the executive session,
Mr. Jamerson excused Mr. Peterson until later and called Dr.
Thomas, Superintendent of Schools.
Dr. Thomas asked for two (2) appropriations. Mr. Carwile
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate
$804,000.00 from the General Revenue Fund to operate the
school system for January and $10,000.00 from the School
Textbook Rental Fund. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye. Dr. Thomas then reported membership for the month of
November was four (4) less than that of October and nine (9)
less than that of September. Dr. Thomas also reported
Appomattox’s and all other Head Start grant applications had
been denied. Dr. Thomas, after talking to officials from the
State, felt encouraged Appomattox County would be accepted
next year and that he would reapply for the grant during the
summer of 1993. Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Dr. Thomas
and called Mr. Chuck Tomlinson, State Director of Public
Employees Benefits Services Corporation (PEBSCO).
Mr. Tomlinson explained PEBSCO administers a deferred
compensation plan (IRS 457) for public employees. This is a
Saving plan for employees where contributions are considered
deferred income. PEBSCO invests the employee’s savings ina
Fixed Return, Variable Return, and/or Life Insurance program.
PEBSCO is endorsed by National Association of Counties and
the Virginia Association of Counties. Many Counties and Towns
belong. PEBSCO investment record is outstanding for a very
long period of time. There is little chance of loss and the
plan costs the County nothing. Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
IN THE MATTER OF ESTABLISHING A DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
FOR THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has considered the establishment
of a Deferred Compensation Plan to be made available to
all eligible County employees, elected officials, and
independent contractors pursuant to Section 457 of the