615
On Monday, August 24, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
special called meeting in the County Administration Conference room located on 153A Morton
Lane, Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mr. William H. Craft -Appomattox River District
Mr. Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Absent: Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet - County Attorney
Chairman Conrad called the special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to
order at 6:00 p.m. and stated the purpose of this special called meeting would be to enter into
closed session in accordance to Section 2.2-3711(A)(1) Code of Virginia to discuss issues of
personnel.
Mr. Craft made a motion to enter into closed session at 6:01 p.m.in accordance with Section 2.2-
3711 (A)(1) Personnel. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion,
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into regular session at 6:55 p.m. Mr. Craft seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Certification of a Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Chairman Conrad
called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.