437
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the resolution on the proposed state budget. Mr.
Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for further discussion,
hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Resolution
Whereas, Appomattox County is committed to ensuring fiscal sustainability at the local
and state levels of government because fiscal sustainability enables the Commonwealth
and its local governments to provide high quality, cost effective, core public services that
benefit Virginians today and for generations to come; and
Whereas, the current difficult economic and financial times require government, at all
levels, to evaluate service delivery responsibility and to determine the continued
importance of programs meeting critical needs; and
Whereas, the Commonwealth must resolve an estimated 2009 and 2010 biennial revenue
shortfall approaching $3 billion that may in fact continue to escalate in the near term; and
Whereas, Appomattox County must resolve significant local revenue shortfalls for these
periods as well; and
Whereas, the Commonwealth’s General Fund supports most critical core government
services including public education, health and human resources, including the
Comprehensive Services Act, public safety, natural resources and environmental services
by dedicating almost 50 percent of the state’s General Fund to local governments (with
74 percent of this funding supporting K-12 public education); and
Whereas, if one level of government establishes and ensures a priority, it is then
incumbent upon that level of government to adequately fund the services necessary to
meet that priority; and
Whereas, the current economic environment threatens the sustainability of these critical
core public services if the Commonwealth is required to reduce its contribution to the
financial partnership between the state and its local governments including Appomattox
County; and
Whereas, specific and necessary state budget reductions may impact a wide array of core
public services, including but not limited to public education, the Comprehensive Service
Act, and public safety, and many local governments, including Appomattox County, will
absorb significant state reductions in 2009 and may be compelled to increase real
property taxes to help ensure the continuation of vital core public services; and
Whereas, Appomattox County stands ready to partner with the Commonwealth to make
the difficult budgetary decisions required, including thoroughly evaluating programs and
working together to maintain a structural balance between revenues and expenditures that
promotes the long-term viability of our Commonwealth.