272
900 Church Street, Lynchburg, VA 24504
Alternate — David A. Owen
City of Bedford
Member- Charles Kolakowski
P.O. Box 807, Bedford, VA 24523
Alternate — Barrett F. Warner
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED by the Authority and the Boards of Supervisors of
Appomattox, Bedford and Nelson Counties and the City Councils of Lynchburg and Bedford that
the First Amendment to the Region 2000 Services Authority Member Use Agreement is hereby
approved, and the Chairman of the Board of Supervisor and/or Mayor of each governing body is
authorized to sign the Amendment on behalf of each locality.
Mr. Conrad stated that he feels this will save the County money and made a motion to adopt the
enclosed resolution joining Region 2000 Services Authority and establishing the County
Administrator as the locality member serving on the Authority and also adopt the First
Amendment to the Region 2000 Services Authority Member Use Agreement. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, he
then called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #6- Proposal from Prince Edward County.
Chairman Craft called for discussion.
Chairman Craft stated that he does not see how this would benefit the County in any way.
Mr. Conrad stated that based on the fact that we have an agreement with Region 2000 he did not
recommend accepting this proposal.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, the next item presented was
Administrative Item #6A- Holiday Request.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Chairman Craft stated that this is short notice to alert citizens of this extra holiday and does not
feel it would be beneficial to the County to do this.
It was consensus of the Board to take no action on this request.
Chairman Craft next called for approval of the bills and minutes.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the bills and minutes as presented. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Conrad’s motion and with no further discussion Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.