226
m)
of hearing comments on the Transportation Enhancement Program grant
application. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
W
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Matt Lair, Magistrate, to have
his pager repaired. The Board by consenses agreed to appropriate up to
$150.00 to repair pager.
Mrs. Ferguson presented several requests for supplemental budget
appropriations for FY93. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr,
Torrence to approve the following supplemental budget appropriations
for FY93:
Court Services Unit - $280.00 for juvenile detention expenses.
Animal Warden - $1,160.46 for leave pay for Paul Nix and
vaccinations for Nix and Harris.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a $45.00
supplemental budget appropriation for Housing & Rental Assistance t¢
cover payroll for June 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstained.
=
The next item for discussion was an appropriation request from the
Library Board. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley t
appropriate $7,401.85 from the Library Fund for the month of July,
1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley that the Appomatto
County Board of Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the C
of Virginia enter into an executive session to discuss personne
matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mn.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an aff irmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
oned
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of