374
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County hereby requests the Commonwealth Transportation Board to continue to
support the development and construction of the Appomattox Heritage Trail, a multi-use trail; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby agrees
to pay a minimum of 20 percent of the total cost for planning and design, right of way, and
construction of this project, and that, if Appomattox County subsequently elects to cancel this
project it hereby agrees to reimburse the Virginia Department of Transportation for the total
amount of costs expended by the Department through the date the Department is notified of such
cancellation.
Adopted the 6th day of October, 2008, Appomattox County, Virginia
BY:
William H. Craft, Chairman
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
Attest:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item # 4 — Request for Ordinance
Consideration and explained that a request had been received asking the Board to adopt
an ordinance that prohibits burning in Appomattox County and also Virginias for a
Healthy Future are asking that a resolution be passed asking the 2009 General Assembly
to support a smoke free Virginia. Chairman Craft called for discussion from the Board.
Mr. Conrad stated that he had no intentions of supporting this for the reason that we are a
rural county and this request is asking the entire County not to burn leaves. Mr. Conrad
stated that he does not burn leaves himself, but he would not want someone telling him
he can’t when it would be on his own property. Mr. Conrad stated that he realizes that
when burning, carbons are released into the air, but this County does not have the
resources for someone to come around and collect the leaves.
Chairman Craft stated that he would support a request possibly if it was just in a
subdivision and the majority of the people in that area agreed with this request.
Mr. Conrad stated that he lived in a subdivision and people in his subdivision do burn and
he would guess that the people would not support this request either.
Mr. Moore stated that when you have a farm it is at times necessary for you to burn and
he has a problem with being told that he cannot burn.
Mr. Carter stated that when he was on Town Council one thing that was a concern to
citizens in Town was the smoke, due to leaf burning. This was because of allergic
reactions, and problems relating to asthma. During that time a leaf burning code was
enacted and that is the reason a leaf collector had to be bought prior to adopting that code.
Mr. Conrad stated that this would be hard to do with the entire county.