570
Mr. Tommy O’Brien came forward and stated his address as 5054 Horse Shoe Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. O’Brien stated that he is speaking on behalf of himself, Tommy and
Pam Campbell as they also own adjoining farm land. Mr. O’Brien stated that Susan Harold
came here and bought 60 acres with buildings that were falling down and only one building with
any value. Mr. O’Brien stated that she has cleaned this piece of property up and made a
successful operation. Mr. O’Brien stated that the state came in unexpected and had only one
violation and that was the dog needed its teeth clean. Mr. O’Brien stated that she had obtained
her license and made a successful business. Mr. O’Brien stated that as far as the noise; how do
you know it is her dogs it could be some other hunting dogs, and he feels this is being blown out
of proportion. Mr. O’Brien stated that he does not feel the value of land will go down by being
around this kennel and stated that he would appreciate the Board’s consideration in approving
this petition.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Ms. Magda Liska came forward and stated she is with AWAG and she has had experience with
Ms. Harold calling to ask for AWAG’s help in retrieving her stud dogs that have gotten loose.
Ms. Liska urged the Board to go and see breeds that are being euthanized which would be the
consequences if she does not follow Planning Commission’s conditions.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Mr. Frank Kellum came forward and stated his address as 5109 River Ridge Road, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Kellum stated that he does know the difference of a dog chasing a cat and one
being pinned up and wanting to get out. Mr. Kellum stated that he does not want a commercial
business next to him. Mr. Kellum stated that the environmental impact is great especially with
noise pollution. Mr. Kellum stated that he is not the kind to go around complaining about his
neighbors, but he understands this is the time to speak his opinion and he is doing so.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Mr. Susan Harold came forward and stated her address as 5005 River Ridge Road, Appomattox,
Virginia. Ms. Harold stated that she was not aware of operating her kennel without a permit until
January when she was told by Animal Control. Ms. Harold stated that since that time she has
been working on getting her kennel approved. Ms. Harold stated that if she had known this, she
would have done this before now. Ms. Harold stated puppies do not make a lot of noise and this
is her life. Ms. Harold stated that she has a three year old child to rise and she has now lived
here for five years and not once has she ever received a complaint about her dogs until she tried
to do what is right by getting her kennel license. Ms. Harold stated that she would appreciate the
Board considering her request.
Mr. Terrence White came forward and stated that he lives with Ms. Harold and he began by
stating that he did not understand how you can have 50 hunting dogs and not have a problem but
because she wants to breed and have puppies it becomes a problem.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.