470
Ms. Lindsay stated that the project was ready to start within the next
few weeks, depending upon the weather.
Mr. Carwile requested Ms. Lindsay inform the Board about the policy
concerning trimming trees on private property.
Ms. Lindsay explained that the right-of-way line is the cut off line
for trimming trees.
Ms. Lindsay also reported that Virginia Department of Transportation
had not accepted the bypass at this time, due to fencing and drainage
yet to be finished and several expansion joints on ramps that need to
be taken care of.
Mr. Torrence asked if one of the community service groups could do
landscaping coming into and going out of the Town?
Ms. Lindsay explained that a permit is required and once the project
was complete the group was responsible for maintaining the project.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused
Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Torrence recognized Mrs. Debbie Powell, President of the Historical
Society, to appear before the Board to go over the activities of the
Society.
Mrs. Powell gave a very informative presentation explaining the
projects that the Society had been working on, the hours of operation
of the museum and the problems that are being faced with using strictly
volunteer personnel.
In closing, Mrs. Powell stated that she felt that by Spring of 1995, if
the museum was going to continue to operate, the County was going to
have to consider hiring a director to oversee the museum and the living
history village.
Mrs. Powell invited the members of the Board of Supervisors to a stew
on September 24, 1994 from 10:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M. at the living
history village. Mrs. Powell thanked the Board for their time and
continued support.
Mr. Torrence next recognized Greg Winston, Mike Griffin and Wayne
Bowman with the Forestry Department.
Mr. Winston, representative from the Farmville Region came forward and
explained that he would begin for the group by giving the annual report,
Mr. Winston provided information on dry fire hydrants located in the
County, ice storm damage, Southern Pine Bark Beetle damage and general
information on forest management.
Mr. Winston asked if anyone had questions concerning his report.