468
In a call to your office, I was unable to reach you and told to
try back. I explained that I will probably be unable to personally
attend the meeting on July 26, 1994. I was told I could be represented
in written form in this case.
I would like further explanation of this and would probably obtain
it at the public hearing and then voice my opposition to it.
It is my understanding that this zoning change would allow
multi-family dwellings to be built adjacent to us. In addition to
this, I have been informed that this zoning change is a step down from
the existing zone R-1 designation now in effect. I think a step
backward is a step in the wrong direction, hence I oppose it.
Through my own personal experience and observation, while this is
always advertised as a positive thing for a community, it seldom is.
The usual effect is a lowering of property values and a moving out of
stable, desirable, family raising people who are the mainstay of any
town/community.
When we moved to Appomattox approximately three years ago, one of
the main reasons was to avoid this type of (so called)"improvement" in
the rural area in which we lived. We chose this particular property in
Appomattox after looking at several others. It seemed then and now a
good neighborhood in which to raise our children. There are quite a
few families within the Annie, Pine, Edgewood Street community affected
by this ruling attempting to give their own children a quality
environment in which to live and grow. We wish the same thing and do
not want these qualities of this neighborhood diminished.
In conclusion, it is my opinion that this would be a bad decision
for the area known originally as Hickory Grove Acres Subdivision and
may violate some rule or bylaw dating from its origin.
For these reasons, I register my whole-hearted opposition to this
request for rezoning and ask that it be denied.
Sincerely,
Roger L. Carson
Deborah S. Carson
Mr. Conner addressed Mr. Caldwell and said that he wanted to state for
the record that everything he said came from Pilgrim Land and
Development.
Mr. Moore called for other comments on this petition, hearing none he
asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #94-225 of Virginia Meter Service for a
conditional use permit to allow existing building to be used for office
for meter repair, sales and service. Property is zoned B-1 and is
located on Route 460 between Route 646 and Route 674.
Mr. Moore called for any comments concerning the above petition.
Hearing none, and being no further petitions the meeting was adjourned