568
stated that the Planning Commission made the following recommendation at its June 8, 2009
meeting:
For reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice the
Appomattox Planning Commission moves to deny the Conditional Use Permit petition of Pam
Chappell as the petitioner for the following reasons:
1. Petition does not meet the goals and objectives of the Economic Development component
of the Comprehensive Plan.
2. The petition, if approved, would have a negative impact on the quality of life of the
surrounding neighborhood.
3. Project lies within a Primary Growth Area as designated by the Comprehensive Plan. A
Primary Growth Area is generally suited for agriculture and residential uses that will
gradually turn over to more densely populated residential uses, A Primary Growth Area
should be dominated by single-family residences.
Chairman Conrad called for comments from the public.
Pam Chappell came forward and stated her address as 1320 Church Street. Ms. Chappell stated
that she would like to say that her property is zoned agriculture and when the housing
development came to her area she sold her pot bellied pigs in order to keep from having a
negative impact on the neighbors. Ms, Chappell stated that she does not understand how her
kennel would be having a negative impact on the neighborhood when her neighbor has
approximately 20 hound dogs and another neighbor has about 10 hound dogs that they both use
for hunting. Ms. Chappell stated that her seven dogs do not make near the noise as her
neighbors. Ms. Chappell stated that her kennel has been visited by the state veterinarian and was
approved and also local animal contro! has visited her kennel. Ms. Chappell stated that she is
working towards getting her USDA license as a commercial breeder and she has no intentions in
having more than the seven dogs that she already owns. Ms. Chappell stated that she has seven
females that can have one litter each year which would mean she could have approximately 24
puppies in one year. Ms. Chappell stated that with her property being zoned A-1 she feels she
has right’s as anyone else who is zoned A-1 whether she is adjacent to town limits or not. Ms,
Chappell called for any questions from the Board.
Hearing no comments or questions from the Board or other citizens, Chairman Conrad asked Mr.
Roark to present the next petition.
Mr. Roark presented petition CUP09005 of Susan Harold, and explained that Susan Harold is
tequesting a Conditional Use Permit for property located off of River Ridge Road in order to
operate a commercial kennel on her property. The property is approximately 500 feet off the
road. Ms. Haroid has been operating a kennel for approximately five years and was unaware that
she needed a conditional use permit until recently when she was notified by county staff (Animal
Control), However, Ms. Harold has previously owned and operated a kennel in North Carolina
prior to moving to Appomattox County. Ms. Harold has been in this business for approximately
13 years. Mr. Roark explained that the County has received no complaints about this kennel and
Ms. Harold has gained licensure from the US Department of Agriculture to be a broker.