394
Mr. Conrad explained that in the last census taken you do not get that same information
and you have data from a lot more people and feels that number would drop if given to
the same persons of the census.
Mr. Craft thanked Mr. Almond for appearing before the board and explaining the survey.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Roark to come and appear before the Board to update
the Board on the Regional Water Supply Plan.
Mr. Roark began that the Regional Water Supply Plan is a mandated plan by the General
Assembly and is overseen by the Department of Environmental Quality. Mr. Roark
stated that he has been working on this plan for several years with a regional team. Mr.
Roark stated that the Region 2000 Water Supply Plan is moving towards completion as
we enter 2009. Mr. Roark explained that Appomattox County does not have an
ordinance or plan and presented the Board with samples. Mr. Roark stated that the plan
would be modeled after a DEQ plan. Mr. Roark explained to the Board that they would
next have to come up with an ordinance and adopt this within the next couple of months.
Mr. Roark called for any questions from the Board. Hearing no further questions,
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Roark.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #1 — Central Virginia Community
Services Board. Chairman Craft explained that a letter had been received from Sandy
Farmer, Clerk of the Board and Executive Assistant for the Central Virginia Community
Services Board stating that Mr. Crafts term will be ending on December 31, 2008, and
Ms. Farmer stated that Mr. Craft was eligible for reappointment for another three year
term if the Board chooses to do so.
Mr. Carter made a motion to reappoint Mr. Craft to the Central Virginia Community
Services Board for another three year term. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #2 — VACo/VML Legislative Day
2009.
Mr. Conrad stated that with the upcoming budget constraints that it would be prudent for
as many of the Board members to attend as possible.
Chairman Craft instructed Board members to contact Ms. Ferguson and let her know if
you will be attending this meeting so that she may send in registration.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3 — Virginia Certified County
Supervisor Course.