On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore, the
following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has
ti convened an executive meeting on this date pursuant
{| to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
) with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information of Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344-1, of the Code of Virginia,
1950, aS amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with
Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that,
to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only
public business matters lawfully exempted from open
meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
public business matters as were identified in the
motion convening the executive meeting were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
increase the County’s contribution to employees health
insurance premiums from $100 to $125 per month. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,aye.
_ Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter
into the following Agreement with the Town of Appomattox:
| THIS AGREEMENT, made in duplicate this 13th day of July,
1992, by and between THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX,
VIRGINIA, hereinafter called "County"; and THE TOWN
OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA, hereinafter called "Town".
WHEREAS, the County and Town did enter into certain
contracts or agreements dated May 24, 1989 and June
8, 1992, whereunder the Sheriff of Appomattox
County was declared the Chief Law Enforcement
Officer for the Town of Appomattox and was required
to provide law enforcement services for the Town of
Appomattox in exchange for certain payments by the
Town of Appomattox unto the County of Appomattox.
WHEREAS, a part of the aforementioned May 24, 1989 and
June 8, 1992 agreements was that the County would
i become the employer for certain police officers who
until 1989 had worked for the Town; and
WHEREAS, it has become apparent that certain salary
011