specifications trying to resolve the situation.
Mr. Carwile also mentioned he had received complaints that
motorists were detouring along Route 800 to avoid the stop
light at the intersection of Routes 24 and 460 and that
residents along this route were asking for a reduced speed
limit. Ms. Lindsey explained the procedure necessary to
obtain a reduced speed limit and that she would request the
appropriate officials in Richmond to review this request.
Finally, Mr. Carwile pointed out several had complained about
the reduced sight distance at the Routes 721 and 688
intersections with Route 608 because of overground
rights-of-ways. Ms. Lindsey said she will investigate and
initiate appropriate measures.
Mr. Torrence asked what next had to be done for the proposed
improvements to Route 678 to proceed. Ms. Lindsey informed
Mr. Torrence a request to stake the Right-of-Way was the next
step, then a meeting between Virginia Department of
Transportation officials, property owners, and Mr. Torrence
at the site should be arranged to obtain the required
right-of-way.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were other questions for Ms.
Lindsey. Being none, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms.
Lindsey and called Mr. Peterson, Landfill Supervisor. Mr.
Peterson reported 1,061 tons were received at the landfill in
August or an average 43 tons per day and an increase of seven
(7) tons per day from that received in July. Mr. Peterson
further reported 49 tons had been recycled in August, an
increase of 5 tons from that recycled in July. Mr. Peterson
also reported 627 c.y. of brush had been received in August,
550 c.y. in July, and 521 c.y. in June. The merits of
purchasing a chipper were discussed. The Board requested Mr.
Peterson to check costs for various sizes and makes of
chippers.
Mr. Peterson next reported on some personnel problems with
part time employees. After discussion the Board authorized
Mr. Peterson to hire a replacement for a recently resigned
part time employee.
Mr. Peterson then asked that $2000.00 of the money budgeted
for cover dirt be transferred and spent to buy additional
gravel for the entrance road since he will not need the cover
dirt. This will purchase 160 tons of #40 gravel. A motion
was made by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer
$2000.00 from line item 4204-3002 to 4204-3004 and to use
this money to buy 160 tons of #40 gravel to resurface the
entrance road at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson next reported he has’~ been unable to yet erect
the leachate collection tanks because of wet weather.
Being no further business to discuss, Mr. Jamerson thanked
039