578
Mr. Roark stated that there are 220,450 acres in the County. In this new ordinance 182,911 acres
are in A-1, 26,700 acres will be in RR-1 which is a new district, 9,582 acres will be in
Residential and less than 1,000 acres are in Commercial and Industrial; which is more than we
have now.
Mr. Roark next summarized the ordinance and stated that this ordinance is divided into 7 articles
or sections, Article 1- Administration; Article 2- Definitions; Article 3- District Regulations;
Article 4-Site Development Regulations; Article 5-Signs; Article 6-Landscaping; Article7-
Wireless Communication Facilities; Mr. Roark also stated that included is an extensive appendix
that includes diagrams and charts to more easily administer the ordinance.
Mr. Roark stated that there will be no fee changes with this amendment and we will be changing
from a “use specific” ordinance to a “land use category” ordinance which will give more
flexibility to the Zoning Administrator.
Mr. Roark explained Article 1- Administration and stated that this establishes the purpose of the
ordinance and sets out the processes for zoning text amendments, zoning map amendments, and
Special Exceptions. Mr. Roark explained that the term “Special Exception” has replaced
“Conditional Use”. This change reflects the language of the Code of Virginia. This will establish
zoning districts, the number of districts increases from 8 to 14 and it establishes the need for
zoning permits, zoning certificates and certificates of zoning compliance.
Mr. Roark explained Article 2 — Definitions and stated that this section has over 380 terms that
are defined which is an increase of over 200 definitions. Mr. Roark stated that some definitions
are determined by state language, others were derived from the American Planning Association
Planning Advisory Manuals. Mr. Roark stated that all uses are defined in this ordinance.
Mr. Roark explained Article 3- District Regulation and stated that this section is where some of
the biggest changes start to occur.
Mr. Roark explained that A-1 minimum lot size increased from one acre to three acres, road
frontage requirements increased from 150 feet to 200 feet and explained that set back and height
requirements stayed the same.
Mr. Roark stated that a new district had been created which is RR-1 (Rural Residential) and this
district is intended to be a buffer between truly agricultural areas and transitional areas that are
gradually becoming more densely populated. The rural character will remain low density,
residential would become more predominant. The minimum lot size will be one acre, road
frontage 150 feet which is today’s A-1 standards.
Mr. Roark stated that Residential Zones have been adjusted with a gradual density increase from
the R-1 zone to a new R-3 zone. This provides developers with rewards for developing
infrastructure and the highest density used would be near County services. Mr. Roark explained