349
Caterpillar Financial Services Corp. 2,165.00
Hurt & Proffitt 2,364.97
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next, the Board members discussed several appointments that needed to
be made by the Board. By Consensus, the Board appointed Mr. Torrence
to be Emergency Services Director; Mr. Paulette to the Regional Central
Virginia Housing Board for a two (2) year term; and Mr. Paulette to
serve on the Region 2000 Board.
Mr. Torrence presented architect fees for proposed jail addition and
alteration. After discussion, the Board found no problems with the
architects fees as presented.
Mr. Torrence next asked Mrs. Ferguson to bring the Board up to date on
the joint Region 2000 meeting with the Town Councils of Appomattox and
Pamplin. Mrs. Ferguson explained that Mr. Jeff Taylor had a previous
engagement for tonight and would like to reschedule the presentation
for February 14, 1994 at 6:00 P.M. in Town Council Chambers, at the
Appomattox Town Office.
Mrs. Ferguson next asked the Board to review a letter requesting
budgets be presented by March 1, 1994. The Board approved the letter
and informed Mrs. Ferguson to go ahead with distribution of the letter.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to enter into
executive session to discuss personnel and legal matters at 8:20 P.M.
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Paulette, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Ms. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Paulette, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the