540
portion of this money to lower the tax rate. Ms. Ferguson stated that the Chairman of the School
Board has requested that the Board reinstate the $367,310 dollars back into their budget. Ms.
Ferguson stated that with the debt restructuring the school budget will already realize $123,700
in savings annually because where they have been making that amount of payment to Dominion
Virginia Power the County will now be making that payment on that debt with the new loan
structure, so by approving the new bond issue you would already be freeing up $123,700 in the
school budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has been notified that due to the March membership
the school will have $140,000 in the schools budget of local funds at the end of this year and
they made her aware of this hoping that the Board would apply this towards what their proposed
budget had been reduced by.
Ms. Ferguson asked if the Board had any questions.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board was to leave the $123,793 in their budget and if you choose
to give them back the $140,000 remaining at the end of the year the loss to the schools requested
budget would be $103,000.
Chairman Conrad stated that when you look at the school expenditure at the end of each month
the schools have a lot of money left at the end of the fiscal year which they spend on many
different things and he has been made aware of equipment that they are now in the process of
buying. Chairman Conrad stated that a lot of money is going towards the football fields and
tennis courts he has concems that this money should be going towards building projects.
Chairman Conrad stated that he has received many telephone calls and comments on the streets
on raising taxes and we are not showing that we are trying to save. Chairman Conrad stated that
he is not in favor of returning the money to the schools.
Chairman Conrad stated that he wants to see taxes be as low as possible in this county and he
wants to see that this county does not suffer any more than necessary.
Mr. Carter stated that he took to heart what the Chairman of the School Board said at the public
hearing when he stated what do they have to do to give us an honest budget and that this is not a
padded budget and it is what it is going to take to operate and they have looked at this very
carefully and presented to the Board a valid budget. Mr. Carter stated that he also is not in favor
of raising taxes and does not think any of the Board members are in favor of raising taxes, but at
this time he feels it is necessary. Mr. Carter stated that he is in favor of giving this money back to
the schools.
Chairman Conrad stated that he feels that no matter what we would have cut from the schools
budget, he feels that they would have still come to the podium and stated that it was still not
enough money. Chairman Conrad stated that not everything is as it appears.
Mr. Tanner stated he went to the ground breaking of the football and baseball field and stated
that all of this was needed. Mr. Tanner stated his daughter played tennis and the tennis courts are
cracked uneven and Mr. Tanner stated that these are our children that are getting injured and they
are also the future of this county.