449
Mr. Spencer stated that the Planning Commission had stated that Tuesday and
Wednesday would be the best days for them to meet.
Mr. Spencer stated that the EDA had discussed and decided that a Tuesday would be best
for them.
Mr. Spencer stated that it looks like between the two committees a Tuesday would be the
best meeting date between the hours of four o’clock and eight o’clock.
Mr. Carter stated that this information needed to be given to the Board of Supervisors
Chairman to get this meeting set up.
Mr. Carter next questioned the well drilling ordinance if anything had been done.
Ms. Ferguson replied that this is still being worked on at this time.
Mr. Carter questioned if the Board needed to send a letter out explaining the facts on
appointing a PSA. Mr. Carter questioned if the facts of a PSA could be put together to
help with the fear of what is falsely being told.
Ms. Ferguson questioned where Mr. Carter would want this letter containing the facts to
be sent.
Mr. Carter stated that this could be sent to the local newspaper or we could ask Mr.
Hamlett to sit down and talk with someone and do an article for the paper.
Mr. Tanner stated that the handout that they had been previously given on this could also
be incorporated into the letter since it contains a lot of good information.
Mr. Carter next stated that Appomattox County has missed another possible opportunity.
Mr. Carter stated that he had seen on the website that King George County had added a
Harris Teeter Distribution Center which would add approximately 335 new jobs to their
county.
Mr. Carter stated that he did not know the details of this project or if Appomattox County
was even contacted and if so what our response was.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Spencer if he was aware of this new Harris Teeter Distribution
Center.
Mr. Spencer stated that he was not aware of this and it had not filtered its way down,
however, Mr. Spencer stated that when things are being looked for by the State, they are
a lot of times site specific and they are usually wanting existing buildings or rail service
and usually no name is attached to the request.