056
Moore to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Torrence,-aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye. |
/
+. (>,
Vice/ Chairman
\
\
\ )
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting~ of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting
Room, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday October
19, 1992 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. The invocation was given by Supervisor Carwile.
Minutes for the joint meeting and public hearing of September
8, 1992 and for the regularly scheduled monthly meeting of
September 14, 1992 were presented for approval, copies having
been transmitted to members of the Board prior to the
meeting.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley it was
resolved to dispense with the reading of the minutes. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked if Mr. Lawson had drawn the deeds for the
transfer of the ballpark from the Town of Appomattox to the
County and to transfer the well lot and utility easements at
the Community Center from the County to the Town of
Appomattox. Mr. Rice replied Mr. Lawson was still waiting
for the plats from the Town’s Engineer.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were other questions, comments
and/or corrections to the minutes. Hearing none, Mr. Carwile
made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the minutes of
the public hearing and joint meeting of September 8, 1992 and
the meeting of September 14, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
adjourn and move the meeting to the Courthouse because of the
nature of the agenda and because the Courthouse could seat
more spectators, some of which were standing for lack of
seating in the Board room. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.