Mr. Rice replied the County Attorney was nearly finished
reviewing the comments from the editorial conferences and the
various revision resulting from the Board’s work sessions.
Mr. Jamerson reminded Mr. Rice of the importance of
completing these. Mr. Rice committed to report on the
completion schedule at the next Board meeting.
Mr. Carwile asked to be and was recognized by the Chair. Mr.
Carwile suggested that the County should have options in
place regarding the Landfill since it is questionable the
County will be able to meet the compliance deadline. Also,
Mr. Carwile stated transfer sites appear to have a great deal
of potential and made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
solicit and consider proposal from BFI Inc. and Chambers
Development to haul and dispose of the County’s waste. Mr.
Jamerson asked for discussion of the motion.
Mr. Torrence noted serious decisions have been made based on
analysis of costs for various options and the least expensive
alternate had been chosen, i.e. for the County to develop and
operate a municipal solid waste landfill in conformance with
current regulations.
Mr. Jamerson said he did not oppose considering BFI and
Chambers for longer range solutions, but does not want to
change course now or talk to BFI and Chambers about short
range options.
Mr. Moore said he felt we should consider BFI and Chambers in
case they hawe a better deal and also for the longer range
solution.
Mr. Carwile noted BFI and Chambers would be interested in
contracts from 4 to 20 years duration and felt all options
and information had not been considered when the decisions
were made.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mr. Carwile was concerned that Chambers
is being indicted for fraud and corruption and that BFI’s
contract had been cancelled in Buckingham County because they
were escalating their prices so fast.
Mr. Jamerson stated he felt the citizens had expressed their
choice when they voted in favor of the Landfill Bond
referendum, i.e. "for the County to take care of their own
garbage".
Mr. Moore said he did not agree because the referendum was
not fairly presented. He felt all options had not been
presented and that citizens had only chosen the least
expensive of the options offered.
Mr. Torrence said he felt it would be impossible to meet
mandated deadlines if the County changed direction now.
Mr. Moore reasoned that "if the Board had listened to BFI and
Chambers earlier, they would not have to be guessing now".
121