381
Dr. Boone stated that around 120-130 students left the public school system to enter
either into home schooling or private schools.
The meeting was then turned over to Mr. Blair Smith and Ms. Linda Jones of Dominion
Seven Architects.
Ms. Jones began by saying that Dominion Seven Architects had been retained to do a
feasibility study for all the schools of Appomattox County.
Ms. Jones stated that the long term goal is to get quality educational facilities for the
students. Ms. Jones stated that they would like to see improved student achievement with
a competitive school system and one that is safe with a great deal of security. Another
principal is that we must be cost conscious.
Ms. Jones stated that some goals that they had for the study were to develop multiple
options with cost estimates to meet the future needs of each of the schools and to develop
a priority list for maintenance needs which will help the already excellent maintenance
and facilities staff. Ms. Jones stated this will be a road map for your organization which
will develop a list of all the things that need to be done on a maintenance basis and
prioritize the needs.
Ms. Jones explained that the study content is demographic information and a building
analysis on each of the buildings that looked at the existing space utilization in every
school and came up with some options with a cost analysis for those options. We have
made some recommendations for a plan of action. Ms. Jones stated that the cost analysis
is using numbers for right now and the early part of 2009. If any of these projects get
shifted out which she is aware some will, the numbers will need to inflate as you proceed.
Ms. Jones explained that Appomattox County has gained in population an 11.4% increase
between the 1990 and 2000 census and there is an 8.9% projected increase over the next
22 years. The school census from 1999 to 2008 has fluctuated from 2307 to 2392
students annually in the system with a decrease of 1.9% in school population has been
predicted over the next 22 years.
Ms. Jones stated that in looking at the grade level census from 1997-2007 minor
fluctuations in numbers from grade to grade but an average number of students for all
grades when considered together stayed between 165-180 students per year with an
average over ten years of 168.
Next Mr. Smith began by briefing the Boards on the Building Analysis. Mr. Smith gave
a brief overview of the age of each of the schools and what work has been done over the
years.
Mr. Smith briefed the Boards on the five ages of school buildings: In phase one, the first
20 years is where maintenance cost normally are limited to minor repairs and small
improvements to reflect changes to the instructional program. During phase two, the