163
Regarding the executive session, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by
Mrs. Beasley for the County to deed a small cemetery plot to the
Central Baptist Church and for the County Attorney to draw the
necessary paapers. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider a request from the
Director of Social Services to reappoint Mr. Herbert Richardson to
serve another term on the Social Services; Board effective June 1993.
After discussion, the Board decided by consensus to continue this until
the next Board meeting.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to again consider Mr. Horace
Coleman’s appointment to the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging.
Mr. Torrence informed the Board he had talked to Mr. Coleman and Mr.
Coleman had asked to withdraw his request.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider appointments to the
Central Virginia Planning District Commission’s Rural Policy Committee
and Technical Committee. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Torrence to the Rural Policy
Committee and Mr. Rice to the Technical Committee. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. asley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye. Further, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Carwile to secure a
citizen representative for the Technical Committee.
Mr. Jamerson next asked for an appointment to the Disability Services
Board to replace Mr. Cris Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds is unable to attend
the Board’s meeting since he is working second shift. After
discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
appoint Miss Kristie Page to the Disability Services Board pending her
acceptance. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider a request from the
Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival to waive the permit fee for a
bingo game May 8, 1993. ‘The game is to be conducted as a fund raiser.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence
to waive the Bingo permit fee for the Historic Appomattox Railroad
Festival bingo game May 8, 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board the State Department of Emergency
Services has written urging the County to complete the Emergency
Response Plan SARA Title III and that the Sheriff recommends Mr.
Freddie Godsey be appointed Emergency Services Coordinator. After
discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appoint Mr. Godsey as the County’s Emergency Services Coordinator.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board of a recommendation from the
Administrators of the County’s Workers Compensation Insurance to
establish and publish a formal panel of approved Physicians. After