253
theirs. Mr. Conrad stated that his suggestion would be to reduce the tax levy and refi gure
the budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that with the new information that she has provided the Board
tonight that they need to recognize that the amount of revenue that we are anticipating
this year and what she has already reduced for FY2009 is being reduced by the State in
the amount of $123,707. This is money the Board had not talked about during previous
budget work sessions.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board can choose the area they want to make these
reductions.
Mr. Conrad stated that the State is reducing their funds for programs that the locality
must continue providing, which in turn makes the locality have to raise taxes. Mr.
Conrad stated that the State continues to say they are not raising taxes, however they
continue mandating these programs with unfunded mandates and the locality has to
provide the funds.
Mr. Carter questioned if a reduction could be made in the $931,588 which is budgeted for
the CSA program,
Ms. Ferguson explained that in FY09 budget the CSA budget has been reduced by
$36,694.
Ms, Ferguson stated that she had given the Board this handout on additional reductions to
make them aware. Ms. Ferguson stated that she will be working with Mr. Overstreet and
VACo to find out the best avenue to use in making these reductions to cost the County
the least amount of heartache in the future. Ms. Ferguson stated that initially she had
thought she would take the reductions out of CSA and it still may be the best possibility,
but feels that all options should be looked at. Ms. Ferguson stated that there are three
options to look at all of them should be looked at closely before making a decision.
Mr. Overstreet stated that giving the State a check back in the amount of additional
reduced funds may give the Board the most flexibility.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Board can choose which way is best for the County to
pay these funds to the State. The Board could choose to take a reduction in each
department and the State will withhold those funds.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this is extremely complicated and she will be studying all
options before making a recommendation to the Board.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this reduction will affect all departments other than the School.
Ms. Ferguson stated that when she initially worked the budget up it was based on revenuc
at .46 cent per 100 and with that we were some what short, but not drastic and it was an