359
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s meeting room, Courthouse Square,
Appomattox, Virginia on Monday February 7, 1994 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Mr. Torrence presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and
asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone had any additions to the agenda.
Mr. Carwile requested that time be allotted each month, on the agenda,
after the appearances, to give Board members an opportunity to express
any concerns that they may have.
Mr. Torrence then called Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Resident Engineer,
Virginia Department of Transportation, to appear before the Board. Ms.
Lindsey began by explaining that she is not sure if the pothole on Main
Street, Pamplin has been repaired but that it was on the list to be
taken care of. Also, Ms. Lindsey stated that she had spoken to traffic
engineering in Lynchburg concerning the signs in front of Mt. Obed
Church and they were going to check this out and get back with her.
Ms. Lindsey also informed the Board that the Route 656 project was
to be advertised in February 1994 but due to some delays, it
would be advertised in March 1994. Ms. Lindsey asked if anyone had
questions for her.
Mr. Carwile questioned whether anything had been done on Route 608 in
the area of Route 609, to correct a problem with the road being slick.
Mr. Carwile stated that several accidents have occured in this area and
that he has requested something be done on several different occasions.
Ms. Lindsey said that she thought that steps had been taken to correct
this condition and that she would verify this.
Mr. Carwile continued by saying that the residents in this area did not
get salt on their road during the icy conditions that other areas did
receive.
Ms. Lindsey said that salt was not used on any secondary roads, only
abrasives.
After further discussion, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey
and called Freddy Godsey, Emergency Services Coordinator.