392
asked that the Board approve sending this letter along with the
resolution.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to adopt the following
resolution and send the resolution along with the letter to Mr.
Montgomery.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors at its regularly
scheduled meeting on April 4, 1994, passed a resolution supporting the
Virginia Department of Transportation’s request for right of way from
the National Historical Park so that Route 701 may be brought up to
necessary standards Vote: Dennis W. Torrence, aye; Nina B. Beasley,
aye; Russell H. Moore, aye; Philip E. Paulette, aye; and Frank H.
Carwile, absent.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused
Ms. Lindsay, and called Mr. Earl Dickerson, and Mr. Peterson to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Peterson began by requesting that Earl Dickerson of Hurt and
Proffitt, explain the contract for the closure of area "G".
Mr. Dickerson began by stating that in 1991 the County was ready to cap
area "G"' and found that we could continue to place waste in this area,
thereby, using waste to fill areas and terrace rather than using dirt.
At this time the County had a contract with Counts and Dobyns to do the
closure of this area. Hurt and Proffitt negotiated with Counts and
Dobyns and they agreed to stop work on this contract leaving
approximately $116,000.00 remaining on the contract. Mr. Dickerson
stated that during the negotiation process Counts and Dobyns asked to
be given first option on capping area "G" when the County was ready.
Mr. Dickerson explained that it’s time to proceed with the capping of
area "G". He has worked with Counts and Dobyns and they have given a
price of $145,800.00 for capping area "G" and the Erosion and Sediment
Control. Mr. Dickerson continued by saying that $46,600.00 of the
$145,800.00 was for Erosion and Sediment Control. Mr. Dickerson
recommends that the County proceed with the contract for capping area
"NG" with Counts and Dobyns at a cost of $99,200.00 and continue to work
on the erosion and sediment control plan. This contract does not
include any seeding for area "G".
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
enter into a contract with Counts and Dobyns for capping area "G" at a
contract price of $99,200.00, excluding soil and erosion control and
seeding. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Dickerson what needed to be done to areas "E"
and "F" to repair the storm water damage.
Mr. Peterson spoke up and said that he had a proposal to present for
this repair.