O46
Mr. Rice informed the Board the Railroad Festival’s
tri-chairman, Mrs. Cindy Ranson, has asked the County to
donate $1500.00 and waive the entertainment permit fee. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to donate
$1500.00 to the Appomattox Railroad Festival and waive the
$25.00 entertainment fee. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Rice presented proposed Bylaws for the Recreation
Advisory Committee. Mr. Jamerson suggested the Towns and the
School Board appoint a representative from each instead of
the Board of Supervisors appointing these members. After
discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
to adopt these Bylaws except that the representative from the
Towns of Appomattox and Pamplin be appointed by the
respective Town Councils and the representative from the
School Board be appointed by the School Board:
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
RECREATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE
BYLAWS
PURPOSE/DUTIES
PURPOSE: The purpose of the Recreation Advisory Committee
will be to advise the Recreation Director on providing
recreational programs and classes for adults and their
families in Appomattox County.
POLICIES AND DUTIES:
(A) To assist the director with special community
projects and recreational programs as required.
(B) To advise director on establishing new and
modifying existing recreational programs.
(C) To assist director in making recommendations to the
Board of Supervisors concerning capital improvements and
maintenance needs.
(D) To help maintain public awareness of recreation
programs within the community.
MEMBERSHIP
MEMBERS: The Advisory Committee shall be composed of members
appointed by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors as
follows: one member from each election district, one member
from the Town of Appomattox, one member from the Town of
Pamplin, and one member from the Appomattox County School
Board.
ELIGIBILITY: All members shall be residents of Appomattox
County.
TERMS OF OFFICE: Appointments shall be made for four (4)
years and members may be reappointed. The School Board
representative shall serve no longer than his/her term of