673
WHEREAS, Appomattox County approved The Region 2000 Greenway, Blueways, and Trail Plan, a
regional preservation, trail, and alternative transportation plan; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Economic Development Authority approved the use of EDA property
for the utilization of a trail to provide for safe transportation of pedestrian to the Appomattox County
Community Park; and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth Transportation Board has provided support for the development of a
pedestrian trail that will connect resources within the Town of Appomattox to the Appomattox County
Community Park through two awarded Enhancement Grants; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County is currently under contract and beginning the design phase of the
approximate 1.6 mile trail to connect community resources;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County
hereby requests the Commonwealth Transportation Board to continue to support the development and
construction of the Appomattox Heritage Trail, a multi-use trail; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby agrees to pay a
minimum of 20 percent of the total cost for construction of this project, and that, if Appomattox County
subsequently elects to cancel this project it hereby agrees to reimburse the Virginia Department of
Transportation for the total amount of costs expended by the Department through the date the
Department is notified of such cancellation.
Mr. Carter stated that this is the time to move forward and made a motion to adopt the
Resolution endorsing the FY2010-2011 Transportation Grant. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s
motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#2 — Library Board Appointment and stated that
enclosed is a letter recommending that Ms. Dorothy Van Opstal be reappointment to the
Jamerson Memorial Library Board for a second term. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to appoint Ms, Dorothy Van Opstal to the Jamerson Memorial Library
Board for a four year term beginning July 1, 2009. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#3 — Holiday Request and stated that the
Director of Social Services and several Constitutional Officers have requested an additional
holiday on December 31, 2009 in observance of New Years. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to grant December 31, 2009 as an additional holiday in observance of
New Year’s. Mr. Moore seconded Mr, Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for