654
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Absent: Planning Commission Members
Earl Dickerson
Chairman Conrad called the public hearing to order at 6:00 p.m. and explained that the
purpose of this public hearing would be to receive public comment on proposed revisions
to the zoning ordinance. Chairman Conrad stated that the Board would hear comments at
tonight’s meeting and there would not be a vote on this issue at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. George Almond called the Planning Commission to order.
Chairman Conrad turned the meeting over to Mr. Johnny Roark, Planner.
Mr. Roark came forward and gave a brief explanation of why the County is proposing
changes to the zoning ordinance.
Mr. Roark explained that the original zoning ordinance was adopted in 1988 and since
that date has had some amendments, but a comprehensive review has never been done.
Mr. Roark explained that the new ordinances will improve administration, correct
inconsistencies, and update processes. The new ordinance will help guide development
to designated areas and assist in implementing the goals and objectives of the
Comprehensive Plan.
Mr. Roark explained that the County has made slow and steady progress in an effort to
implement the 2003 Comprehensive Plan with the Adoption of the Route 460 Corridor
Management Plan in 2006; Adoption of Resource Conservation Plan with Future Land
Use Map in 2007; the revision to the Subdivision Ordinance in 2007; the 2008 Citizen’s
Survey; and the 2008 Greenways Master Plan. Mr. Roark explained that the Zoning
Ordinance and Zoning Map will be the main tools for the implementation of the
Comprehensive Plan.
Mr. Roark next explained that the Comprehensive Plan has set the course for correcting
growth management issues and in April the Planning Commission began working on this
challenge as outlined in the Comprehensive Plan. In July of 2006 the Ordinance
Committee began meeting to set a direction and framework. In October 2007 the
Committee presented the draft to the full Planning Commission which was then reviewed
page by page. In December, 2008 the draft zoning map was finalized and then in May,
2009, the Planning Commission’s review was complete and the vote was to forward to
the Board of Supervisors for consideration. Finally, in July 2009 the Board of
Supervisors held a work session to review the planning commission’s recommendations.
Mr. Roark reviewed the impact of the zoning changes.