054
to accept an appointment to Region 2000 representing
Appomattox County and that Mr. Smith had declined. Several
other potential candidates were discussed and the Board by
consensus directed Mr. Rice to talk to a few to see if any
were interested.
Mr. Torrence next asked the Board to reconsider their
decision made at the September 14, 1992 meeting regarding use
of the Recreation Center by non profit and civic groups. A
considerable discussion followed. Mr. Carwile felt exemption
for select groups would be discriminatory and very difficult
to administrator. Mr. Carwile also reminded the Board, the
Community Center Board has recently reviewed the policy of
the Center’s use and recommended the fee structure remain and
be administered uniformly to all. After further discussion,
Mr. Carwile invited the Youth Association to the next
Community Center Board meeting the first Wednesday of October
to further discuss their concerns.
Mr. Rice then informed the Board the next Roundtable
Discussion on Landfills had been set for 10:00 A.M. October
22, 1992 in Buckingham and asked if the Appomattox Board
would like to discuss the host landfill issue with Charlotte,
Nelson, and Buckingham Counties one (1) hour earlier if such
a meeting could be arranged. After discussion, Mr. Carwile
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to set the meeting if
possible with only Charlotte, Nelson, Buckingham and
Appomattox Counties at 9:00 A.M. October 22, 1992. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, nay; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye.
The Board next considered the request from Mr. Charlie
Peterson to attend the SWANA annual conference November 4 and
5, 1992. After discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded
by Mr. Moore to approve Mr. Peterson’s expenses to attend
this conference. The expenses are to include only
registration and not lodging since the conference is to be in
Lynchburg, a commutable distance. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, abstain; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Several supplemental appropriation’s were next considered by
the Board. After some discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $126.00 for extra
postage and $54.00 for travel expenses to an educational
seminar for the Registrar. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $132.69 to pay the Sheriff Association for the
Sheriff’s expenses to attend a convention. The Compensation
Board is to reimburse the County for this expense. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate a total of $1563.00 as the County’s share of the
cost for the background effluent tests at the sewer treatment
plant required by the Water Control Board before the Town is