586
Ms. Rockefeller came forward and stated that she wanted to say thank you to all citizens for their
cooperation during the change and also to thank the citizens that were not so cooperative,
because that also helped her to know what was working and what was not and what needed to be
worked on.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she also wanted to clear up some confusion on things that seem to
keep coming up.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that the sole purpose in having site attendants is to help the citizen.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that citizens have never been required to open their trash and will never
be asked to open their bag of trash and sort. The attendant is instructed on how to educate the
citizen on recycling; Ms Rockefeller stated County residents can use any of the convenience
centers around the county and the time the site attendant is taking with you to give you a tour and
asking for identification is only temporary to familiarize you with what is expected and to make
sure you are a county resident, Ms. Rockefeller stated that they had some problems with being
able to determine if you are a county resident by looking at your address. Ms. Rockefeller stated
that she is working on this and it may be resolved possibly by looking at your car registration and
she is also working with 911 on this issue. There have also been some issues of citizens out of
town taking a family members trash to the sites because they are unable. This is also being
addressed and for now if you know of anyone with this issue they can call the landfill and we
will make arrangements to make sure the attendant is aware they will be coming to the site with
the county resident’s trash. Ms. Rockefeller thanked all the site attendants and stated that she
feels they are doing a super job and feels they learn something new every day. Ms. Rockefeller
stated that we are constantly working to improve the process each day. Ms. Rockefeller stated
that overall she feels the convenience centers are doing really well and we have accomplished a
lot in this short time. Ms. Rockefeller stated that the Promise Land Site is still with no electricity
but hopes to have this resolved by the end of the week. Ms. Rockefeller stated that after doing
some research she found that Appomattox County’s weekly average of tonnage, which we haul
from the sites to the region, is 140 tons five days a week and the preliminary figures for the past
eight days is we hauled 60 tons to the region so there is a decrease. Ms. Rockefeller next called
for any questions that the Board members may have.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Rockefeller to explain the amendment to the waste separation requirements
to enhance recycling efforts in the county. Ms. Rockefeller explained the amendment and then
called for questions.
Mr. Carter questioned if tires are accepted at convenience centers and Ms. Rockefeller stated that
the sites would not accept tires and they do not accept them at the landfill, however, she is
working on a program where you can bring them to the landfill and they will take to Emanuel
Tire. Ms. Rockefeller stated that she would be bringing this to the Board at the next meeting.
Mr. Carter questioned if we accept dead animals at the landfill. Ms. Rockefeller stated that we
have not accepted dead animals since the last cell was closed.
Mr. Tanner stated that the sites look really nice.