023
their efforts would now be directed toward more publicly
visual endeavors in an effort to gain support and
recognition.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of
Schools. Dr. Thomas asked for an appropriation for September
of $773,000.00 to operate the Schools and $174,000.00 to
partially pay for the Schools’ construction projects. The
$174,000.00 from the General Fund will be reimbursed from
Literary Loan money within two (2) weeks. Mr. Torrence made
a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate $947,000.00
for the Schools. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Thomas then informed the Board that by 1995 all schools
Similar to Appomattox High School will be required to have
elevators and that Appomattox was a little ahead of schedule
by installing one (1) at this time. Mr. Carwile asked Dr.
Thomas what’ the policy was on charging tuition to
out-of-county students and what the names of the
out-of-county students were. Also, Mr. Carwile asked if any
out-of-county students were exempted from paying tuition and,
if so, what was the basis of the exemptions. Mr. Thomas
confirmed the out-of-county tuition was $500.00 per year per
student and there were two situations he was aware of where
out-of-county students were exempted from paying tuition - if
they were children of County employees or if they were
"grandfathered in" in 1989 when Appomattox started charging
tuition for out-of-county students. Dr. Thomas assured Mr.
Carwile an updated list of these students would be available
shortly after school started.
Mr. Carwile then asked Mr. Thomas to comment on the Literary
Passport test results recently published in the Lynchburg
newspaper. Dr. Thomas contented the results published in the
newspaper were not accurate regarding scores from Appomattox.
Even so, Dr. Thomas stated he was disappointed and not
Satisfied and that many factors were involved which he is
evaluating and reacting to.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Greg Winston, Regional State
Forester. Mr. Winston reported there were 16 fires covering
15 acres in Appomattox this past season which he considered
reasonable considering the condition of the season. Mr.
Winston thanked the volunteer fire departments for the good
record. Mr. Winston also reported the timberland base for
the region has remained stable at about 68% of the land
area. 82% of the timberland is owned by private citizens and
14% by Timber Companies. Hardwoods have decreased by 3% in
the past five (5) years and accounts’) for 70% of the timber
lands.
Wayne Bowman, State Forester at Appomattox-Buckingham State
Forest next spoke reporting 320 acres of timber had been
harvested at the State Forest and 263 acres had _ been
replanted in pines and 58 acres in hardwoods. Mr. Bowman
then presented the County a check for $28,918.19 which
represents the County’s share of the timber harvested last