485
Mrs. Ferguson began by explaining that the Virginia Department of
Transportation needed the Board to adopt a resolution to abandon and
add sections to Route 653.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has provided this
Board with a sketch dated July 21, 1994, depicting the additions and
abandonments required in the Secondary System of state highways as a
result of Project 0653-006-P86, N501, which sketch is hereby
incorporated herein by reference.
WHEREAS, the new road serves the same citizens as those portions of old
road identified to be abandoned and those segments no longer serve a
public need, and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Board request the Virginia
Department of Transportation to add to the Secondary System of state
highways those portions of road identified by the sketch to be added,
pursuant to Sec. 33.1-229, Code of Virginia, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board abandons as part of the Secondary
System of state highways those portions of road identified by the
sketch to be abandoned, pursuant to Sec. 33.1-155, Code of Virginia;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution be
forwarded to the Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of
Transportation.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson, also, presented a request for a resolution to
temporarily close Route 645 during bridge construction.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution:
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County
held on the 6th of September, 1994.
On motion of Supervisor Frank Carwile seconded by Supervisor Nina
Beasley and duly passed, it was resolved that the following resolution
be adopted:
WHEREAS, The Virginia Department of Transportation is proposing to
replace the existing bridge over Falling River, Route 645, Project
0645-006-P89,D625, with a box culvert, and
WHEREAS, It is necessary to temporarily close the existing Route 645 at
Falling River to through traffic between Routes 643 and 679 in
Appomattox County for a period of approximately 90 days to permit the
construction of a box culvert and roadway approaches.