669
Dr. Grasty discussed the Budget Predictions for 2010-11 and stated the Governor will release
information December 18, 2009. The information should be to the school divisions by January
2010, but stated that the preliminary predictions appear to be bleak.
Dr. Grasty next discussed some budget challenges for 2010-2011 being salary increases for staff:
renovation needed at the Primary and High School; building maintenance, fuel cost; Virginia
Retirement System- unknown; Health Insurance — unknown (but rose 24.4% from 2008-2009);
radio system has to be changed as required by FCC; technology- updating phone system;
technology — complete redundancy on computer system; technology- integration in classrooms;
other challenges being funding cliff that will be created in 2010-11 by Stimulus Funds from
2009-10; maintaining accreditation with less funds while the bar rises upward on required SOL
pass rates; the challenge of doing more with less.
Dr. Grasty thanked the Board for meeting with them and also for supporting the students and
staff.
Dr. Grasty then called for questions and comments from the Board of Supervisors.
After hearing no further discussion from the School Board and the Board of Supervisors Mr.
Craft made a motion to adjourn the joint meeting at 7:07 PM. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s
motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr, Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
The joint meeting adjoyined at 7:07 PM.
LH
Thomas FH. Cdnrad, Chairman
On Monday, November 2, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
a regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Community
Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner ~ Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer - Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant