650
appointed Clark of Cireuit Court on Jane 1, LOTS and baing elactad to and serving in chat position
untd her reGirement, and
WHEREAS, by virtue ofher 40 years of employment, Mg. Barbara &. Wiliams has made &
significant contribution to the fair, efficient and compasstmmate administration of the Court system of
Appomattox County and the State of Virginia, and
WHEREAS, the Anpemattox County Board of Supervisors wishes to express its gratitude and
appreciation to Ms. Barbara R. Williams tor ex 40 years of dedicated service to Appomattox
County.
NOW, THEREFORE, BH IT RESOLVED ty the Appomattox county Board of Supervisors that the
County Board hareby exprassas sts stacare appreciation to Ms, Barbara R. Williams ter har 40
years of dedicated service te Appomattox County, with the last 34 yuans of that service as Clark of
the Cireutt Court of Appomattox County, and
BE IU FORTHER RESOLVED that the County Board further wishes Ms. Barbara &. Williams 4
dong 4nd Lappy retirement, and
BE IT FORTHER RESOLVED that the County Clark is hereby directed to sand a copy of this
Resolution to Ms. Barbara 8. Williams.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the Resolution of Appreciation for Barbara Williams
upon her retirement. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called
for discussion, hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
It was the consensus of the Board to invite Ms. Williams to the October 19", 2009 Board
of Supervisors meeting and present her with this resolution.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #2A- Consideration of Adoption of
the Solid Waste Ordinance changes. Chairman Conrad stated that a public hearing had
been held on the proposed amendments and all is in order to move forward with a
decision on adopting the changes as proposed. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the Amendments of the Solid Waste Ordinance as
presented and make them effective immediately. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s
motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
Approval of Bills
Approval of Minutes
June 22, 2009 — Special Called Meeting with EDA
July 7, 2009 — Special Called meeting
July 7, 2009 — Regular Scheduled Meeting