538
13, Nothing in this Resolution, the Bonds or any documents executed or delivered in relation
thereto shall constitute a debt or a pledge of the faith and credit of the Authority or the
County, and the Authority shall not be obligated to make any payments under the Bonds or
the Documents except from payments made by or on behalf of the County under the Lease
Agreement pursuant to annual appropriation thereof in accordance with applicable law.
14. The County hereby designates the Bonds in the principal amount of up to $14,900,000 as
“qualified tax-exempt obligations” for the purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code, and
allocates to the Authority in relation to the issuance of the Bonds, up to $14,900,000 of its
allocation of “qualified tax-exempt obligations” for the purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the
Code. The County has not issued, and does not reasonably anticipate (nor do any of its
subordinate entities reasonably anticipate) issuing more than $30,000,000 in qualified tax
exempt obligations during calendar year 2009 and the County (and any of its subordinate
entities) will not designate more than $30,000,000 of qualified tax-exempt obligations
pursuant to Section 265(b)(3) of the Code during such calendar year.
15, The Board hereby reaffirms and declares, in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulation
Section 1.150-2, as amended from time to time, the County’s intent to reimburse the County
with the proceeds of the 2009B Bond for expenditures with respect to the Project, made on or
after March 4, 2009, which date is no more than 60 days prior to the date of the adoption of
the Initial Resolution referred to in the preambles of this Resolution. The County reasonably
expects that it will reimburse the expenditures with the proceeds of the 2009B Bond. The
maximum principal amount of the tax-exempt obligations expected to be issued for the
Project is $3,500,000.
16. The County Treasurer is hereby authorized but not required to invest proceeds of the Bonds,
as appropriate, in the State Non-Arbitrage Program.
17. This resolution shall take effect immediately.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Sanderson and Mr. Siegel for their hard work.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — Musical Festival Permit Application and
explained that Ken and Bonnie Swanson are requesting a permit to hold their annual music
festival on June 13” and they are requesting that the Board waive the bond requirement.
Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending approval of this permit and also waiving the
bond requirement since the festival is being held on private property. Chairman Conrad called
for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the festival permit and to waive the bond requirement. Mr.
Moore seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a
vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 — Special Meeting and explained that
Congressman Perriello had confirmed that May 27, 2009 at 4:00 p.m. he will be available to