438
After discussion and review, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to approve the School Board’s FY95 budget as revised on May 18
1994 by the Board of Supervisors. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms.
Beasley, nay; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked the status of the pecan tree.
Ms. Ferguson explained that numerous attempts have been made to reach
Mr. Kinne, but as to date these attempts have been unsuccessful.
Mr. Torrence informed the Board that Mr. John Hix, who was appointed | to
the Board of Assessors, is ill and will be unable to fulfill his
Guties. Mr. Torrence asked the Board if it would be acceptable to ask
Henry Richardson to fill this vacancy. By consensus, all agreed.
Being no further business, and by consensus of the Board, the meeting
was adjourned. ]
Dg bas 5 TR
Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held on June 6, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the Board of Supervisor’s meeting
room, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Mr. Torrence called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked
Supervisor Carwile to give the invocation.
Mr. Torrence next presented the minutes for correction and approval.
Hearing no corrections, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to approve the minutes of the regular meeting of April 4, 1994
recessed meetings of April, 5, 1994; April 12, 1994; April 18, 1994;
April 25, 1994; public hearings of April 26, 1994; and regular meeting
of May 2, 1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone wished to add anything to the agenda at
this time. Mr. Torrence continued by saying that he wished to discuss