222
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
—_
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr,
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley that the Board ask
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator to resign immediately and serve on
standby as consultant for two months with pay. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore if Mr. Rice will not
resign, the Board will terminate his employment effective immediately
with two months consultants pay. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Vv
Being no further business and with agreement of the other Board
members, Mr. Jamerson adjourned the meeting until the June 28, 199
Public Hearing.
Lee)
yTM
f
A /%. AA. A
V7
Chairman
\
% j
LAA _
A Public Hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
Monday, June 28, 1993 at 7:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, North Church Street, Appomattox, Virginia.