428
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Conner and then called on Mr. Fred Godsey to appear before the
Board to present the revised Emergency Operations Plan and answer any questions that the
Board may have. Chairman Conrad stated that Mr. Godsey would be asking the Board to adopt a
resolution to adopt the revised Emergency Operation Plan as submitted.
Mr. Godsey stated that he has two reasons to appear before the Board one being to present the
revised Emergency Operations Plan for the Board’s adoption and second to answer any concerns
or questions that the Board may have on the revisions that have been made.
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels Mr. Godsey had done an excellent job on this plan and feels it has
been done in a very professional manner.
Mr. Craft stated that he also feels it is excellent and is sure that a lot of time has been spent on
this project.
Mr. Carter stated that he had not read the entire plan but in what he has read feels it is an
excellent plan.
Chairman Conrad stated that this plan is excellent and seems to cover most any emergency
concern that the County may have, and it is always good to be prepared.
Mr. Craft stated that the pipeline explosion is an excellent example of a good emergency
operation plan.
Mr. Godsey stated that this plan will need to be updated and adopted every four years.
Resolution
Emergency Operations Plan
WHEREAS the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia recognizes the need to
prepare for, respond to, and recover from natural and manmade disasters; and
WHEREAS Appomattox County has a responsibility to provide for the safety and well being of
its citizens and visitors; and
WHEREAS Appomattox County has established and appointed a Director, Deputy Director and
Coordinator of Emergency Management.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County,
Virginia, this Emergency Operations Plan as revised is officially adopted, and
IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED AND ORDERED that the Director of Emergency Management,
or his/her designee, are tasked and authorized to maintain and revise as necessary this document
over the next four (4) year period or until such time be ordered to come before this Board.