472
amount being requested by the Board of Supervisors. The amount being requested is
$3.5 million which is reflected in the updated resolution.
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors voted in December, 2006 to commit to the
Route 460 Water Line Project from Concord to the town limits of the Town of Appomattox; and
WHEREAS, on January 20, 2009 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors authorized the County
Administrator to begin engineering and design and move forward through construction of the
Route 460 Water Line; and
WHEREAS, the Route 460 Water Line Project consists of 7.5 miles of twelve (12) inch ductile iron pipe
and appurtenances along the main transportation corridor for the County; and
WHEREAS, during the most recent drought of record Appomattox County found its well water supply for
individual users strained by the impacts of the drought, thus prompting the search for an
alternative source of water; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County and Campbell County Utilities and Service Authority are cooperating on
this project for the water source, which will be the Otter River; and
WHEREAS, the Route 460 Water Line Project will greatly enhance the quality of life for residents along
this corridor by providing a safe, reliable, and public source of water; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has identified 106 potential customers that could immediately benefit
from this project by reducing iron and manganese levels currently experienced by private well
use; and
WHEREAS, public safety will be greatly enhanced along the Route 460 Corridor due to increased fire
flows for established commercial businesses and making hydrants available for fire protection to
homes; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby agree to seek additional funding
for the Route 460 Water Line Project from the Office of Drinking Water in the
amount of $3,5000,000; and
WHEREAS, future economic development along the Route 460 Corridor will rely upon this water source
and will improve the tax base for all citizens of Appomattox County;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby
support the submittal of the “Application for Construction Funds” through the Virginia Department of
Health Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the amendment to the resolution of support for the
VDH Grant application. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #8 — Consideration of a Waterworks
Master Plan and explained that since the County has decided to move forward with the
initial part of the County water system, staff believes it would be prudent to instruct the
County’s engineering firm to begin work on a master plan to determine how best to meet