232
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Peterson if he had been able to obtain an
estimate on the additional cost of installing 18" of clay liner in this
area instead of the 12" that the Board had previously approved.
Mr. Peterson did not have an estimate as of this date.
Mr. Jamerson presented a request for an appropriation from the landfil]
bond money. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence ta
appropriate $69,370.00 from the landfill bond fund for the month of
July 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson informed the Board that he was not satisfied with the
covering of Cell "E" and "F". He has contacted Hurt & Proffitt anc
expressed his concern and they are contacting D. S. Nash to make
corrections.
Mr. Carwile brought before the Board the subject of Tina Carter’s
salary increase for FY94. It was agreed, by consensus of the Board
that the 5% salary increase given when Mrs. Carter comes off probation
will be the only increase she will receive for FY94.
Mr. Jamerson questioned whether any surveys had been done on any of the
other prospective transfer sites.
Mr. Peterson explained that the title search has not been completed at
this point and this needs to be done prior to the survey. Mr. Peterson
will report back to the Board with a plan for construction on new large
transfer sites.
After further discussion concerning the condition of container sites in
the County, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Peterson.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mrs. Ferguson to go over the Administrative Items
with the Board.
Mr. Ferguson brought up the first item for discussion, Payments-in-Lieu
of Taxes. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore for Mrs
Ferguson to write letters to our Senator & Congressman in support of
S.455 and HR1181. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson asked if anyone was interested in attending the Local
Government Officers Conference in August. Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley that Mrs. Ferguson attend the LGOC in August
1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Library Board requests the Board of Supervisors appoint someone
from the Appomattox River District to replace Deborah Powell whose term
expires 7/1/93.