647
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter delivered the invocation which was then
followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Added to the agenda was
Administrative Item 2A- Consideration of Adoption of Solid Waste Ordinance Changes.
Chairman Conrad next called for public comment; hearing none, Chairman Conrad called
on Mr. Bill Jamerson to appear before the Board.
Mr. Jamerson came forward and stated that he was here tonight to talk about the water
line, and then stated that he supported the decision the Board had made in proceeding
with the waterline. Mr. Jamerson stated that he feels that this is one of the most
important decisions that the Board has had to make in a long time. He also stated that he
thinks this is important enough to quit drawing lines in the sand with the Town and start
doing what is right for this County and Town. Mr. Jamerson stated that he has copies of
seventeen letters and a resolution and ten letters were written from the County to the
Town and six letters and a resolution written by the Town to the County along with one
letter from the EDA to both the County and Town regarding this water line and he has
read them all and he thinks it is time to put all of this letter writing aside. Mr. Jamerson
stated that there is too much at stake here. Mr. Jamerson stated that there are a lot of
opportunities out here and there are items that can be negotiated, but he does not feel
these points can be negotiated with the entire Board and Town Council involved. Mr.
Jamerson suggested forming a smaller committee to work on this. Mr. Jamerson stated
that he has not seen where anything has been accomplished with all this letter writing and
he is asking the Board to stop writing letters and start meeting and talking with the Town.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he had also met with the Town and had spoken with the same
message. Mr. Jamerson then thanked the Board for allowing him to come and speak.
Chairman Conrad next called on Ms. Alice Rockefeller and stated that Ms. Rockefeller
would be providing the Board with information relating to the installation of lights at the
convenience centers in order to keep them open longer hours during the winter months.
Ms. Rockefeller came forward and stated that she first wanted to take the opportunity to
update the Board on the operating figures for the convenience sites. Ms. Rockefeller
stated that at the same period last year they had hauled 603 tons of solid waste to the
Regional Landfill and this year we have taken 371 tons, which is a 40 percent decrease in
the amount of solid waste being hauled from the sites to the Regional Landfill. Ms.
Rockefeller next updated the board on recycling and stated that last year at this time we
were averaging about two tons of paper per month and in this quarter we have had 25
tons. Ms. Rockefeller next stated that in metal they were averaging seven tons a month
and now are averaging about 11 tons a month and with cardboard last year they averaged
1 ton per month and this quarter we have had 13 tons. Ms. Rockefeller stated that when
you put dollar figures on this it will equal to about a $104,000 increase in revenue due to
increase in recycling and with the savings on solid waste disposal.