420
Chairman Conrad stated that these subdivision ordinances are created to protect the community
as you grow however there is no perfect situation to any one thing and as it is you are allowed
room for these waivers under circumstance that would be less than desirable. Based on what Mr.
Tanner has said these three qualifications for a waiver which point this out adamantly, but of
course you can also state that you have this section in the subdivision ordinance which is there to
protect. Mr. Conrad stated that he does not like overturning the Planning Commission decision
and it is not good policy to create ways to give waivers. Chairman Conrad stated with all of this
being said he is in favor of granting this waiver.
Chairman Conrad called for further discussion, heating none; Mr. Craft made a motion to grant a
waiver of the subdivision ordinance Section 6.3 Frontage on Improved Roads to Mr. Bobby
Goodman with location being on the old Mays Farm located just outside of Town on Peach
Street. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman
Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye,
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — Discussion on the Continued Development
of the Community Recreation Park and called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if anyone is interested they are more than welcome to review the plans
which are located at the Community Center and at the County Administrator’s office. Ms.
Ferguson stated that Mr. Park Snead donated his time to draw these plans for the park. Ms.
Ferguson stated that the proposed building is a two story building press box and a concession
stand; however there has been some discussion that the building would not be tall enough to see
one of the fields in the area. Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Jamerson has been up there and shot
some elevations of his own and feels the building would be sufficient. Ms. Ferguson stated that
she had been approached by the Youth Association and they would like to have funding to have
another set of plans drawn up to make the building a three story building to make seeing of all
the fields better and also give them some storage area in the lower section of the building. Ms.
Ferguson stated that Ms. Dixon and she are wanting the Board to direct them in the manner that
they would have them to go on this matter. Ms. Ferguson also stated that they have been
working on getting water and sewer to this site and Mr. Fred Kruschwitz has donated many
hours of architectural services on this so that funds that we have received can be used for
infrastructure. Ms. Ferguson stated that there have been many people who have donated time
and energy to this project.
Mr. Craft questioned what the cost estimates would be on a two story building versus a three
story building.
Ms. Ferguson explained that it would cost approximately $2000 to get new plans drawn up and
she has no idea of the cost of a three story building.
Mr. Conrad stated that a three story building would be a lot bigger structure and based on the
submitted plans it would behoove the Board to study them more before making any decisions.