341
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve Petition RZ08003 — Mini Ball Lane. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the recommendation from the Planning Commission on Petition
CUP08005-Lawson Family Trust/Comerstone Christian Academy
For reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the
Appomattox County Planning Commission moves to recommend approval of the petition for a
conditional use permit to locate an off-premise sign on property identified as Tax Map # 63-A-11
with the following conditions:
1. The sign shall be removed in the event that another business locates in the existing
industrial building on this property and said business desires to erect a sign.
2. The sign shall be removed upon completion of the planned road improvements
(widening) of Route 613 (Police Tower Road).
3. The sign shall be limited to a maximum of thirty-two (32) square feet.
4, Temporary sign structures shall be allowed seasonally for a maximum of two (2)
periods per year for not more than forty-five (45) days each.
5, The fundraising sign attached to the side of the main sign shall be removed within
twelve (12) months of the conditional use permit approval.
Mr. Conrad also stated that this sign was installed before approval of this petition. Mr.
Conrad asked Mr. Roark, Planner to advise applicants in the future to not proceed with
any action until approved.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve Petition CUP08005- Lawson Family Trust/Corner
Stone Christian Academy. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — Request for Approval of Animal
Rabies Clinic and called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson explained that it is necessary for the Board to approve this clinic according
to the State code before the clinic can be held.
Ms. Ferguson stated that these types of rabies clinics have been approved in the past.
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels rabies of clinics are necessary due to Appomattox County
having several animals test positive for rabies in the past several years.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the request for a rabies clinic to be held by the
Blue Gray Hunt Club on September 18, 2008. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s
motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.