474
the 2006 Preliminary Engineering Report done by Draper Aden, Chairman Conrad called
on Mr. Dickerson to come and report to the Board on the cost of construction.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Dickerson had given his report to the Board during his
earlier appearance for the Boards consideration.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter complimented Mr. Dickerson on a job well done.
Mr. Dickerson stated that figures could possibly change once they move further along
with the design.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the cost of construction for the Route 460 Water
line as presented by Mr. Earl Dickerson, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. Mr. Craft seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9- Insurance for Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department and explained that the County Administrator has met with
Timmy Garrett, Fire Chief for Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department and reviewed the
proposal presented to them by Donnie Thornhill for property, casualty and vehicle
insurance for one year. Mr. Garrett is requesting that the County pay the premium in the
amount of $10,758.50. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft questioned if some of the vehicles were going to be covered by VACo? Ms.
Ferguson explained that all of the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department vehicles
would be covered by Cabell Insurance due to getting a cheaper rate by putting buildings
and vehicles with the same insurance company.
The Board took a five minute recess.
Chairman Conrad called for further discussion on Administrative Item#9 ~ Insurance for
Appomattox County Volunteer Fire Department.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve Mr. Garrett’s request for the County to pay their
insurance in the amount of $10,758.50. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #10- Request for a Burning Ban and
reminded the Board that Mrs. Scanlon approached them once before requesting that the
Board impose a ban on outdoor burning in areas where the homes are close together. The
Board chose at that time not to impose an ordinance banning burning in highly populated
areas. Mrs. Scanton is requesting that you reconsider your decision due to the new
legislation banning smoking in restaurants. Chairman Conrad called for discussion from