269
concerning needs at the landfill and the most efficient method to meet
these needs.
Mr. Jamerson requested the Board consider Landfill Bond Appropriation
Request for September 1993. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by
Mrs. Beasley to appropriate $107,615.10 for the month of September 1993
from the Landfill Bond Fund to cover the following expenses:
D. S. Nash $ 77,695.65
D. S. Nash 13,500.00
Hurt & Proffitt 9,075.12
Coleman & Sons 63.54
A. B. Enterprises 263.60
Central Virginia Labs 1,829.50
Longyear 390.69
Caterpillar Lease 2,165.00
Caterpillar Lease 2,660.00
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; My
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Peterson and called Mrs. Am
Lawson, Recreation Director.
Mrs. Lawson began by presenting the Board with information concerning
improvements made at the ballpark within the last three months. After
discussion, the Board by consensus placed the ballpark under the
direction of the Recreation Director. Mr. Jamerson thanked Mrs. Lawson
y
d
for her dedication and recommended she get with the Recreation Advisor
Committee to formulate some guidelines for the use of the ballpark t
present to the Board at a later date.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mrs. Lawson and recognized Mr. Freddie Godsey
Fire Chief, Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department, to appear before th
Board. Mr. Godsey gave the Board of Supervisors a detailed report oa
fire department activities for the past three (3) years. Mr. Godse
listed some of the purchases made by the fire department from fund
other than County funds. A discussion followed concerning fire fun
allocation to Pamplin and Appomattox Volunteer Departments.
Oth be
Mr. Jamerson presented a request from the Fire Department for funds fo
Haz-Mat Conference. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrenc
to approve payment of $940.50 to the Radisson Hotel for room charge
for the Haz-Mat Conference. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Oy
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter intd
Executive Session to discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and My
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the followin
resolution was adopted:
ve}