601
WHEREAS, the proposed phosphorus standard of .28 pounds per acre per year for new
development is unduly restrictive and will greatly affect design and development of new sites;
and
WHEREAS, the County request additional evaluation of the full impact of this standard prior to
implementation; and :
WHEREAS, implementation of the new standard will severely limit development in the urban
areas; and
WHEREAS, the proposed regulation will further promote urban spraw! as land developers seek
out larger lots. The proposed standard will be more easily achieved on less developed properties;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that Appomattox County strongly recommends that
the regulation, as proposed, not be adopted, rather the standards be more thoroughly studied and
realistic standards adopted; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County request that the Commonwealth of Virginia
provide funding assistance to all localities for the development of comprehensive storm water
programs; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution opposing this unfunded mandate
be sent to each county located within the Commonwealth of Virginia, the Virginia Association of
Counties, Governor Kaine, our state and federal representatives, the Director of the Virginia
Department of Conservation and Recreation, and the Secretary of the Environmental Protection
Agency.
Mr. Carter made a motion to support the Resolution Opposing Storm Water Management
Regulations as presented. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vice-Chairman Tanner
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item#8- Health Insurance Renewal and
explained that Ms. Ferguson will be providing information on health insurance renewal.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the School Board has conducted a study of the following companies for
health insurance renewal Anthem, Atena, Cigna, United Healthcare, Piedmont, Southern Health.
The following companies was interviewed Anthem, Piedmont, Southern Health by members of
the School Administration , Ms. Lucado and Ms. Ferguson from the County Administrators staff.
The School’s recommendation is to renew with Anthem with the Key Care and Blue Care
Programs. The reason for this recommendation is Anthem network is nationwide and for the
retiree benefits. Anthem out of pocket deductible is in favor of those with lots of health issues,
the lifetime claim limit is limitless, renewal cost is up 19.4 percent which is 3.6 percent greater
than Piedmont and 2.9 percent greater than Southern Health, however, Anthem renewal will be