038
Room, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday,
September 14, 1992 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. The invocation was given by Supervisor Moore.
Minutes for the meetings of July 23, 1992, August 10, 1992,
August 18, 1992, and August 27, 1992 were presented for
approval, copies having been transmitted to members of the
Board prior to the meeting.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley it was
resolved to dispense with reading of these minutes. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson called for corrections, comments, and/or
questions on any or all of the minutes. Hearing none, Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the
minutes of the Board’s meetings of July 23, August 10, August
18, and August 27, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Resident
Engineer Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms. Lindsey
informed the Board the proposal to shorten the median strip
for the proposed Route 26 improvement had been approved and
the plans are currently being revised. This will permit
local residences access to both lanes of Route 26 without
having to drive a long round-about way. Also, Ms. Lindsey
reported the VDOT’s' Design Engineers in Richmond are
considering building a ramp onto Route 460 for westbound
traffic from the Town of Appomattox. As the plans now stand,
this traffic would have to cross over Route 460 on Route 26
and turn left onto the Route 26 westbound Route 460 access
ramp.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsey for a Virginia Department of
Transportation directional sign at the Community Center. Ms.
Lindsey explained the procedure involved and stated she would
check with the Traffic Department in the Lynchburg District
Office.
Mr. Carwile mentioned he had had a couple flat tires caused
by very sharp gravel which the Virginia Department of
Transportation has been using recently. Ms. Lindsey
explained she had had several other complaints about this and
that Virginia Department of Transportation’s Material
Engineers are checking the source of the gravel and the