508
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board of Supervisors agreed td
allow the School Board to make all appointments to the Committee that
would oversee this program.
Mrs. Ferguson presented several requests from the Historic Appomattox
Railroad Festival Board.
After discussion, Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
allow the Courthouse Square Complex be used October 8 and 9 for Good
Ole Days. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve
fireworks display permit for Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival for
October 8, 1994 at 8:00 P.M. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next reviewed a notice from Virginia Retirement System to
adopt a resolution giving County employees a 3% increase in benefits
upon retirement. Mrs. Ferguson explained that Constitutional Officers
and their staff would automatically receive this increase and the
Compensation Board only pays a portion of the cost with the County
paying the balance. Mrs. Ferguson continued by explaining that no
increase in cost would occur until July 1996, at which time this
benefit would cost the County .94% of covered payroll.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr. Paulette
to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
POLITICAL SUBDIVISION RESOLUTON TO PROVIDE A 3% BENEFIT
INCREASE FOR CURRENT AND FUTURE RETTREES
Be it resolved that the County of Appomattox, Virginia does hereby
elect to provide a 3% retirement allowance increase as provided in the
Code of Virginia, Section 51.1-130, 51.1-155, 55.1-157 as applicable
for its eligible current and future retirees under employer code
(5-5105).
Be it also resolved that the County of Appomattox, Virginia agrees to
accept all liability for any current or future additional employer
contributions and any increases in current or future employer
contribution rates resulting from its election to provide the increase
in benefits to its current and future retirees.
Be it further resolved that the County of Appomattox, Virginia elects
to allow its eligible current and future retirees to receive the
benefit increase effective October 1, 1994.
Now, therefore, Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman of the Appomattox County
Board of Superviosrs and Aileen T. Ferguson, Clerk of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors, are hereby authorized and directed in the
name of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to execute any