594
On Monday, August 3, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building, located at
153A Morton Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner ~ Wreck Island District
Samuel E. Carter ~ Appomattox Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Johnnie Roark — Planner
ABSENT: Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Vice -Chairman Tanner called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Tanner delivered the invocation which was then
followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Vice-Chairman Tanner called for the setting of the agenda. Item##15B was added to the Consent
Agenda -Designated Fund Balances.
Vice-Chairman Tanner called for Public Comment and explained the procedure for addressing
the Board during this time.
Having no public comment, Vice-Chairman Tanner called on Ms. Alice Rockefeller to appear
before the Board to discuss the convenience center hours and concerns that the Board had
mentioned at a previous meeting.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she had checked into some concerns that had been brought to her
attention and she was here to report her findings.
Ms. Rockefeller first addressed churches being able to use the convenience centers and stated
that she had contacted her neighboring counties and found that churches are treated as residential
customers instead of businesses. Ms. Rockefeller stated that they are required to separate their
trash as all residents, however, Ms. Rockefeller stated that some neighboring counties are also
treating non- profit organizations as residential customers. Ms. Rockefeller stated that
neighboring counties are letting small businesses use convenience sites with a limit of one
pickup truck a day. Ms. Rockefeller stated that she would like the Board to keep in mind that a
small business would have a small amount of trash and she does not feel it would affect the
convenience sites, but it would cost the county in paying the regional landfill for this trash and to
haul to the regional! landfill.