036
"right around the corner from the property in question".
Mrs. Powell spoke supporting Mr. Sefter’s views. She
expressed her desire to maintain the neighborhood as is to
avoid the "problems associated with the more dense housing
permitted in R-2 zones", Mrs. Powell said she thought she
spoke for nearly everyone living on her street.
Larry Justice next spoke and stated he concurred with Mr.
Sefter and Mrs. Powell.
Mrs. Faye Bugg next spoke stating Mr. Sefter lives "across a
little branch that divides zone 2 from zone 1 and Mr. Sefter
lives in zone 2", Mrs. Bugg continued by informing the
boards that if they build apartments in the future, there
will only be four (4) apartments anda single family house
with a basement apartment on the property. She continued
with the assurance there would not be any offensive noise
from the property.
Mrs. Frances Guill of 2 Maple Street, Appomattox, Virginia
spoke next supporting the request for rezoning. Mrs. Guill
began by stating her property is adjacent to the Bugg’s
property. Continuing, Mrs. Guill explained she would like to
see the apartments built because her daughter is interested
in renting an apartment and she (Mrs. Guill) also would
sooner or later, be looking for an apartment to live in as
her "family is growing up and moving out". Mrs. Guill
further stated she would be looking for an apartment she felt
would be taken good care of and one that would not be sold to
a foreign investor.
Mr. Bugg next spoke pointing out his’ intentions to first
build the basement apartment next to the street and later
building the apartments in an area where trees would shield
them from view. He continued by assuring the Boards there
would only be two (2) apartments and a house with a rental
basement apartment built on the lot. Mr. Bugg continued by
stating no "trouble makers" would be allowed to rent the
apartments and that no rental agents were going to be
involved.
Mr. Sefter next spoke referring to the Town’s Zoning map
pointing out the Zoning boundaries, the location of his
property, and the location of the Bugg’s_ property. Mr.
Sefter also assured the boards he believed Mr. Bugg would
maintain order at the apartments, but he was concerned the
property would change hands "sooner or later".
Mrs. Powell again spoke relating her concerns regarding the
property’s ownership changing hands.
Mr. Torrence asked for any other comments. Hearing none, Mr.
Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-172 of Mr. Leroy C. Wooldridge
to rezone property in Bertha White Subdivision from R-1 to
R-2 to permit mobile homes. The property is located on Route
601 between Routes 696 and 627.