4he2
Belter to attend the 1994 Annual Treasurer’s Convention. Vote: Mr.
Torrence aye, Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator from the landfill bond account. Mrs. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $2,943.00 for the month of
June from the landfill bond account. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Gene Richardson, Sheriff
for an appropriation from the Asset/Forfeiture Account. Mr. Carwile
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate $451.74 from the
Asset/Forfeiture Account. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
The next appropriation request was from Barbara Williams, Circuit Court
Clerk for compensation of jurors. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Mr. Paulette to make a supplemental appropriation in the amount of
$880.00 for compensation of jurors. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye
A request was presented from Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court for
a supplemental appropriation for telephones. Mr. Paulette made a
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to make a supplemental appropriation to
Juvenile & Domestic Relations Court FY94 budget of $36.88 to cover
telephone expenses. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained a request from Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department for additional funds to cover expenses incurred during the
recent ice storms. After a lengthy discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to make a supplemental appropriation of
$200.00 to Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Jail for additional inmate
housing funds. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
make a supplemental appropriation of $7,407.94 to the jail for inmate
housing. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
D-
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for final appropriation for the
Health Department construction project. Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mr. Paulette to make a supplemental appropriation of
$3,066.26 to General Properties to cover final expenses related to
Health Department renovation. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next explained that additional funding has been approved
from the State for the Office on Youth FY94 grant period. This funding
requires no additional local match but will need to be added to Mrs.
Lawson’s budget. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to