382
period between 20 and 30 years is where facilities require increasing amounts of annual
maintenance and more frequent replacement of worn out equipment. During phase three,
from 30 to 40 years is where general maintenance needs increase rapidly. Most of the
original equipment should have been replaced and major items such as roofs and lighting
fixtures, will need replacing during this time period. These should not be viewed as
emergencies, but as necessities arising from the natural aging of building. During phase
four, from 40 to 50 years is a time of accelerated deterioration. In most instances, the
needs, neighborhood or community has changed, and the school, for instance may no
longer be located where the children are. A 50 year old building frequently is too new to
abandon but too old to be an effective resource of the district. During phase five, more
than 50 years is usually when the building should be reconstructed or abandoned.
Mr. Smith next gave a briefing on the average life span of the mechanical, electrical
systems for each of the schools and the school administration building.
Mr. Smith next talked about the existing space utilization for each of the schools. Mr.
Smith stated that they have looked at the current trends and education and based their
options and projections for space utilization.
Ms. Jones stated that we are now in the 21" Century and our children and teachers are
different than they were years ago. The digital influence is tremendous in our society
today and schools are more community centers with a lot of activity going on after school
with lots of people using the schools on weekends for various things. Localization has
had an impact on schools. There are also alternative methods of delivery now, where it
was not years ago which was pretty much a one way delivery of children. Ms. Jones
explained that we now have small schools in large schools, which is now at our current
Elementary School. Ms. Jones stated that all of this has changed the way our schools
operate.
Ms. Jones and Mr. Smith discussed the key issues with each of the schools and school
related buildings while providing schematic drawings to show these key issues and the
different changes needed for each school while also providing different options that are
recommended for fixing these issues.
Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones next discussed cost estimates. Ms. Jones explained that school
construction cost have increased significantly in the last two decades. Ms. Jones stated
that the state averages have increased 54% in the last five years. Ms. Smith also
explained that the designs of schools have become more sophisticated over the last 20
years. It was explained that as compared to schools constructed in the 1960’s and 70’s
the introduction of air condition in the late 1970’s and early 1980’s, the wiring and
purchase of technology equipment in the 1990’s, the inclusion of specialty vocational
classrooms and the design of better constructed building have all contributed to
significant increase in costs.
Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones explained that they have tried to be conservative with these
estimates and view them as a planning tool versus a number that should be used to secure