147
code sections as advertised and to rezone the Mabel Moore Lime Plant
property will be deferred until the matter can be re-advertised and all
adjoining landowners are properly notified.
Mr. Lawson explained the County Board of Supervisors had obtained
specialized outside council from Richmond Virginia for advice on
technical Zoning matters and had been advised to rezone the property in
the FH district because:
1. Under the existing zoning ordinance, the County has imposed an
Environmental Hazard District that has no permitted uses. This
probably should not have been done. As a matter of law, this probably
was wrong as it constitutes taking of someone’s property and is legally
suspect. For example, if the County solcl the Landfill property or Mrs.
Moore sold Lime Plant property, the new owners could do nothing with it
except operate the lime plant and landfill.
2. The Comprehensive Plan for Appomattox County has the Lime
Plant property and Landfill property zoned A-1. Therefore, EH zoning
is inconsistent with the comprehensive plan and future land use of the
County and, by changing the zoning, the County will be creating a zone
in which the land may be used.
3. The County is presently involvecl in a lawsuit concerning the
County’s landfill and their Zoning Ordinance. The County has spent a
large sum of money defending this suit, and on advice of its attorney,
feel that these changes in their zoning ordinance will make the suit
moot and the suit will be dismissed, saving the County a lot of money.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mr. Lawson and askecl if any of the Board members
cared to comment. Hearing no response, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell
to read the Petition concerning the County’s property at the Landfill.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 93-190 of Appomattox County to rezone a 234
acre parcel on Route 632 approximately 2.4 miles from its intersection
with Route 634 from FH to A-1.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from anyone in favor of or opposed to the
petition. Hearing no response Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone had any
questions. Hearing none, Mr. Jamerson declared the public hearing
Closed at 7:41 P.M.
Mr. Jamerson stated the Board of Supervisors would remain in session
awaiting the recommendation from the Plarming Commission concerning
rezoning petition 93-190. The Planning Commission moved to its meeting
room in the back of the Courtroom to consider the petition. Mr. Lawson
informed the audience the Planning Commisision’s meeting was opened to
the public and invited those that cared to to attend.
In the meantime, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Rice if there was any business
to be brought before the Board.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of the status: of the Summer Youth
Employment Grant. No action was required or taken. It was decided by
consensus to further explore the possibilities of this program with the
School Board’s administrative staff.