467
Mr. Dickerson came forward and stated that he has provided the Board with some
information that he feels would be of interest.
Mr. Dickerson stated that Hurt & Profitt is having a challenge on the survey with Miss
Utility getting their job done in an accurate and timely fashion. Mr. Dickerson stated that
this is a concern. Mr. Dickerson stated that after meeting with Campbell County and
talking with Mike Dameron, they had similar problems with this. Mr. Dameron
explained that Miss Utility did not identify some lines and some were wrongly identified
which became costly to Campbell County.
Mr. Dickerson stated that Miss Utility is a free service and it was recommended by
Campbell County that Appomattox may want to consider hiring a private company to
come and to finish marking the underground utility lines.
Mr. Dickerson stated as far as Hurt & Proffitt they are doing well with the survey and
stated that they have now completed two and a half miles on the plan sheet for designers
to start working on, they will have the rest completed in a couple of weeks.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he had met with Campbell County today and it had been a very
informative meeting.
Mr. Dickerson next began explaining the hand out that he had given to the Board before
the meeting. Mr. Dickerson went over the cost estimate as to where Hurt & Proffitt is
with the design now using an estimated number.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he had spoken with a local contractor and discussed how he
would like to see the contract broken into several different sections to give smaller local
contractors an opportunity to bid this project.
Mr. Dickerson next explained the water rates for the surrounding counties and then stated
that the recommendation for Appomattox County provisional rate minimum bill to be ten
dollars a month. Mr. Dickerson gave an explanation on how Hurt & Proffitt had come up
with this rate.
Mr. Conrad questioned if a customer connects but does not hook up, would they be
receiving a bill for the minimum amount? Mr. Dickerson stated that was correct that we
would be maintaining an active account and that would be the cost for this.
Mr. Dickerson explained further how the water rates are calculated.
Mr. Dickerson stated that Hurt & Proffitt recommends that Appomattox County start
charging that minimal provisional rate as soon as the water line is ready to be used, which
will not be for some time.