505
Mr. Conrad stated that he wanted Item 1-B clarified by CCUSA.
There was discussion of the Board on the Term and Renewal portion of the contract which is 20
year term.
There was general discussion of the minimum purchase of water which is 31,000 gallons per
day.
Mr. Roark called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Dickerson stated it would be his recommendation to remove on page six, Item D as he did
not feel it is something they would need.
Mr. Roark called for other questions that the Board may have, hearing no other questions, Mr.
Craft made a motion to enter into closed session per section 2.2-3711(A)7 Code of Virginia,
consultation of legal counsel, at 7:12 P.M. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman
Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to return to regular session at 8:12 P.M. Mr. Carter seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Certification for a Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad called for Mr. Roark to come and explain the organization of a Utility
Department.