528
request for funds. Mr. Williams stated that the School Board understands the constraints of the
economy and have already in their budget process addressed economic shortfalls and the
proposed budget already represents a 1.1 million reduction over last year’s budget. Mr. Williams
stated that with the cut in the budget of $367,310 this would result in dismissal of employees.
He then asked the Board to consider reinstating the $367,310 to the School Board budget.
Mr. Williams stated he had one additional request concerning the budgeting process in which he
finds the same every year where the School Board provides their budget to the Board and the
Board only funds a portion of their request and then he finds himself in the public hearing
defending the School Board’s original request. Mr. Williams stated that either the Board of
Supervisors does not make public education a priority or for some reason the Board is skeptical
about the School Boards budgeting process or specific expenditures. Mr. Williams stated that he
is sure the Board does see public education as a priority however he does wonder perhaps if the
Board has some lingering concern about the School Board’s expenditures, for some reason when
the School Board states they need a certain amount at a minimum to run the schools, the Board’s
actions states that you do not accept that statement. Mr. Williams requested that the Board have
some guidelines or some specifics or something to help establish a greater trust, so when the
School Board’s budget is brought to you after long hours of deliberation and we bring to you the
budget that we need to run our schools effectively we can be assured of the Board’s support. Mr.
Williams thanked the Board for their attention and consideration.
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. Dennis Torrence to come and appear before the Board.
Mr. Torrence came forward and stated his address as 4878 River Ridge Road, Appomattox.
Virginia. Mr. Torrence stated that he had looked at the proposed tax rate and figured his tax and
feels that he is an average citizen. Mr. Torrence stated that he did look back, and to refresh
everyone’s memory, in 2007 our tax rate was .77 cents and in 2008 when we did the
reassessment the home values went up approximately 30 percent, farm and timber land doubled
in value and because of the increases the Board was able to lower the tax rate .44 cents. Mr.
Torrence stated that at that these homeowners saw a lower rate than we did the year before. Mr.
Torrence stated that he feels that we can raise the tax rate, but not the ten cents, and still not pay
a tremendous amount more on their homes. Mr. Torrence shared his home taxes as an example.
Mr. Torrence asked the Board to consider keeping the tax rate as low as you possibly can.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Joseph Day to come and address the Board.
Mr. Day came forward and stated his address as 130 Stephens Street, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Day stated that he wanted to ask a question which is, truth or fairness, and stated that in this
community of Appomattox he would like to know why there is no transparency or accountability
with the County’s finances and records and he as a citizen, feels there should be records to show
where every dollar is spent. Mr. Day stated that as a tax payer he is bailing out this government,
and if they are taking his money his questions should be answered. Mr. Day asked the Board if
they could answer the following questions. 1) Why are there no minority deputies in Appomattox
County? 2) Why do so few minorities work for the County and why are there no minorities on
the Volunteer Fire Department and Volunteer Rescue Squad and so few in the public school
system. Mr. Day also asked why minorities are mistreated in the public school system and why