300
back. Mr. Overstreet stated that after Virginia Code Section is 58.1-32-37 the
ordinance shall read, the rate of interest is the same as delinquent taxes. Mr. Overstreet stated
that if a motion is made to adopt this ordinance this will need to be part of the motion.
Chairman Craft called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that this has been a controversial issue with a lot of emotion involved. Mr. Conrad
stated this issue is very important and designed and set up so that land would be dealt with in the County
to such an extent that you would try to implement a program that would keep farmers from selling their
land because of high taxes and the land would not be over developed and you would keep a tranquil
atmosphere. Mr. Conrad stated the recent reassessment caused some land assessment prices to go as much
as 300 to 350 percent which seems unfair when taxes on homeowners went up 10-20 percent.
Mr. Conrad stated that in trying to make things equitable, it does not always make things fair. Mr.
Conrad stated that he feels this Board has taken a serious look at this. Mr. Conrad stated that he is in
favor of the land use ordinance.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Tanner to express his opinion on the land use issue. Mr. Tanner thanked
Mr. Conrad for his comments and feels that he is on target. Mr. Tanner stated that he wants people to
understand that there is a huge inequality with regard to how the reassessment went. Mr. Tanner
explained that the farmers will pay the same tax on their home as everyone else and will feel the same
pain as all homeowners. Mr. Tanner stated that all he is asking is to try to keep Appomattox the great
county that it is which farmland, cattle, and crops is and he would like to continue to see this. Mr. Tanner
also stated that he would like to disqualify himself with regards to the forestry land because he would like
to make a motion to adopt the ordinance as presented with the exception of the forestry land and to
include the changes that were pointed out by the County Attorney. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s
motion and Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that there had been numerous statements about the Board adopting the land use
ordinance. Mr. Carter stated from these statements the most vocal statements have come from the
farming community while the residential community has taken a stance of waiting to see position and
being less vocal with their comments. Mr. Carter stated that in October of 2005 a county wide meeting
was conducted by the then Commissioner of Revenue Mr. Monte Mays and alerting all citizens that a
tremendous increase was on the horizon when the next assessment took place. This increase was
contributed to a large increase in land prices being escalated over the past couple of years. At that point
the Board tried to collect all the information and data along with citizen response and the impact land use
would have on the County. The Board decided it was impossible to collect afl the information that would
be needed to make this decision and at that time the Board decided to not enter into this ordinance. Mr.
Carter stated that he has found that farmers in Appomattox County have received monetary funds from
the State and Federal from 1995 to 2006 in the amount of $3,555,703.00 for 2007 funds have been
received in the amount of $48,196 in subsidiary funds. Mr. Carter stated that he could not support the
land use ordinance. Mr. Carter stated that at the last public hearing he heard the statement that farmers do
not cost the County services which is very true to a certain point. Mr. Carter stated that he had ask the
County Administrator to put into action an ordinance that requires developers to meet the criteria of
developing subdivisions to required regulations. Mr. Carter stated that this is where responsibility and