292
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to hire Aileen T.
Ferguson, Interim County Administrator, as County Administrator at a
salary of $30,000.00 per year.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chairman and objected to the motion and
requested that he be allowed to state his views on the matter.
Mr. Jamerson recognized Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Carwile began by stating that the Constitution contains fundamental
gaurantees protecting freedom of the press and right of the people to
partition the government for the redress of grievances.
Mr. Carwile continued by saying that Mr. Jamerson had mentioned that
the Constitutional Officers had given support to this. Mr. Carwile
commented that one constitutional officer did not sign the petition.
Mr. Lawson spoke and said that the Constitutional Officer that did not
sign the petition was out of Town at the time, but had since signed the
petition. A copy is in Mr. Lawson’s files.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had no personal vendetta nor objection to
Mrs. Ferguson. Mrs. Ferguson "had stepped in when she was needed
without hesitation, but the position of the County Administrator, in
all fairness to the County and the people, should be advertised for the
people of this County. They expect fairness and good judgement from us
and not to consider their qualifications is closed minded and not heard
of for a job like this. We owe it to the people of this County and to
everybody qualified, an opportunity to apply for and have a fair,
unbiased review. Stop and think how many people in this County is
unemployed, looking for a job. I feel that it would not be fair and
just by the people and we will have to answer to this, further I want
to take it - The chief administrator for the County, the appointment
must be made on the basis of merit only. I am reading from the
manual. In general the law anticipates that the candidate should be a
professional manager and should have a through knowledge of modern
principles of public administration and management techniques as well
as the ability to plan and coordinate the many functions of County
government. A bachlors or master’s degree in public administration,
political science, business administration, or a related field and some
responsible experience in local government are basic requirements in
most counties. I leave that with you that I do object to it on what I
have stated. Mr. Chairman, from the chair, I can be voted down or I
can be accepted and Dennis you being a parlimentary teacher at one
time, I know that you know where I’m coming from. But I plead with
this Board that even though it is not illegal to not advertise, it
should be done".
Mr. Jamerson called for those in favor of Mr. Carwile’s consideration.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, nay; Mrs. Beasley, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, nay.