498
Mr. Huff asked Mr. Jacobs to review the charts and executive summary
with the Board.
Mr. Jacobs explained that a great deal of research went into the
documents presented.
Mr. Jacobs continued to explain that there were several factors that
could be addressed that would change the impact of these projects on
County finances.
Mr. Jacobs explained that one way to alter this impact was to postpon
capitol projects or use an alternate means of funding these projects},
Another way would be to take a close look at the background material
and see if there were any areas that need to be changed.
Mr. Jacobs then asked if there were any questions.
A question and answer period followed with a lengthy discussion
concerning the documents presented.
After discussion, the School Board and the Board of Supervisors revised
the capitol projects plan and asked Mr. Huff to incorporate these in
the plan and give examples of the effect of the Middle School project
on a $100.00 taxed amount. This example should show new constructiol
versus renovation of the Middle School.
ro mala
Mr. Torrence requested that Robinson, Farmer, Cox revise their chart
and have this information by the next meeting which would be held at
1:00 P.M. Thursday, September 22, 1994 in the Board of Supervisor’s
meeting room.
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Huff and Mr. Jacobs and recognized Mr. Toni
Cassale, with the Department of Corrections and Mr. William Hefty,
attorney.
Mr. Cassale began by giving an explanation of the background on the
regional jail project and the procedure for receiving funding from thi
State.
Mr. Cassale explained that the benefits of a regional facility to
Appomattox County were: 1) no referendum for financing construction al
2) this would meet Appomattox’s needs for inmate housing until the ye
2004.
Mr. Cassale continued by explaining the funding process for regional
projects.
Next, Mr. Hefty explained the legal aspects of the service agreement
between localities forming the regional jail authority.
Mr. Cassale and Mr. Hefty then answered questions concerning funding
and the regional jail authority.
ed