O14
responded the finances for FY94 could not now be predicted
25% of the refurbishing cost in FY94 provided money was
available for such a purpose.
Mayor Spiggle then informed the Board the State Water Control
Board requires the Town to perform a battery of tests on the
current effluent to be used for background samples after the
Town starts to accept leachate from the County’s Landfill for
treatment at their wastewater plant. Cost of these tests
approximates $2,000 and the Town asks the County to share
this expense 50-50. A discussion followed and the plan to
treat the leachate was reviewed. Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to share in the cost of the tests in
an amount not to exceed $1,000. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mayor Spiggle continued by informing the Board of a proposal
heard for the first time at the Council meeting just
concluded. New Councilman Mr. Steve Lawson proposes the
Council, Board of Supervisors, and Chamber of Commerce meet
to discuss alternate financing for the renovations to the
Railroad Depot. Bids for this work are to be opened August
6, 1992 and the original plan was for the Town to pay for the
renovations estimated to cost some $85,000. Mr. Lawson’s
proposal is to combine County, Town, and private money and
expand the project to include underground utilities and new
street lights. Tentatively Mr. Lawson proposes you pay for
the planned renovations with private contributions and a new
hoped for grant. The County’s and Town’s contribution would
then be used to finance the other work. The County’s, Town’s
and Chamber’s participation would all be equal at about
$50,000 apiece. After an extended discussion, the Board
agreed to meet at 7:00 P.M. next Thursday, July 23, 1992 at
the Town’s Office with the Town Council and the Chamber of
Commerce to consider the new proposal.
The Board next considered several administrative items. A
request for $1,109.00 had been received from the Southside
Virginia Business and Education Commission whose purpose is
"to enlarge and expand business participation and involvement
in public education and to foster partnership between the
public and private sectors to enhance public education is
Southside Virginia." After a brief discussion, te Board did
not move to provide this money.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to appoint Berkley Cabiness to the
Library Board for a four (4) year term seconded by Mr.
Torrence. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion to appoint Mrs. Dora Turner to a
second four (4) year term on the Library Board seconded by
Mr. Carwile. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint
Mr. Charles Smith to the Planning Commission representing