545
Approved on this day, the 18" of May, 2009.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the resolution on the STAG Grant authorizing Mr. Roark
as the authorized representative to transact any business and sign all documents related to the
STAG Grant. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5B- Application for Fire Works and explained
that the Town of Appomattox is requesting a fireworks permit for Saturday, July 4" 2009, at
John Cole’s Farm located on Red House Road. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve a Fireworks Permit for the Town of Appomattox for
Saturday, July 4", 2009 to be held at John Cole’s Farm located on Red House Road. Mr. Craft
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called
for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5C- Broadband Authority and explained that
John Spencer is requesting that the Board schedule a Special Meeting on June 22, 2009 at 6:00
p.m. with the EDA, for Bryan David to come before the Board and explain how a Broadband
Authority works. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending scheduling a Special
Meeting to receive information on a broadband authority. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the special called meeting on June 22, 2009 at 6:00 p.m.
with the EDA, for Bryan David to come before the Board and explain how a Broadband
Authority works. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he hoped this would bring some money into the county, hearing no further
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next called on Mr. Carter to present Administrative Item #5D- Trade
Assistance for communities. Mr. Carter began by stating that he would like to refer to the
handout (board file) from Congressman Perriello on “How to” Manual on Trade Adjustment
Assistance in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Mr. Carter specifically stated that
we are all aware that Thomasville has laid off numerous workers mostly due to overseas trade
and because of that Congressman Perriello has sent this out which provides a opportunity if a
community fits the mold to obtain part of the five million dollars which we may not receive
anything, but it is an avenue for us to look at and to tackle and see what the results would be.
Mr. Carter stated that we have nothing to lose and everything to gain. Mr. Carter stated that he
had also been made aware that some of the Thomasville workers have obtained benefits from
this act. Mr. Carter stated that what he is asking is that the Board has staff investigate this
through its entirety to see what we can do to obtain these funds.