233
The Board requested Mrs. Ferguson to contact the Library Board for a
recommendation of an appointee for this Board and report back at the
August meeting.
0:
The Community Center Board requests the Board of Supervisors reappoint!
Mr. Frank Robinson to another three (3) year term beginning July 1993.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to reappoint Mr
Frank Robinson to the Community Center Board for a three (3) year term
beginning July 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The next item for discussion was a request from Piedmont Court Services|
for the County to pass an updated resolution as a_ participating
locality in their program.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to pass the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION IN RE: PIEDMONT COURT SERVICES
WHEREAS, Piedmont Court Services provides court services as
requested and approved by the Courts serving the counties of Amelia
Appomattox, Buckingham, Charlotte, Cumberland, Halifax, Lunenburg
Mecklenburg, Nottoway, Pittsylvania, Powhatan, and Prince Edward an
whereas pursuant to official action of its Policy Board, Piedmont Court
Services is operating subject to an agreement by the twelve governing
bodies authorizing joint sponsorship. Piedmont Court Services a:
authorized by Section 15.1-21 and Section 18.2-271.1 of the Code o:
Virginia as amended and
Lm 7© So
WHEREAS, the Policy Board has requested each participating Board
of Supervisors to execute and approve an appropriate agreement for thi
joint exercise of powers
th
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors o
Appomattox County that Appomattox County shall be a participating
locality in Piedmont Court Services, herein after referred to a
Program. Program is established for the purpose of providing a
ordered by the courts, community diversion (felon and misdeameanant)
intensive supervision, community, service, public education, fin
option, prevention, education and rehabilitative services. No
therefore to this end, this Board hereby agrees as follows:
tf-tn©
(1) Piedmont Court Services shall be governed by a Board of Director:
which has previously been established and which initial members wert
appointed by the Judges of the General District Court of th
participating localities.
O-0-bon(2) A Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Policy Board shall he electe
annually as provided by the Policies and Procedures Manual of Piedmon
Court Services and any and all vacancies on said Board shall he fille
pursuant to said Manual.
orc