658
Chairman Conrad called for other public comments.
Hearing no further} Comments Chairman Conrad closed the public hearing at 6:40 PM.
Thomas H/{ofrad\ Chairman
On Monday, October 19, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220
Community Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter —- Appomattox Courthouse District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
J.G, Overstreet - County Attorney
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark - Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:43 p.m. and then delivered the invocation which was followed by the
Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the Agenda. Added to the agenda was Administrative
Item#4A- Resolution — Central Virginia Livestock Storage Incentive Project and Administrative
Item#4B- Application for School Energy Efficiency Improvement Projects.
Chairman Conrad called for Public Comment, hearing no public comment; Chairman Conrad
called on Mr. Gary Christie, Executive Director Region 2000 Local Government Council and
Bryan David, Executive Director Region 2000 Economic Development Council to come and
speak with the Board. Chairman Conrad explained that Mr. Christie and Mr. David had
requested time on the agenda in order to update the Board on Region 2000 activities.
Mr. Christie stated that he would be updating the Board on the partnership and local government
activities and Mr. David would be speaking on economic development.
Mr. Christie handed out an annual report of the Partnership Organization to each of the Board
members. Mr. Christie explained that the partnership organization is six independent groups that