425
Mrs. Nina Beasley came before the Board and stated her address as 4905 Pumping Station Road,
Appomattox, Virginia 24522.
Ms. Beasley stated that she was here to speak in support of the Board of Supervisors proposal to
hire a full time Economic Development Director. Ms. Beasley stated that with the recent layoff
at Thomasville Furniture, now is the time more than ever to hire this person. Ms. Beasley stated
that Appomattox County needs to enhance their tax base and this cannot be done if we are losing
businesses. Ms. Beasley stated that there are three things that go hand in hand which is, number
one, the county needs to attract businesses for the industrial park, second we need a reliable
water source to benefit citizens, business and industry and third the County needs a full time
Economic Development Director to enhance the tax base by attracting new business and
industry. Ms. Beasley stated that this ultimately will benefit every citizen in Appomattox County
by lowering taxes. Ms. Beasley stated that the time for decisive action is now. Ms. Beasley
thanked the Board for allowing her to speak.
Chairman Conrad thanked Ms. Beasley and called for other public comments.
Hearing no other public comments, Chairman Conrad called on Ms. Anne Wall with Robinson
Farmer and Cox to come and appear before the Board. Chairman Conrad explained that Ms.
Wall is here to present the FY2008 audit report and to answer any questions that the Board may
have.
Ms. Wall thanked the Board for allowing her to appear to present the Counties annual financial
report for the year ended June 30, 2008.
Ms. Wall stated that this report had been submitted to the auditor of public accounts to be put in
the comparative cost report by the November 30" dead line. Ms. Wall stated that the layout of
the report is the same as it has been for the past five years.
Ms. Wall stated that the County’s General Fund Balance has declined since last reported in 2007
by $94,000.00.
Ms. Wall reported that the County Staff assisted them while they were getting the needed
information for this audit report and all staff was very helpful to the Robinson Farmer Cox staff
which made it a lot easier for them to work and they do appreciate that.
Ms. Wall reported that only three audit adjustments were needed and the staff should be
commended on making this happen.
Ms. Wall stated that she would email the final copy of the audit report for posting on the website
and also for anyone who would like an electronic copy of the report.
Ms. Wall called for any questions that the Board may have, hearing no questions Chairman
Conrad thanked Ms. Wall for her report.