458
By consensus, the Board agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to move forward with
advertising the part-time position.
Mr. Carwile next informed the Board that he had received a request from
Arena Trucking Company to offer services to Appomattox County, if the
County chooses to contract haul our garbage. Mr. Carwile requested
that Mrs. Ferguson keep this letter on file.
Mr. Torrence asked if any other Supervisor had concerns.
Mr. Moore stated that David Nash had contacted him about moving the
garbage containers located on his property on Route 24.
Mr. Torrence said that he had discussed this matter with Mr. Peterson
and feels that we need to proceed with the site at the ballpark
immediately. Mr. Torrence said that he feels that Mr. Nash will be
willing to work with the County.
Mr. Torrence also stated that he would like to talk with Pamplin Town
Council about a site in the Pamplin area for a super site. The Board
by consensus, agreed for Mr. Torrence to talk with Pamplin Town Council).
Mr. Torrence brought up his next concern, the general reassessment.
Mrs. Ferguson passed out a copy of some comparisons of residential and
business property reassessments located in Town.
Considerable discussion followed concerning increases and decreases
found in the reassessment values.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would present the
Administrative Items to the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson began by presenting requests from Mrs. Sabrina Smith,
Registrar; Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk; and Mr. Tommy Lawson,
Commonwealth Attorney for approval to attend the Local Government
Officials Conference in Charlottesville.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve expenses
for Mrs. Sabrina Smith, Mrs. Barbara Williams, and Mr. Tommy Lawson to
attend the Local Government Officials Conference in Charlottesville and
pay expenses from 1101-5504. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Lawson also requested approval to attend the Commonwealth
Attorney’s Convention in August.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay expenses from
1101-5504 for Mr. Tommy Lawson to attend the Commonwealth Attorney’s
Convention in August. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request for appropriation from the
Library Fund. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to