053
Russell Moore, Piney Mt. District
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Absent:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Mr. Torrence, presiding, first called Mr. Martin, Director of
Social Services. Mr. Martin asked for an additional $980.00
to supplement and extend the Day Care Program for "At-Risk"
families. This money will be used as the local 10% share of
this program. Therefore, the State and Federal governments
will provide 90% or $8,796.00 for a total program increase of
$9,773.00. Mr. Martin maintains that by helping provide day
care for these families the parents can continue working and
remain off the welfare rolls. Mr. Martin also pointed out
Appomattox County’s Social Services Department is ranked near
the top within the State regarding participation in this
program. After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appropriate from unappropriated
surplus $980.00 as the local match to extend the Day Care
Program for "At-Rick" families. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. Martin and next informed
the Board Mr. Mays, Commissioner of Revenue, is asking for
approximately $1,034.00 so he and two (2) of his deputies can
attend a conference. After some discussion Mr. Carwile made
a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve expenses not to
exceed $1,034.00 for Mr. Mays and two (2) of his deputies
while attending the Annual Meeting of the Commissioners of
Revenue Association in Fairfax, Virginia October 25, 26, 27,
and 28, 1992. The expenses are to include registration, two
(2) motel rooms at $66.50 each per night for three nights,
$125.00 for food, and $96.00 for mileage and the Compensation
Board is to reimburse the County $360.00 ($180.00 for each of
two (2) people) plus mileage at $0.24 per mile. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye.
Next Mr. Torrence informed the Board the Lynchburg City
Council has invited members of the Board of Supervisors to a
dinner meeting "Dutch Treat" in late October. Date, time,
and location have yet to be determined. Several expressed a
desire to attend and the Board by consensus instructed the
clerk to so notify City Officials.
Mr. Torrence next informed the Board Stonewall Vineyards has
applied for a musical or Entertainment Festival permit and
asks the Board to waive the bonding requirement. It was
pointed out this waiver had been issued in prior years. Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to waive the
Bond requirements’ for Stonewall Vineyards’ Musical or
Entertainment Festival permit application for October 17,
1992. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board he had asked Mr. Blair Smith