223
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank W. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piny Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Aileen T. Ferguson, Interim County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:30 P.M. a
stated the purpose of the hearing was to receive comments on t
revisions and recodification of the County Ordinances.
Mr. Jamerson then called on Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
explain the necessity of the changes.
Mr. Lawson began by explaining that the County Code Book was adopted
1978 and that none of the changes in ordinances had been updated in t
to
Code Book since that date. He explained that the Code Book w
difficult to use because you could not find the proper information wh
needed. With this update the Code Book will be uniform with curre
State Code and will be updated annually to keep the County Code Book |
to date with current changes.
Mr. Lawson then went over the final proposed changes in wt
recodification as follows:
1. In Sec. 3-4 through Sec. 3-7 everywhere you have County Cle
should read County Administrator.
2s In Sec. 41-3 through Sec. 41-3 a.b. and c. everywhere y
have County Clerk should read County Administrator.
a5 In Sec. 41-2 should read "all outdoor entertainment shall
be subject to a permit requirement. This permit shall be issued by t
nk
OU.
ne
Board of Supervisors, subject to the rules and regulations in durati
established by the Board for each individual permit".
In the last sentence of Sec. 41-2 this should be a Class O
misdemeanor.
Jel
ne
4. In Sec. 41-1 in the definition of musical or entertainm
festival should read "that any gathering of fifty (50) or more peoplel'.
=. In Sec. 41-10 the last sentence should read "this bo
requirement may be waived for private property."
6. In Sec. 41-20 the last sentence should read "Class Three
misdemeanor rather than a Class One misdemeanor".
na