456
Amherst has Sweet Briar (Amherst was one of the counties that we had information on
the jobs from the EDA) I did some research and found Sweet Briar had 800 students and
Hampton Sidney has 1120 students and Longwood has 4700. That would be more than
5000 students in Farmville and Prince Edward area. The Prince Edward County
Administrator made the statement in the Farmville Herald, as long as we have the
colleges our sales tax should remain stable. Do you think that all this motels, restaurants
and theaters in the area would be there if they did not have the colleges? They also have a
new Lowe’s, could Appomattox support one of these?
Reference was made at out last meeting, “why did King George County get a Harris
Teeter warehouse on a highway like Route 3 and we are on 460 one of the longest roads
in the state, and how did this happen?” Knowing that there is no Harris Teeter nearby,
they left this area 15-20 years ago. I looked it up on the internet, the closest store is
Charlottesville, one in Richmond and one in Roanoke and maybe some in the Tidewater
area. There is a large number in the Northern Virginia area. As you can see by Harris
Teeter’s request to the Virginia Economic Development Partnership, they wanted
something in the Fredericksburg area. Some of the areas that were mentioned were to
pricey so they settled on the King George County location. This location is
approximately 15 miles from interstate 95 (Route 3 intersects with Interstate 95 at
Fredericksburg.) The main North/South Route on the East Cost. Harris Teeter has a
number of stores in the Carolina’s. The home office is in Charlotte. They also liked this
location as they can take Route 3 over to 301 North into Maryland and bypass
Washington DC and Northern Virginia area, they also have stores in Delaware. King
George will front three million for several years. Plus water and sewage to the door, this
location has rail accessibility. Some of this information came from Brian David of
Region 2000 who was County Administrator in King George County while some of this
was going on. So why would they have any reason to look our way. This is not a done
deal and it could take a couple more years, no paper has been signed. I would also like to
state that I am not against hiring this person in the future, but when we do, I want the
proper person and the funds to get the job done. Part of the Board Chairman’s duties, is
to attend the Region 2000 EDA meetings. At most of these meetings we are told what is
out here for this area. I have not heard anything that we could qualify for. No rail
accessibility, no suitable building not just shell buildings, sometimes they just want a
building that can be modified to suit their needs in short order. I think what bothered me
the most was the Harris Teeter thing. This information is out in the local newspaper. I
think this information as stated, would make some people think that the Board, the EDA
people and our staff were asleep at the wheel.”
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to respond to Mr. Crafts comments.
Mr. Carter stated that some of the information that had been given was erroneous. Mr.
Carter questioned where the figures had come from that had just been given.
Mr. Carter stated that he understood the questioned asked when trying to gather this
information was “What is your budget” and the figures reflected a visitor’s center, and
also incorporated a person in this department and when asked if you want all this
information these are the numbers that were given. Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Spencer