Vaughan sought the Board’s support for the restoration of 3.4
million dollars to _ the State’s Extension budget. Mr.
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors values
the benefits to its citizens of the services provided by
the Virginia Cooperative Extension Service; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
recognizes the benefits of these services to other rural
areas in the State;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors urges Delegates Watkins M. Abbitt, Jr.,
Richard J. Holland, Robert B. Ball, Sr., V. Earl
Dickerson, and Allan Diamondstein of the Virginia House
of Delegates and Senators Hunter B. Andrews, Charles J.
Colgan and Stanley C. Walker of the Senate of Virginia
for the 1993 session to support the restitution of $3.4
million to the budget of the Virginia Cooperative
Extension Service.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Landfill
Supervisor. Mr. Peterson reported 842 tons of Solid Waste,
36 tons of recyclables, and 356 c.y. brush had been processed
in December. Mr. Peterson also reported Cycle System will no
longer accept mixed plastics nor is there any other buyer for
mixed plastics in the area. Cycle System will now only
purchase #1 clear plastics; therefore, Mr. Peterson asked if
he should continue to collect and bale mixed plastics since
there is no market. Mr. Peterson pointed our the expenses to
collect and bale only #1 clear plastic would be prohibitive
if there was any sorting required. He also related a bale of
mixed plastic weighed about 800 lbs. and consumed about 40
c.y. of loosely collected plastics. After discussion, the
Board by consensus directed Mr. Peterson to continue to
collect and bale mixed plastics and store the bales on site
in hopes a market will soon develop.
At the request of the Chairman, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of
Virginia enter into an executive session at 9:27 P.M. to
discuss personnel matters and receive legal advice of
counsel. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session
at 9:52 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the
Following resolution was adopted:
115