270
Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #2 Establishment of a Central Absentee
Precinct. Chairman Craft called for discussion.
THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS IS PROPOSING AMENDING SECTION 15-4 —DISTRICT
BOUNDARIES AND POLLING PLACES OF THE COUNTY CODE.
Section 15-4 District Boundaries and Polling Places
ADD
“E” Central Absentee Voter Precinct
For the purpose of counting and recording absentee ballots in all elections in Appomattox
County a central absentee voter election precinct is hereby establishes at the “conference” room
adjacent to the Registrar’s Office pursuant to Section 24.2-712 Code of Virginia, as amended.”
Mr. Tanner stated that this is a very wise decision and made a motion to adopt the amendment to
the Elections Ordinance in order that the Electoral Board may move forward with the balance of
the process for establishing this precinct. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman
Craft called for any discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — Amending the Taxation Ordinance.
Chairman Craft called for discussion, hearing none; Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the
amendment to the Taxation Ordinance and setting the due date for the first payment of real estate
taxes for 2008 for June 27, 2008. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion and with no further
discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4- Town of Appomattox Waterline Proposal.
Chairman Craft called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that the he felt the Board needed to take the language that has been given and
review this. Mr. Carter suggested a recess meeting to a night this week that would suit each
Board member to work exclusively on the waterline.
After discussion, It was the consensus of the Board to hold a recessed meeting on Wednesday,
May 21, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. at the County Administration Building.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #5 — Region 2000 Regional Services
Authority. Chairman Craft called for discussion from the Board.