A4T
Other inter-fund transfers shall be in accordance with the direction of
the Board of Supervisors. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson, also, presented a request from the Museum Committee for
a telephone to be installed in the Museum. The cost for installation
and one year’s bill would be $579.06. After discussion, no action was
taken.
The Board of Supervisors next discussed a proposal from Robinson,
Farmer, Cox Associates to do a financial study for Appomattox County.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that this firm comes highly recommended from
other localities. The proposal quoted an $80.00 per hour rate for
services, with anticipated cost ranging from $3,000.00 to $5,000.00
depending on what the Board requested them to do. After discussion Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the proposal for
services from Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates for a financial study
with a cost not to exceed the amount of $5,000.00. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from the Chamber of Commerce for
the $5,000.00 budgeted in Fy94. After discussion, and by consensus of
the Board, it was agreed to release the $5,000.00 in the Chamber of
Commerce’s FY94 budget.
Mrs. Ferguson next asked the Board of Supervisors to schedule a meeting
on June 20, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. to discuss the Regional Jail Project.
All members agreed that this date would be acceptable.
The School Board appointments for Wreck Island and Piney Mountain
Districts need to be made by June 30, 1994. No one has made the proper
application as set forth in Board procedures.
After discussion, the Board agreed that Mr. Carwile and Mr. Moore would
approach the members presently serving to see if they wished to
continue serving in this capacity and come to the June 20, 1994 meeting
with their answer.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department for an additional appropriation of $5,000.00 for Fy95 for
new radio equipment. After discussion, no action was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson requested the Board approve for her to attend the Local
Government Officials’ Conference, August 14-16, 1994 in Charlottesville
Mrs. Beasley stated that she would also like to attend this conference.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for Mrs.
Ferguson, Mrs. Beasley and Mr. Lawson to attend the Local Government
Officials’ Conference, August 14-16, 1994 in Charlottesville. Vote:
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.