533
we are suppose to be down to 7500 by July 1, 2010. Mr. Austin stated that once everything is
finalized he would report back to the Board.
Mr. Austin called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Overstreet asked if VDOT could possibly cut grass for hay and bail. Mr. Austin stated that
no, this could not be done due to the large liability in doing this. Mr. Austin stated that we do not
have the people or the equipment to do this at this time.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 Adoption of the Secondary System
Construction Program. Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the resolution on the Proposed
Secondary System Construction Program Priority List for Six Year Plan FY2010-15. Mr.
Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no comments, Chairman Conrad called for a
vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
At a regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, on Monday,
May 18, 2009, held at the Appomattox Community Center on 220 Park Lane, Appomattox,
Virginia 24522 at 6:30 p.m.
Present were: Mr. Conrad-Chairman, Mr. Tanner-Vice-Chairman, Mr. Carter, Mr. Craft, and
Mr. Moore.
On motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Tanner and carried with the following vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
WHEREAS, Sections 33.1-23 and 33.1-23.4 of the 1950 Code of Virginia, as
amended, provides the opportunity for each county to work with the Virginia Department of
Transportation in developing a Secondary Six-Year Road Pian,
WHEREAS, this Board had previously agreed to assist in the preparation of this Plan,
in accordance with the Virginia Department of Transportation policies and procedures, and
participated in a public hearing on the proposed Plan (2010 through 2015) as well as the
Construction Priority List (2010) on May 18, 2009, after duly advertised so that all citizens
of the County had the opportunity to participate in said hearing and to make comments and
recommendations concerning the proposed Plan and Priority List,
WHEREAS, Donald L. Austin, Residency Administrator , Virginia Department of
Transportation, appeared before the board and recommended approval of the Six-Year Plan
for Secondary Roads (2010 through 2015) and the Construction Priority List (2010) for
Appomattox County,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that since said Plan appears to be in the best
interests of the Secondary Road System in Appomattox County and of the citizens residing
on the Secondary System, said Secondary Six-Year Plan (2010 through 2015) and
Construction Priority List (2010) are hereby approved as presented at the public hearing.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Austin and then called Mr. Jimmy Sanderson and Mr. Dan Siegel
to come forward to meet with the Board to answer any questions that the Board may have related
to the structure of the bond, also Mr. Siegel will be providing a resolution for the Boards
approval.