454
Mr. Carter stated that the letter was well documented and it was to the Board’s advantage
to enlighten the Town on what the County has engaged in and will continue to be
engaged in, as far as pursuing the water line.
Chairman Conrad stated that the letter is to the point and he feels that there is nothing that
could be taken out of context.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to send the letter as presented to the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for further discussion,
hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 — Public Service Authority (PSA)
and explained that this matter was brought up during Supervisor Concerns at the last
board meeting, that it was thought that a letter should be written explaining how a PSA
functions in order to alleviate fears that citizens have with an Authority.
Chairman Conrad stated that this is not saying that the Board is going to adopt a PSA but
just to give a brief explanation of what consist of a PSA and how it operates.
Mr. Craft questioned if it was too soon in the process to be putting this information out to
the public.
Mr. Carter stated that there has been a lot of concern in the public on this subject and it
would help to ease some of these concerns.
Mr. Carter also stated that if the Town decides to not take part in the waterline he feels
the County is not going to have a choice in establishing a PSA and it would be to the
Counties benefit and citizens to establish a PSA. Mr. Carter stated that other counties
have established a PSA without problems.
Mr. Conrad stated that one thing that the Board needed to be aware of is that the
waterline can be run without a PSA.
Mr. Overstreet stated that when considering funding, a PSA can apply for loans and fund
those funds through revenues and he is not sure if the County can do this.
Mr. Overstreet stated that time could be an issue and several things that needed to be
considered, one being when you send in for your charter. The Code requires you to
establish what the capital cost will be and the what projects will be done and what the
rates will be. Mr. Overstreet also stated that there is a saving provision later that states
that if it is not practical to do this you do not have to, it would be up to the Board, plus
you must have at least five members designated when the charter is sent in. Mr.
Overstreet also stated that you could have all five of the Board members be the PSA or
you could have just one member of the Board and four citizens serve as members on the