227
Mr. Underwood also stated that they have one group who programs the machines and
another group that install and test the machines. He stated that these professionals are not
used during the town elections because of the cost.
Chairman Craft called for any other questions that the Board may have. Being no further
questions Chairman Craft called on Sara Henderson the Commissioner of Revenue.
Ms. Henderson began by thanking the Board for helping her through the transition and
also for the carpet and equipment for her office. She stated that this has been a big help.
Ms. Henderson stated that her office needs a lot of modernizing. She stated that one of
her goals will be to modernize the office technology and it’s the appearance.
Mr. Conrad stated that if anyone on the Board had not been to see the Commissioners
office, they should do so and that he feels this office is set up in a much more conducive
way to work.
Ms. Henderson stated that her biggest concern is the equipment in her office. She stated
that she has many issues with computers and she has two printers that have been in her
office since 1993 and they are literally falling apart and that makes it very difficult to
work.
Ms. Henderson stated that she has asked for several computers in this budget and she will
alternate years in asking for equipment so it will not be as difficult to fund. Ms.
Henderson also stated that she would like to lease a copier instead of buying. She stated
that the copier she is requesting is a copier, printer, fax and a scanner in one. Ms.
Henderson stated that she is down to one copier and they are having to run upstairs just to
make copies.
Ms. Henderson stated that one other thing she would like to see repaired in her office is
the tile that is mismatched and falling apart in the back room that has been repaired
several times but it continues to crumble. Ms. Henderson stated that she would really like
to see that fixed since she is trying to get her office more presentable to the public.
Mr. Tanner asked Ms. Henderson if the copier that she is having problems with could be
a safety issue and that she may need to take it out of service and especially unplug it
every night.
With no other questions for Ms. Henderson the Board next started discussing setting a
proposed tax rate.
Ms. Ferguson stated that on an average it was a 78% increase in land values not counting
new construction. This is based on the total figures.
Mr. Moore stated that the land went sky high not homes and the people who own homes
not own land are going to feel a lot less taxed than land owners.