358
On Monday, October 6, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building, located at 153A
Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and then delivered the
invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Hearing no public comment, Chairman Craft welcomed Ms. Barbara Williams, Ms. Janet Belter
and Ms. Sara Henderson to the meeting and explained that they had requested time on the agenda
to ask the Board to consider giving the employees of the Constitutional Officers the State
approved two percent increase retroactive to July instead of waiting until December.
Ms. Williams thanked the Board for allowing her to come and speak to them to request an
increase in salaries for her employees. Ms. Williams requested that her employees be given
more than the two percent that has been approved by the State. Ms. Williams stated that she has
had the same number of staff in her office for over ten years. Ms. Williams stated that she is
making this request for her employees salaries not hers. Ms. Williams stated that the State is
allowing localities to hire a new employee at a higher salary rate than what her employees are
making that have been in these positions for years.
Ms. Belter stated that with the exception of one employee in her office they have all been
employed by the County for over fifteen years. She is requesting that her employees be given
more than the State proposed two percent increase.
Ms. Henderson also stated that her office has taken on a great increase of work dealing with the
new land use tax. Ms. Henderson stated that she would also like to see her employee’s receive
more than the State’s proposed two percent. Ms. Henderson stated that she has a chief deputy in
her office but she is not paid the salary of a chief deputy.