382
budget for the Virginia Water Resources Research Center. Vote: Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented minutes for approval, and asked for corrections.
Hearing no corrections, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to approve the minutes of the February 1, 1994 public hearing and
recessed meeting; special meetings of February 5, 1994 and February 14
1994; regular board meeting of February 7, 1994 and special meeting of
February 16, 1994. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence brought the subject of the pecan tree behind the School
Board Office up for discussion and presented pictures taken by Mrs. Ié
for the Boards review.
After review, and on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley
the Board instructed Mrs. Ferguson to contact the contractor and have
the tree topped.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mr. Paulette would like to give his report on
Region 2000.
Mr. Paulette explained that the Region 2000 Board of Directors met and
reviewed the proposed budget for the next three (3) years. The Board
of Directors has set a rate of .90 cents per capita for public fundin
and the private sector is being requested to raise 1/2 a million
dollars. Mr. Paulette requested that the Board of Supervisors
authorize Mrs. Ferguson to write a letter stating that they are
supportive of the Region 2000 concept. Mr. Paulette, also requested
that a meeting be scheduled with the committee on the industrial
development project and Mr. Lee Cobb to discuss our proposed sites and
give direction as to what needs to be done to proceed with this
endeavor. Mr. Paulette suggested March 16, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. at the
Town Office for this meeting.
iG
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to enter into
executive session to discuss legal and personnel matters at 10:30 P.M,
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:50 P.M. Vot
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, ay
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
O_O.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative record
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freed
of Information Act; and
O-O
mer