277
This Committee will consist of two Board of Supervisor members and two Town Council
members along with the County Administrator and Town Manager, and this committee
will complete the details of the water transmission line agreement. Members of the Town
Council are to be approved by the Board of Supervisors.
Town to operate water transmission line from Concord to Appomattox in total. This
includes all water line extensions from the water transmission line and all other water
lines currently operated by the Town, outside Town limits.
Town to report via the Utility Committee Chairman to the Board of Supervisors how
progress is being made regarding new water customers from the water transmission line.
Progress Report is to be made in person to the Board of Supervisors twice a year.
Town Council will provide annual audits of the water fund to the Board of Supervisors
for review. Audits will be performed by a qualified certified public accounting firm
commissioned by the Town Council.
Sewer funds should not to be combined with water fund revenue. Sewer funds are to
stand alone and be operated so that it covers sewer expenses.
Bi- annual water study to be completed by the Town Council and reported to Board of
Supervisors by Utility Committee Chairman.
Town Council to promote new water connections to water system as much as reasonably
possible.
All shared water and sewer facilities in the Industrial Park to be owned by the Board of
Supervisors and maintained by the Town Council. The Economic Development
Authority is to have full control over new connections to Industrial Park lines. Fees are to
be negotiated by Economic Development Authority Committee and joint Committee.
A Memorandum of Understanding should be constructed signed by all Town Council and
Board of Supervisors members.
Mr. Carter stated that this is his suggestion on how the Board should answer the Town
proposal.
Chairman Craft stated that he feels the Town should pay a minimum of at least twenty
percent on this water line. Chairman Craft stated he does not feel it is fair for 13,000
people having to pay for approximately 1,700 people to receive water.
Mr. Carter stated that town citizens are also county citizens and that he feels that each
and every citizen will be affected either directly or indirectly down the road by this.