466
death
Thomas H. Conrad, Chairman
On Monday, March 16, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at
220 Community Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet - County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the invocation which
was then followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Added to the agenda was
Appearances, Mr. Earl Dickerson with Hurt & Proffitt who has been added to give the
Board an update on the County water project. Under Administrative Items add Item #8A
— Contract; Item #8B — Provisional Rate Structure; Item #8C- Construction Estimate,
added under Informational Items is Item #12A - Recommendation for Gladstone
Volunteer Fire Department Board of Directors.
Chairman Conrad next called for Public Comments. Mr. Paul Coviello came forward and
stated his address as 1746 Police Tower Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Coviello
stated that he had come to ask the board not to ban the burning of leaves within the
county as was being requested by Mrs. Scanlon.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Covielle for his comments and then called for other
citizens who wished to come and speak to the Board.
Hearing no other comments Chairman Conrad explained that the Board would be having
a public hearing at 7:00 with the Planning Commission.
Chairman Conrad explained that Mr. Earl Dickerson with Hurt and Proffitt is present and
would be giving an update on the 460 waterline.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Earl Dickerson to come and address to the Board.