129
Peterson, and the County Administrator were also invited and planned to
attend.
Mr. Rice reported services of a independent auditor must be obtained
prior to April 1, 1993 to audit County records for FY93 and furnished
for review and approval copies of a suggested Request for Proposals and
Specifications. After review and discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the Request for Proposal and
Specification and to appoint Dr. Thomas, Treasurer Belter, the County
Administrator, and Supervisor Carwile as a committee to review
proposals and make recommendations to the Board.
Mr. Jamerson reported the Solid Waste Seminar to be presented by Joyce
as discussed at the January 11, 1993 meeting has been rescheduled for
February 12, 1993 and the fee has been set at $140.00. After some
discussion, the Board by consensus asked Mr. Rice to attend and report
findings to the Board.
Mr. Rice informed the Board the tour of Lee’s Retreat culminating at
the Historical Park has been scheduled by Park Officials for April 22,
1993 leaving from the Park at 8:00 A.M.
Mr. Rice reported on a request from Flanders Enterprises of Miami,
Florida to purchase used shoes and clothing for recycling. Flanders
is looking for large and baled quantities. After discussion, the Board
by consensus directed Mr. Torrence to ask the Central Virginia Planning
District Commission to: investigate these possibilities on a regional
basis.
Mr. Rice presented the Board a bill for $260.00 from Lynchburg Business
Machines for a service contract on the office copy machine in the
Administrator’s Office. After discussion Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay $260.00 to Lynchburg Business Machines.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Sheriff has asked for $50.00 to pay a bill to fix his computer.
The Board by consensus feels this should be an eligible budgeted
expense and requests the Sheriff to pay from within his budget.
A bill was presented and considered from the Chamber of Commerce for
$260.00 to pay expenses of the Community of Candles festival. $200.00
had been approved and budgeted for this purpose. Mr. Moore made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to authorize payment of $260.00.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
A request from the Treasurer to attend a training session in Roanoke
was presented and considered. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve payment of $50.00 registration
fee and travel expenses for the Treasurer to attend a training session
in Roanoke March 9, 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.