061
Aging to seat the Chairman of Appomattox Long Term Care
Committee on its Board of Directors. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Jon Montgomery from the audience,
Superintendent of the Appomattox National Historic Park, to
explain the notice from the Attorney General to _ cede
concurrent jurisdiction at the Park. Mr. Montgomery
explained this had been considered first in 1988 and that
concurrent jurisdiction would permit State and local law
enforcement officers to enforce each other’s' laws. Mr.
Lawson concurred with Mr. Montgomery’s assessment and
informed the Board he had in 1988 checked with the State
Police and the Sheriff’s Department and that both had agreed
the cessation was in everyone’s best interest.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to take no
exceptions to the State ceding jurisdiction over the
Appomattox National Historical Park. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board the County had received the
FY92-93 contract for the State Health Department’s Services
and that he and Mr. Lawson had reviewed the Contract and took
no exceptions. Mr. Rice reminded the Board they had
previously been furnished a copy of the Contract for review.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept
and execute the FY92-93 Health Department contract at a cost
to the County of $71,871.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Rice next reviewed the FY92 audit findings and pointed
out the auditors recommended the County establish Central
Purchasing and purchasing procedures compliant to statue.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to reply to the recommendation of the auditors that the
Board of Supervisors are considering establishing central
purchasing. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice furnished the Board a quarterly expenditure report
comparing first quarter expenses to budgeted amounts. After
discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
to furnish the list of the first quarter expenditures to the
newspapers and asked it be published as a public service.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice next furnished the Board a recommendation from the
Community Center Board on rental fee refunds. Mr. Carwile
explained the Community Center’s position. Mr. Torrence made
a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the following
policy:
Payment of rental fees for use of facilities at the
Appomattox County Community Center must be received