436
Present: (Board of Zoning Appeals)
James Cheatham
William Turner
Matt Lair
Absent: (Board of Zoning Appeals)
Bruce Drinkard
Elizabeth Edwards
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
W. M. Caldwell, Jr. - Clerk, Planning Commission
Mr. Torrence, Chairman, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:43
P.M. and stated the purpose of the public hearing.
Mr. Torrence then asked Bill Caldwell, Clerk, Appomattox County
Planning Commission, to read the first petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 94-221 of Eugene Chambers for a
variance to paragraph 170-81A, of Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance,
pertaining to location of accessory building. Property is zoned A-1
and is located on Route 601 between Route 696 and Route 627.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone wished to comment on this petition.
Mr. Eugene Chambers came forward, was recognized and stated his address
as Route 1, Box 90A, Pamplin, Virginia. Mr. Chambers stated that he
needed this building to store household items. Mr. Chambers requested
that the Board approve his request.
Mr. Torrence asked for other comments. Hearing none he asked Mr.
Caldwell to read the next petition for consideration.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 94-222 of George Woodson requesting a
rezoning of property from R-1 and A-1. Property is located on Route
669 between Route 608 and Route 608 and is owned by Curtis Megginson,
sr.
Mr. Torrence asked if there were any comments pertaining to this
request.
Mr. George Woodson came forward and stated his address as 576
Brightwell Mill Road, Madison Heights, Virginia. Mr. Woodson asked the
Board to eehis request and stated that a portion of this lot was
already zoned A-1. Mr. Woodson thanked the Board for their
consideration.
Mr. Torrence called for any other comments on this petition. Hearing
none, he asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition for consideration
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 94-223 of Herman Junior Puckett for a
Conditional Use Permit to allow an addition to an Auto Body Shop.