502
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson if she had any information concerning
the cost for Appomattox County to operate it’s own jail.
Mrs. Ferguson referred to scenarios on costs of operating our jail
locally or the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority operating our
facility, done by Ferris Baker Watts. (Board file September 1994).
Mrs. Ferguson, also, informed the Board of FY94 cost of operating our
jail locally and the projected cost for FY95.
Sheriff Richardson addressed the Board and presented several arguments
for Appomattox County not participating in the Regional Jail project.
The Sheriff feels that Appomattox County should wait and see what
legislature does before doing anything towards expanding our jail
facility or participating in the Regional Jail Project. Mr. Richardson
would like to the Board wait before making a decision in this matter.
Mr. Lawson brought to the Board’s attention several questions that he
had concerning the regional jail project. 1) What is legislature going
to do?; 2) What’s going to happen with the Middle School issue in
November 1994; 3) What are Bedford and Campbell Counties going to do;
4) The difference in the payment for our Sheriff’s Department and the
City of Lynchburg’s lot; 5) Why don’t we enter an agreement with
Bedford County for housing our prisoners; 6) How much will the new
concept of in home detention and monitoring cut down on inmate
population; 7) When will the State start taking it’s own prisoners; 8)
What will happen when we spend $1,000,000.00 of preliminary money and
then don’t get the 50% funding from the State; 9) Doesn’t like the fact
that the County will not have control over it’s local jail but agrees
this should not be an issue. In closing Mr. Lawson stated that he
feels that the Board should wait before making a decision in this
matter.
Mr. Torrence said that he feels that sooner or later we will have to
become a part of a regional jail project so why not take advantage of
this opportunity now.
A lengthy discussion followed on the pros and cons of the regional jail
concept.
Mr. Carwile stated that after looking at the cost involved in keeping
our local facility and considering the projected inmate population, it
would cost approximately $22.00 per diem to keep our local and
considering the almost $17.00 per diem to go regional, Mr. Carwile
stated he could not agree to do anything but stay with our local
facility.
Mr. Moore stated that he had added up the cost per year of both
scenarios and he does not feel that there is enough difference in the
cost to justify going with the regional concept.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to not participate
in the Regional Jail concept, at this time. Vote: Mr. Torrence, nay;