685
Mr. Sanderson stated that if they were able to talk with the agencies in January and it would
depend on the agencies schedule you should have an answer within the month.
Mr. Sanderson and Mr. Siegel called for other questions that the Board may have.
Hearing no further questions, Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Sanderson and Mr. Siegel for their
presentation.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#1 — Draft Zoning Ordinance and Draft Zoning
Map and explained that a joint public hearing was held on October 19, 2009 to consider an
amendment to the zoning ordinance and the zoning map. Chairman Conrad stated that the Board
has had an opportunity to consider comments received at the public hearing and now needed to
provide direction on how the Board wished to proceed with the changes as proposed. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that with the feedback he is hearing, citizens feel the Board is extending the
zone RR out to far.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to send this item back to the Planning Commission to
review and make some changes to RR zone also.
Chairman Conrad stated he feels when this ordinance is sent back to the Planning Commission
they needed to have some specifics that the Board wanted looked at and reviewed.
Mr. Carter stated that these changes wil! have a significant impact on citizens of this county and
he feels there needs to be better communication and he would like this carried back to the
Planning Commission and then they hold public meetings explaining in a more definitive manner
so that it is understood by a layperson what is being done.
Mr. Tanner commended the Planning Commission for their time and effort that was put into this
ordinance , but, stated that we do want this to be a good working document and not have to
change things every year or so.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board will need to realize that no matter what ordinance we decide
upon not everyone is going to like it.
It was the consensus of the Board to send the draft zoning ordinance and draft zoning map back
to the Planning Commission for further review and then request them to hold a public meeting to
address the major areas of concern.
Mr. Overstreet stated that there are two different ways to handle zoning and some ordinances
allow you to zone below what you are zoned which is considered less dense and then there is