322
Soybean Drive, Route 1066 - Beginning at a point at the intersection of Route
642, west for .59 miles to Cul-de-sac.
Total Length — .59 miles Right of Way 50 feet
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does guarantee a minimum
unrestricted fifty (50) foot right of way with additional widths as may be necessary for
cuts, fills and drainage, together with easements on adjoining properties.
Recorded in Plat Cabinet 1, Slide 124-C-F on November 7, 2006 in the Appomattox
County Clerk’s Office.
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the VDOT Resolution accepting Soybean Drive in
Jonesfield Subdivision, Section 1 into Appomattox County’s Secondary Road System for
maintenance. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion,
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #2 - Proposed Amendments to the
County Code and called for any discussion.
Mr. Tamner stated that these changes would be bringing Appomattox County more in line
with surrounding Counties.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this will help administration with some gray areas of the
previous ordinance.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the amendments to the Erosion and Sediment Control
Ordinance and the Building Code Ordinance as proposed. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion and hearing no further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item # 3 - State Budget Reductions and
called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the majority of what the State reimburses the County is in
salaries so you end up reducing services because you would have to cut personnel in
order to cover these expenses.
Mr. Craft stated that the best option would be option number two which would be the
County making a reimbursement payment directly to the commonwealth for all of the
locality’s reductions.
Ms. Ferguson explained that this would be the best option, because then you would not
be establishing baseline figure that can be adjusted for that program.