458
did not see any purpose in borrowing money to hire someone to do a job with budgets
constraints the way they are.
Chairman Conrad stated that he agreed that we need an EDA Director, but you hire this
director when you can afford to. Mr. Conrad stated that he feels that the Board needs to
start considering this position when preparing the budget.
Mr. Carter stated that he looks at this completely opposite, he began by saying that each
day that we do not have an Economic Development Director we loose. Mr. Carter stated
that he is fully one hundred percent in favor of this Economic Development Coordinator
to be hired just as soon as possible and anything later than tomorrow is too late.
Chairman Conrad stated lets get into the budget and start discussing this again.
Mr. Carter stated that for this Board to sit here an vote on land use when we knew
absolutely nothing and not hire an EDA Director when we know what is going to be forth
coming maybe not instantaneous but we know what is forthcoming down the line. Mr.
Carter then stated this Board voted on land use and had nothing to go on.
Mr. Tanner stated that this Board did not go into land use blindly. Mr. Tanner stated that
he did his homework and researched it for probably over a hundred hours. Mr. Tanner
stated that the entire Board supports an EDA Director, but how we arrive at hiring this
position is where we differ.
Mr. Craft also stated that during Supervisor Concerns you are to contact the County
Administrator prior to the meeting.
Mr. Carter questioned the underlying point of that statement.
Mr. Craft stated that Mr. Carter had a concern but did not contact the County
Administrator prior to the meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that he is not in the County Administrator’s office on a daily basis, and
if he does not have time to ask during the course of the day to make a statement or ask the
question then he will ask at the meeting.
Chairman Conrad stated that according to the statement you should make an effort to
contact the County Administrator prior to meetings.
Chairman Conrad stated that they needed to move forward with other items on the
Agenda.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — Gladstone Volunteer Fire
Department and explained that this had been carried over from the previous meeting in
order to allow for time to locate an interested party. Chairman Conrad asked Mr. Moore
if he had been able to find someone to serve in this capacity.