473
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley for the County to
accept a parcel of real estate from Mr. & Mrs. W. E. "Bill" Jamerson
with the stipulation that this land be sold as soon as possible and
that the proceeds be used to purchase suitable property for the
development of recreation facilities for the County which will include
soccer fields. VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone else had concerns to discuss before moving
on to the Administrative Items.
Hearing none, Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson to present the
administrative items to the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for Mrs. Beasley and her to attend
the Virginia Association of Counties annual conference November 13-15,
1994 at the Homestead. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to approve Mrs. Beasley and Mrs. Ferguson attend the Virginia
Association of Counties Annual Conference. VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested registration for Mr. Torrence and her to attend
a cable T. V. Seminar.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve Mr. Torrence and Mrs. Ferguson to attend the Cable T.V. seminar
on August 10, 1994. VOTE: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence then presented a livestock damage claim from Mr. Bruce S.
Drinkard. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to approve payment of $125.00 to Bruce S. Drinkard for livestock