569
Mr. Roark stated that the Planning Commission made the following recommendation at its June
8, 2009 meeting:
For reason of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice the
Appomattox Planning Commission moves to recommend approval of the Conditional Use Permit
petition of Susan Harold to locate a commercial kennel with the following conditions:
1. The commercial kennel will operate only for brokering and shall not include breeding of
animals.
2. Atno time shall there be more than twenty-five kennel animals located on the property.
Horses and other farm animals not associated with the kennel shall be exempt.
3. Ifthe property is sold or leased to another party, then the conditional use permit will
become invalid.
4. The operator of the commercial kennel shall reside on the same property as the kennel
operation.
Chairman Conrad called for public comment.
Mr. Roark gave the Chairman of the Board a copy of a petition against this petition and several
letters pertaining to this petition.
Mr. Dennis Torrence came forward and stated his address as 4878 River Ridge Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Torrence began by giving the Board a copy of the petition that Mr.
Roark had previously given to Chairman Conrad. Mr. Torrence stated that there are nine
landowners that have signed this petition. Mr. Torrence stated that he feels that this petition
speaks for the neighborhood that disagrees with the approval of this petition and asked the Board
of Supervisors not to accept the planning commission recommendations and not approve this
application. Mr. Torrence stated that he is not opposed to Ms. Harold making a living and there
is not a problem with her, but it is a problem with the barking dogs. Mr. Torrence stated that
they have not complained before and now that they have the opportunity to speak up they are
taking that opportunity to do so. Mr. Torrence stated that he is sure property values will go down
being beside a dog kennel. Mr. Torrence asked the Board to deny this request.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments on this petition.
Mr. Kevin O’Brien came forward and stated his address as 5605 Courthouse Road, Appomattox,
Virginia and stated that he believes in property rights as well as neighbor rights. Mr. O’Brien
stated that he would like to see the decision made on facts not on hear say. Mr. O’Brien stated
that the County needs business no matter how small and the County needs to work with these
businesses. Mr. O’Brien questioned if this can’t be approved for a 60 acre parcel, then where
can it be approved?
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.