285
Mr. Pickett stated that he is hearing so much about the County and Tourism, well he feels no one
is going to want to come to this County and see houses from end to end and looking like Wards
Road down Route 460. Mr. Pickett also stated that we need open land for future water.
Mr. Pickett stated that in passing this ordinance it will not cost the County or the people anything
and we need to work together and he would also like to see an open space clause put in this
ordinance.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Bob McClenny. Mr. McClenny stated his address as 4368 Forest
Chapel Road, Pamplin, Virginia. Mr. McClenny stated that this County needs land use
assessment for farm and forestry. Timber companies are leaving, and if we lose our farm land
and also timber lands to double wide mobile homes and we are going to loose our tourist.
Mr. McClenny stated that he is definitely in favor of land use.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Sam Hunter to come and speak. Mr. Hunter stated his address as
2566 Bear Creek Road, Redhouse, Virginia, and that he is a resident of Charlotte County but he
does own farmland in Appomattox and he is in favor of land use.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Wayne Phelps to come and speak. Mr. Phelps stated his address as
P.O. Box 386, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Phelps stated that he wants to keep his farm as long as
he can, but he needs the Board’s help in doing this.
Mr. Phelps stated he had spoken with delegate Watkins M. Abbitt and he is in full support of
land use in this County.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Bob Holt to come and speak. Mr. Holt stated his address as 1727
Police Tower Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Holt stated that he is very much in favor of land
use. Mr. Holt read an article from Progressive Farmer (on file at the County Administrators
office). Mr. Holt stated that this article is from the March 2008 issue of Progressive Farmer,”
Preserving Farmland might seem like a no-growth mindset.
Mr. Holt also quoted from an article from the News Advance discussing growth in Bedford
County.
Mr. Holt stated that he is proud to say he lives in Appomattox County and he wants to be able to
continue to make this statement.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Dennis Torrence to come and speak. Mr. Torrence stated his
address as 4878 River Ridge Road, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Torrence questioned if Mr. Moore and Mr. Tanner get to vote on this issue? Mr. Torrence
was told by Chairman Craft that they would have a vote on this issue.
Mr. Torrence stated without land use, at this point, none of us are going to be able to farm.
Mr. Torrence stated that land use must be passed.