432
Ms. Ferguson pointed out that a $5,000.00 allocation still remained in
the FY94 budget for the Chamber upon completion of the Accreditation
Program. This funding would not carry forward to FY95.
Mr. Torrence requested that Ms. Ferguson contact Brett Thompson,
President, Chamber of Commerce to see if they will be certified by June
30, 1994.
The Appomattox County Extension Service budget request for FY95 was
discussed. Ms. Ferguson presented a handout showing salaries for the
Extension Service.
Mrs. McClenny requested an increase in telephone service to cover the
cost of a cellular phone. The Board, by consensus, agreed not to fund
the cellular phone and reduce their telephone line item to $3,600.00.
Discussion continued with the School Board’s budget request for FY95.
Ms. Ferguson gave the Board salary information that had been requested
at prior meetings. A lengthy discussion followed. After discussion,
the Board, by consensus, agreed to reduce the School Board’s proposed
budget request for FY95 by $85,000.00.
The Board also agreed to reduce the Capitol Improvement Fund by
$50,000.00.
Being no further budget review, Ms. Ferguson presented a request for
appropriation from the School Board to pay bills related to the
Athletic Complex. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Paulette to appropriate $4,063.43 from the Athletic
Complex Fund. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Ms. Ferguson also presented a request from the School Board for an
appropriation from VPSA loan funds. After discussion, Mr. Paulette
made a motion seconded by Ms. Beasley to appropriate $16,387.50 from
the VPSA loan funds. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Being nothing further the meeting was adjourned until May 23, 1994 at
7:00 P.M.
~—_
=. JD (3TAO ~~
Chairman
A recessed meeting and budget work session of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors was held on May 23, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the Board
of Supervisors Meeting room adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s
Office, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence - Chairman - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District