230
carson Drive - Beginning at a point on Carson Drive, 0.50 Mi. S. Rout
691 and running 0.72 mile to a dead end - Length 0.72 mile - Estimate
Cost -$108,000.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile expressed concern over the second section of road because
it did not qualify under present guidelines for public road funds.
Ms. Lindsey explained that the Board’s only option was to constru
this road with total County revenue.
Mr. Moore informed Ms. Lindsey that the Board of Trustees of Mt. Ai
Baptist Church were still upset with the State Highway Departmen
13
rf
plans for Route 26. The Board of Trustees of the Church would like ti
tState to purchase their property and the Church will relocate elsewher
Ms. Lindsey explained that the Virginia Department of Transportation h
made a proposal to the Church and they had refused to sign the deeds.
Virginia Department of Transportation is taking this latest developmer
to the chief engineer. She does not know what Virginia Department
Transportation’s decision will be or what route will be taken, at th
point.
Ms. Lindsey also reported that she had heard nothing concerning the
request for extra guardrails to be installed along areas of Route 26.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Ms. Lindsey and called Jeff Marks,
Animal Warden to appear before the Board.
Mr. Marks began by telling the Board that he had researched the poli
of Animal Warden’s carrying handguns, with other Counties, and fou
that in most all of the surrounding Counties the Animal Warden
issued a handgun. Mr. Marks presented the Board with a_ hand
containing prices of handguns.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion to table the issue of t
Animal Warden being issued a handgun, until a later date. Second
Mr. Moore. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mr. Marks and called Janet Belter, Treasurer.
Mrs. Belter presented the Board with the County Financial Statement fi
the month of June, 1993. Discussion followed concerning Coun!
finances. Mrs. Belter agreed that the County is in better financl
condition at this time this year than at the same time last year.
Mrs. Belter requested the Board approve for her to attend the Loc
Government Officials Conference in Charlottesville scheduled for Augu!
1993.
R
20
cy
is
ut
he
py
or
al
al
=)