429
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the Emergency Operations Plan as revised. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing no further
discussion Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.-Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Jet Broadband Cable Television Rates and
New Produce Offerings and Services and called for any discussion.
Mr. Conrad ask Ms. Ferguson to contact Mr. Barbour and ask him to come to a February meeting
to discuss jet broadband and to also answer any questions that the Board may have.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #2 — Change order to JE Jamerson
Contract for CVCC project and called for discussion.
Mr. Craft ask if this would be a continuation. Ms. Ferguson stated that it would be just the
hallway, refreshing it up to make it look nicer and look like the existing hall in CVCC.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to accept the proposal to authorize work to be completed but not to
exceed the $31,720.00. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 — Request for roof replacement at CVCC
and called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad explained that the money is available for this project and the roof is in need of
replacement.
Mr. Craft stated that the longer we wait the more it is going to cost.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson where the gentlemen was, who was going to repair the roof at
little or no cost. Ms. Ferguson stated that he is still saying that he will repair the roof but that
was only over the gym, not this section of the school.
Mr. Craft made a motion for authorization to be given to seek bids on replacing the roof on the
remainder of the 1960’s section of the Carver Price Educational Complex. Mr. Carter seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none Chairman Conrad
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4 — Concession stand and bathroom at
Community Park and called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in the meeting when plans were presented Mr. Perkins was not happy
about the height of the building. Ms. Ferguson stated that when she contacted Mr. Perkins and
asked him what other concerns he may have with the plans, he stated that he had not looked at