347
Mr. Craft also stated that Ricky Martin opened his business and allowed it to be used as a staging
area for this incident and it was very much appreciated.
Chairman Craft next called for citizen public comments.
Hearing no public comment, Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item#1 — Green Way
Alliance.
Chairman Craft called for discussion on this item.
Mr. Tanner stated that he has someone from his district that is interested in serving in this
capacity and once this has been advertised he will have them complete an application.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #2 — Revision to the Appomattox County
Community Center Rental Policy.
Chairman Craft questioned if we are currently having problems with this. Ms. Ferguson stated
that we are not having problems, but we would like to avoid any problems that may occur.
Mr. Conrad questioned if this was the only change to the policy and Ms. Ferguson stated that this
is the only change that was being made.
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the revisions to the Appomattox County Community Center
Rental Policy as submitted by Anne Dixon, Director Recreation and Tourism. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft then called for further discussion. Hearing none,
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #3 - Musical Entertainment Festival Permit
submitted by the Redhouse Volunteer Fire Department requesting permission to hold a musical
event on September 27, 2008 and they are also requesting that the Board waive the $5,000.00
bond.
Chairman Craft called for any discussion that the Board may have.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the request for the Redhouse Volunteer Fire Department
to hold a musical or entertainment festival on September 27, 2008 and also to waive the bond fee
of $5,000.00.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion. Hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.