408
Mr. Spencer stated that he would pay the first year off with the $6,500.
Mr. Conrad asked if this system would make the offices much more productive.
Ms. Belter stated that it is her understanding that it will be a lot faster and more up to date than
the system she is using now.
Mr. Conrad asked what would happen to our old equipment.
Mr. Spencer stated that they would explore the different avenues of what to do with the old
equipment.
Mr. Tanner stated that IBM may give something towards a trade in.
Mr. Carter asked that if back in 2001 when the existing equipment was purchased was there not a
maintenance agreement purchased.
Ms. Belter stated that there was a maintenance agreement on the equipment, but not on the
upgrading.
Chairman Craft called for further questions from the Board. Hearing no other comments, Mr.
Conrad made a motion to approve the purchase of a new AS400 computer system in the amount
of $478.00 per month for sixty months. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman
Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #1 — Central Virginia Community College
and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he thought this was mandatory and we did not have a choice as to give or
not.
Mr. Carter made a motion to fund Appomattox County’s share of the site development cost
which is $21,043.00 over a two year period. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a roll call
vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #2 — Livestock Damage Claim and called for
discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the payment of $249.00 to Bonherth Farms for livestock
killed by stray dogs. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for
further discussion.