350
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. Vote:
Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence mentioned the items that were discussed in the executive
session.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to deny the oral
request of Mr. John Notestein to construct a tire fence, based on Staté
Codes, particularly, our County Zoning Ordinance. Vote: Ms. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, abstained; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr
Torrence, aye.
0
Mr. Carwile made a motion that the employees who did not receive a pay
increase of 3% December 1, 1993 be given this increase retroactive to
January 1, 1994, Jeffery Marks, Tina Carter, Danny Morgan, Frank Smith
and Virginia Wheeler.
The motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to have the County
Attorney draw up a contract with Mr. Henry Wright explaining that Mr.
Wright must have a survey done, an appraisal done by Jim Nolen and
present the document back to the Board. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that Mr. Bill Hunter
be appointed to the Board of Assessors from the Southside Magisterial
District to replace R. W. Mitchell, due to a conflict of interest.
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented the minutes for the regular meeting of December
12, 1993; the joint meeting with the School Board of December 16, 1993;
and a recessed meeting of December 16, 1993, for correction and
approval.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to bring to the Board’s attention
to the resolution to borrow VPSA funds. He felt, this resolution was
not properly worded. Mr. Carwile went on to explain that he felt the
resolution should be revised to explain exactly how the $1,000.000
dollars is to be spent.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
to approve the minutes with the following correction to the VPSA
Resolution: needs $1,000,000 of which $300,000 will be used to renovate
Appomattox Middle School, and to purchase mobile units for Appomattox
Elementary School and $700,000 to construct athletic complex. Vote: Ms,
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.