705
Chairman Conrad called the public hearing to order at 7:00 p.m. and explained that the purpose
of the public hearing would be to receive public comment on the Proposed Adoption of
Resolution Creating the Appomattox County Broadband Authority.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Bryan David to give a brief explanation of this proposed
resolution.
Mr. David stated that there is very minimal cost in forming a Broadband Authority. Mr. David
stated that recently with Digital Bridge, grants award with Mid Atlantic Broadband will have a
significant impact on pushing out broadband capability to the County. Mr. David stated that he
had spoken with Mr. Wallace who is one of the principals in Digital Bridge who is a supporter of
the County taking this step, with the understanding the Authority would be there if needed. Mr.
David next stated that the federal stimulus funds will be offered in February and by having the
Authority we will have the requirements in place to participate in and be a support.
Mr. Craft asked if other Localities are taking the same action.
Mr. David stated that Appomattox County is ahead of other Counties in this area.
Chairman Conrad read a letter by Rosalie Majerus to be kept in the Board file.
The letter read as follows:
To: Appomattox Board of Supervisors
From: Rosalie Majerus
Subject: Support for Broadband Authority in Appomattox County
Date: December 21, 2009
I am asking that the following be read into the record.
Iam a resident of Appomattox County and I support the county moving forward with a
Broadband Authority. Currently my only feasible option for high speed internet is the painfully
slow dial-up. Satellite service is too expensive and is not consistently reliable.
The residents of Appomattox County are at a disadvantage from areas that have affordable high
speed internet. We are penalized if we do not use the internet. Currently the Department of
Motor Vehicles adds a surcharge if you do not register your vehicle on line. If I had high speed
internet, there may times, especially during bad weather, that I could work from home.