317
RESOLVED that effective the first pay day on or after January 1, 1989, the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors shall pick up member contributions of its employees to VRS, and such
contributions shall be treated as employer contributions in determining tax treatment under the
Internal Revenue Code of the United States; and it is further
RESOLVED that such contributions, although designated as member contributions, are to be
made by APPOMATOX COUNTY in lieu of member contributions; and it is further
RESOLVED that pick up member contributions shall be paid from the same source of funds as
used in paying the wages to affected employees; and it is further
RESOLVED that member contributions made by APPOMATTOX COUNTY under the pick up
arrangement shall be treated for all purposes other than income taxation, including but not
limited to VRS benefits, in the same manner and to the same extent as member contributions
made prior to the pick up arrangement, and it is further
RESOLVED that nothing herein shall be construed so as to permit or extend an option to VRS
members to receive the pick up contributions made by APPOMATTOX COUNTY directly
instead of having them paid to VRS; and it is further
RESOLVED that notwithstanding any contractual or other provisions, the contributions of each
member of VRS who is an employee of APPOMATTOX COUNTY shall be picked up either
through a reduction in the current salary of such employee or as an offset against future salary
increases of such employee or as a combination of both at the option of the employer by
APPOMATTOX COUNTY on behalf of such employee pursuant to the foregoing resolutions.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there are no changes in this resolution. We are basically rubber
stamping a resolution that was adopted by the Board 20 years ago.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the resolution for the Virginia Retirement System
employee’s part of retirement. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft
called for discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4 — Job Descriptions and called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the change to the job description of the 911 Coordinator
and appoint the County Administrator as the Director of Emergency Services. Mr. Moore
seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft called for discussion on the proposed changes to the job description of the
Finance Coordinator.
Ms. Ferguson explained that when the payroll clerk was hired in October of 2004 the
responsibilities of payroll were taken from the finance coordinator and given to the position of