313
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone concerning this petition.
Mr. Ray Nicely rose and asked to address the Board. Mr. Nicely isa
representative for G.T.E. Mr. Nicely explained that the facilities to
be installed were small concrete pad-mounted cabinet type devices. The
device has a two-fold purpose. It gives the telephone company the
capability of providing fiber optic cable service in the future, and
also gives G.T.E. the facilities to upgrade future service. These
sites do not require towers, do not interfere with T.V. or radio
reception, they do not interfer with Emergency Vehicle radios or ham
radio reception. There will be no dust, odor, or noise associated with
these installations. The lines for the facility itself will all be
underground. The maintenance on these sites will involve approximately
two trips a week by one or two people. In closing, Mr. Nicely said
that he would attempt to answer any questions that anyone might have
concerning these facilities.
Mr. Torrence asked if GTE needed to go to the larger size facility in
the future, what size structure would be required?
Mr. Nicely answered that he expected the building may be a 10’ x 17’
building. Normally the structures are masonary with no windows and
only one door.
Mr. Smith asked if there would be an impact on the environment.
Mr. Nicely replied that there is no impact whatsoever on the
environment.
Mr. Steve Conner asked if GTE went to underground fiber optic cable,
who would pay for lowering this cable if a property owner wanted to put
in a driveway which would require grading?
Mr. Nicely answered that he feels this would be a responsibility of the
telephone company.
Mr. Gordon Staples asked Mr. Nicely if anything would be done with the
old fence on one of the properties. He is not opposed to the
installation.
Nr. Nicely answered that the fence would either be repaired or removed.
Hearing no further comments on this petition, Mr. Torrence stated that
since petition #93-212 for G.T.E. of Virginia was for the same type
facility he would not ask Mr. Caldwell to read the petition. Mr.
Torrence adjourned the Public Hearing to a short special meeting of the
Board of Supervisors immediately following the public hearing.
—
c
LI ~~ lig Joe A
Vice-Chairman