$500.00 from 8111-3007 to 3401-5408. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented a request from Brian Armontrout for |
reimbursement of expenses for convention. Ms. Beasley made a motion 1
seconded by Mr. Moore to reimburse Mr. Armontrout $54.06 from 1101-550
for convention expenses. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; ||
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. |
Mr. Torrence mentioned the next item on the agenda, dog confinement.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that when the County ordinances were recodified
the running at large confinement period was omitted from the ordinance,
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to
set a date for a public hearing to pass an ordinance setting
confinement dates for dogs. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye. |
Mrs. Ferguson presented for discussion the disposition of three (3) old
police cars and one (1) packer truck. Mrs. Ferguson explained that in|
the past we have placed vehicles in the school auction or recieved |
sealed bids on used vehicles.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley that these vehicles
(3 police cars and 1 packer truck) be put in the school auction. Vote:
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a letter and drawing from Sheriff
Richardson requesting additional office space. After reviewing the
drawing, the Board by consensus, requested that Mrs. Ferguson have
Sheriff Richardson get an estimate of the cost involved and bring back
to the Board.
Mrs. Ferguson explained a request from The Greater Lynchburg Transit
Company for Appomattox County’s participation in a grant for two (2)
vans to establish bus routes from Appomattox to Lynchburg.
After discussion, the Board by consensus agreed that they were not
interested in applying for this grant, at this time.
The next item for consideration was a date to reschedule the March 1,
1994 public hearings, which were cancelled due to bad weather.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
hold a public hearing on March 22, 1994 at 7:00 p.m. on the ISTEA grant
application and March 22, 1994 at 7:30 P.M. on zoning petitions.
Next, the Board discussed the Virginia Water Resources Research Center
and it’s function.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to
write letters to the Governor in support of keeping funding in the