606
After discussion on the purpose of agriculture subdivision and having Mr. Roark explain that the
planning commission\is hoping this section will protect the buyer, Chairman Conrad, hearing no
public comment close¥ the public hearing at 6:23 p.m.
OH
Thomas H. Conrdd, Chaitman
On Monday, August 17, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220
Community Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Absent: Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. and delivered the invocation which was then followed by the
Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the Agenda, hearing no additional items, he then called
for public comment.
Hearing no public comment, Chairman Conrad called on Ms. Margaret Bryant with the
Consortium on Aging Public Awareness Committee and explained that Ms. Bryant would be
giving the Board a brief introduction on the Summitt that is going to be held by the Beard Center
of Aging of Lynchburg College with the purpose of pro-actively preparing the aging population.
Chairman Conrad stated that Ms. Bryant will also discuss the 2009 Consortium on Aging and the
Beach Center on Aging Vision for Region 2000.
Ms. Yvonne Behrens came forward and stated that she is appearing instead of Ms. Bryant and
explained that she is a member of the Region 2000 Consortium on Aging and the consortium is
compromised of 50 agencies and organizations in Region 2000 who are working together to
promote a proactive rather than a reactive response to the anticipated increase in older adults in