276
éDiscussion continued on the proposed change order. After discussio
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to except thi
$12,400.00 deduct from D. S. Nash’s contract. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence
aye.
@.
Mr. Torrence left the meeting at 7:40 P.M.
Mr. Jamerson introduced a request from the Historic Appomattox Railroad
Festival, Inc. for a Festival permit for October 9 & 10, 1993. My
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve the Historil
Appomattox Railroad Festival permit for October 9-10, 1993 and thi
"Good Ole Days" use of the Courthouse Grounds and to waive the bon
requirement and application fee. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2-0-0
Mr. Jamerson next presented a request from the Health Department t
rent additional office space in the back of the County Administrator’
Office. It would be necessary to do some minor renovations in order fo
this area to meet the Health Departments needs. After a _ length
discussion on the construction and lease conditions Mr. Carwile made
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley, to proceed with lease for additional
office space for the Health Department of 977 square feet at $7.16 pe
square foot which includes utilities and custodial services. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
RoeRR _-O.
Discussion continued concerning the alterations and renovations neede
oby the Health Department. The Board, by consensus, agreed that Clou
Abernathy, Maintenance Specialist, oversee the construction on thi
project.
10)
Mr. Jamerson next presented another request from the Health Department
for additional funding for Fy94. There are funds available to th
Health Department that are allocated on a matching basis. Afte
discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore t
allocate an additional $3,855.00 to the local Health Department fo
FY94. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; an
Mr. Moore, aye.
ORO.
Mr. Jamerson next read a letter from the Appomattox County Human
Society, Inc. offering financial assistance to perform renovations t
the heating system at the animal pound. By consensus the Board aske
Mrs. Ferguson to thank the Humane Society for their offer but felt i
inappropriate to accept the offer of funding for the animal shelter.
th_O-D:
Discussion continued concerning the Animal Shelter. By consensus, th
Board directed Mrs. Ferguson to have Mr. Marks, Animal Warden, run a
ad in the local paper alerting the public to the hours that he i
available at the shelter for animal adoption.
nS
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Gaye Stevens, to be allowed to
use the County emblem on quilts to he sold in her shop. Aftey
discussion, the Board by consensus, did not approve this request.