286
Mr. Torrence stated that most home owners are paying about the same, so the most of the
increase is from the land owners and that is not fair. Mr. Torrence stated that land use was
addressed when he served on the Board and they did not pass it and he feels they made a mistake
and now this Board needs to help our famers.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would be farming today if he could make a living at it.
Mr. Torrence asked the Board to please help the farmers.
Chairman Craft explained that the statement that was read earlier from Mr. Overstreet allows Mr.
Moore and Mr. Tanner to vote.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Danny Hix to come and speak. Mr. Hix stated his address as
5535 Hixburg Road, Pamplin, Virginia, and stated that he is in favor of land use. Mr. Hix stated
that his farm has been in their family for many years, He continued that this year has been the
hardest year in his life especially with a tax increase from 10,000 to 19,000 over last year.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Jim Nolen to come and speak. Mr. Nolen stated his address as
2431 Purdem Mill Road, Appomattox, Virginia. (hand out given and on file in the June Board
file) Mr. Nolen stated that assessments have been held down in past years and maybe we should
go to a reassessment more often that every six years. Mr. Nolen stated that farmers have a
legitimate gripe. Mr. Nolen stated that most assessors generally ignore soil types, topography,
and water resources etc. and valued parcels separately even though they were long since
combined into a farm unit which are all important factors in a standard farm appraisal.
Mr. Nolen stated that homeowners have a side to this also.
Chairman Craft called on Richard Chandler to come and speak. Mr. Chandler stated his address
as 1319 St. Cloud Ave, Lynchburg, Virginia. Mr. Chandler stated that he owns land on Double
Bridges Road, Mr.Chandler stated that he is in favor of land use and he feels that timber
management and land management is very important.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Tommy Drinkard to come and speak. Mr. Drinkard gave his
address as 2486 North Creek Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Drinkard stated that he is in
favor of land use tax. Mr. Drinkard stated that he works a public job to support his farm and
wants to retire and at this time he may not be able to retire just to be able to keep his farm.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Tom Schmutz to come and speak. Mr. Schmutz stated his address
as 1656 Bechman Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Schmutz stated that every farmer is willing
to pay his fair share of taxes which they have always done. He stated that the reassessment has
made all farms look like subdivisions, some land has doubled and some even tripled.
Mr. Schmutz stated that farmers are no longer paying their fair share with the way things are
assessed.