439
several items with the Board. First, Mr. Torrence wanted to make the
Board aware that under an agreement with the Town of Appomattox and
Virginia Department of Transportation, the drive at the ball park had
been paved. Mr. Torrence also wanted to discuss an item that Mr.
Peterson, Solid Waste Administrator, has discussed with hin.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had several items to bring up under
Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Torrence called Ms. Lindsay, Resident Engineer, Virginia Department
of Transportation, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by explaining that the right of way agreement with
the Town on the 460 By-Pass called for surface treatment of the drive
at the ballpark.
Ms. Lindsay also explained that a ribbon cutting for the 460 Bypass was
scheduled for July 6, 1994 at 11:00 A.M. Ms. Donna St. Clair would be
handling this for Virginia Department of Transportation and would be
getting in touch with local officials to work out the details.
Ms. Lindsay informed the Board that she had met with the State
Archeologist and they will not approve the revised plan to relocate
State Route 701 near the power line easement.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
for Virginia Department of Transportation to continue with the original
proposal. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Being no further business for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Torrence thanked her for
her time.
Mr. Torrence called Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of Circuit Court, to
appear before the Board.
Mrs. Williams presented the Board with a bid for new jury chairs for
the Courtroom. Mrs. Williams received bids on several different
qualities of chair.
After a lengthy discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to purchase twelve (12) jury chairs, solid oak, leather for
$6,120.00 from the Courthouse Maintenance Fund. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mr. Moore suggested that Mrs. Williams try to get another bid prior to
purchasing the chairs.
Mr. Lawson also stated that he is attempting to obtain estimates for
installing a rail and panels around the jury box.
Being nothing further, Mr. Torrence thanked Mrs. Williams and called
Mr. Tommy O’Brien to appear before the Board.