282
Mr. Carwile also told Mr. Austin that Ed McCoy of Mount Airy Church hai
spoken with him in reference to the proposed improvements to the
intersection on Route 26 at Mount Airy Church. Mr. Carwile continued
by stating that Mr. McCoy, speaking for the members of Mount Airy
Church, indicated that the Church wanted the State to take their entire
acre of land or take none of their property.
Mr. Carwile continued by asking Mr. Austin if he could enlighten the
Board on the proposed transportation trust fund allocation which is to
be discussed October 14, 1993 in Lynchburg with Commissioner of
Transportation, Ray Pethtel. Mr. Austin stated that he was not
familiar with the trust fund allocation plan, but that he would be
attending the meeting.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Austin and called Monte Mays,
Commissioner of Revenue.
Mr. Jamerson explained that Mr. Mays was coming before the Board to
give information concering the reassessment.
Mr. Mays began by explaining that past Boards of Supervisors had made
the decision to go with a reassessment every six (6) years. He
continued by explaining that the next reassessment would go into effect
January 1, 1996. Mr. Mays explained that it would take 1-1/2 years to
do the field work and then hearings must be held and the book finalized.
Mr. Mays said that Appomattox was growing at a rate of approximately
300 parcels per year and that there were approximately 8,500 parcels
now. Mr. Mays estimated the reassessment would cost approximately
$10.00 per parcel.
Mr. Jamerson asked if the Board normally advertised for this type of
work. Mr. Mays didn’t think that we had advertised in the past, we
normally contact the firms that do this type of specialized work.
Mr. Lawson was asked to check into whether the Board would have to
advertise for this work.
Mr. Jamerson asked if Mr. Lawson determined that we did not need to
advertise, could Mrs. Ferguson contact the people that had contacted
Mr. Mays and ask for a proposal.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that once Mr. Lawsol
has verified whether we need to advertise, then Mrs. Ferguson should
proceed with contacting the names from Mr. Mays for bid proposals.
VOTE: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Mays next brought up the matter of a telephone system for his
office. He has received a bid proposal from GTE for $2,529.38. The
system would include 2 lines, 1 power unit, 6 telephones, 1 surge
protector, 1 wall bracket, and all wiring and jacks, with the ability
to add another line and 2 additional telephones.
(eso