Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider assignments and
duties. By consensus the Board agreed:
1. Mr. Moore would serve on the Planning Commission and
the Area Agency on Aging Board
2. Mr. Carwile would serve on the Community Center
Board
3. Mr. Torrence would serve on the Job Placement
Advisory Board, the Central Virginia Planning
District Commission, and the Central Piedmont
Employment Consortium
4. Mr. Jamerson would serve on the Region 2000 Board
Mr. Jamerson pointed out Mrs. Beasley’s term on the Social
Services Board and Community Services Board does not expire
until December 30. 1995.
Mr. Jamerson next asked to hear from Mr. Don Austin,
Assistant Resident Engineer, Virginia Department of
Transportation. Mr. Austin informed the Board he has
received a request from residents to accept 0.48 miles of
Woodchuck Drive in the Hunting Ridge Subdivision into the
County Secondary Road System. After discussion Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the following
Resolution:
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, That the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add to the
Appomattox County Secondary Road System for maintenance
the following subdivision road which has been
constructed by the subdivider as a Class "A" Subdivision
in accordance with the requirements of the Virginia
Department of Transportation to wit:
Hunting Ridge Subdivision
Woodchuck Drive - Beginning at a point on Route 656,
0.23 mile north of Route 706 and running east for a
distance of 0.48 mile to the intersection of Hollybrook
Drive.
Total Length - 0.48 mile Right-of-Way - 50’
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That this Board guarantees a minimum
unrestricted 50-foot right of way with additional widths
as may be necessary for cuts, fills, and drainage
together with easements on adjacent properties.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mr. Austin would remove silt fences from
their construction projects after seeding has been
established. Mr. Carwile was especially concerned about the
Holiday Lake area where the fences have remained for 3 or 4
years and are interfering with mowing. Mr. Austin said he
would attend to This. Mr. Carwile also expressed concern
about the condition of the shoulder at Mr. Ralph H. Smith’s
aie