407
what your needs are in order to get your name in the running for some of these funds. Mr.
Dickerson encouraged the Board to make contact on this.
Chairman Craft asked if the funds were federal funds and Mr. Dickerson stated that both of these
mentioned funds would be federal funds.
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Dickerson for the information that he had provided to the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that this needs to be followed up on quickly and decisively, and we do not want
to procrastinate on this.
Chairman Craft stated that the County Administrator is out due to an illness and Mr. Spencer
Assistant County Administrator will be filling in for her tonight.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Spencer and Ms. Belter to appear before the Board as
scheduled on additional items.
Mr. Spencer stated that the AS400 will no longer be supported by IBM, so he is suggesting that
we upgrade our computer system.
Mr. Spencer stated that he had been working with Ms. Belter and Mr. Overstreet and they had
been working with three venders under the small purchasing policy. Mr. Spencer stated that
three proposals were received.
Mr. Spencer stated that they have recently found out that IBM has stated that the machines we
are looking at buying will not be available to buy after the first of the year and we would have to
upgrade several models in order to get what we need and it would cost a considerable more
amount of money to do this. Mr. Spencer stated that he had verified this information with the
various vendors that we were dealing with and they were aware of this.
Mr. Spencer stated that what they would like to do is recommend that we go ahead and deal with
Summit Business Associates out of Richmond. Mr. Spencer stated that they were one of the
venders that had sent in a proposal and they offered a five year financing package with tumkey
installation and a five year hardware and software maintenance agreement. Mr. Spencer
explained that one of the problems that we have had in the past is that we have not had any
updates on it since it was put in and we would like to make sure that when we buy something
that the maintenance plan is part of the package or we will end up right where we are now. Mr.
Spencer stated that the estimated monthly cost of this package will be $478.00 for sixty months
which will include the turn key installation and five years soft and hardware maintenance with
total package costing over $28,000.
Mr. Conrad asked how much money was put into the FY09 technology budget.
Mr. Spencer stated that $6,500 had been put in for this project.
Mr. Conrad asked if the $6,500 would be used as a down payment.