380
Dr Boone stated that we are one of the 54 school divisions out of 132 School Divisions in
the Commonwealth to have met all AYP and state accreditation standards for the division
level for 2007-08. Appomattox Elementary and Primary Schools received a three year
accreditation waiver for sustained excellence.
Dr. Boone briefly described the division initiative for 2008-09.
Dr. Boone explained that the renovations on the baseball field have been completed and
they are now getting ready to advertise an RFP for a salary study.
Dr. Boone stated that they are in the process of designing an alternative high school
program for the second semester of the 2008-09 school year. Dr. Boone described the
APECS Program being similar to Virtual Virginia and bringing it into the school building
for an after school program.
Dr. Boone stated that they have finished a Middle School evaluation and received some
very valuable information to help with some serious curriculum issues and he also plans
to do a program evaluation at the High School.
Dr. Boone continued by stating he is still researching the ROTC Program but with space
and budgetary concerns he feels that research is all that can be done at this time.
Dr. Boone stated that Ms. Bennett is working on a K-12 Reading Assessment Program.
Dr. Boone stated that they are now training all new teachers in Marzano strategies which
seems to be going very well.
Dr. Boone next discussed the Olweus Bulling Program and stated that bullying is
probably the most single detriment to our children and the most under reported incidents,
and everyone involved with the children will be trained in this area. Dr. Boone stated
that school surveys are being conducted and once the information is calculated they will
have better idea of what is happening. A hotline will be placed in the high school and
middle school. This should be completed by the first of the year.
Dr Boone next explained some challenges that are being faced which are CIP concerns,
maintaining state accreditation and AYP status. Dr. Boone stated that they will continue
to address needs of all students.
Dr. Boone also spoke about the anticipated budget shortfalls.
Dr. Boone called for any questions from the Board of Supervisors or School Board.
Mr. Tanner asked if he knew how many students left the public school system to go into a
private school.