514
Mrs. Ferguson then stated that this section allowed for any matter to
be considered since all members of the Board are present and asked if
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, agreed that this interpretation was
correct.
Mr. Lawson said that would be his interpretation of this section.
Mrs. Beasley asked to be brought up to date on the regional jail.
The other Board members informed Mrs. Beasley of the issues that were
discussed at the meeting with the other localities and the matters that!
they feel have been resolved to their satisfaction.
Mr. Carwile stated that he attended the meeting in Lynchburg and found
nothing in that meeting that changed his opposition to the regional
proposal. Mr. Carwile stated that he found nothing in the service
agreement that was concrete. Mr. Carwile then presented a document
from the Sheriff’s Association with the governors proposals for FY95 &
FY96. Mr. Carwile feels that this could drastically change any figures
we have been given to date.
Mr. Carwile continued by saying that another issue that he didn’t like
was the fact that the initial transport of prisoners was on the
locality. Mr. Carwile figures this to be an additional expense on the
County that was not figured in the per diem payment.
Mr. Carwile stated that he feels we are already obligated because of
the $14,653.00 that has been paid, as Appomattox County’s share of
expenses involved with the Community Based Corrections Plan, attorney
fees, and financial consultants fees, incurred during the course of the
Regional Jail Study.
Mr. Carwile questioned Section 6.8 of the service agreement.
Mr. Carwile would like to stay independent in the matter of operating
our local jail.
Mr. Carwile continued by saying that there were too many unknowns for
him to give his support to this proposal.
Mr. Carwile said he would close by saying that we have not had a
public hearing on disposing of the jail property covered under Section
15.1-262 Code of Virginia.
Discussion continued on issues related to the regional jail project.
Mr. Torrence stated that he wanted to make one point clear, no one was
voting to transfer property tonight.
Mr. Lawson stated that he would suggest the Board schedule a public
hearing to deal with this matter shortly, but he felt that there was nd
problem signing the agreement at this time. Mr. Lawson continued by
explaining that his reason for this decision is because we may withdraw