110
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve
the minutes as corrected for the Public Hearing of November
4, 1992; the recessed meeting of November 4, 1992; recessed
meeting of November 5, 1992; the regular monthly meeting of
November 9, 1992; and the telephone poll of November 16,
1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board that Mr. John Notestein has
requested the Board construct a fence around the landfill to
keep dogs out. After discussion, the Board took no action.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board of a bill from the Virginia
Economic Development Corporation for dues of $50.00. After
discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to pay this bill from unappropriated surplus. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board that Mayor Spiggle has requested
the Board share the insurance cost for the wood chipper. The
Board by consensus agreed to pay one half of the insurance
cost, but would like the Town to include the chipper on their
policy.
Mr. Rice informed the Board that Mr. Tom Glenn had complained
that his home had not been reassessed since Virginia
Department of Transportation had taken most of his front yard
for Right-of-Way on Route 26. The Board felt this was the
responsibility of the Commissioner of Revenue and took no
action.
Mr. Rice reminded the Board, Insurance proposals are due
December 24, 1992 and a meeting was set for 7:00 P.M.
December 29, 1992 to review proposals and interview potential
vendors.
Mr. Carwile mentioned he had received a request to use a
speaker system at the Courthouse when meetings were held
there because people in the audience were having a hard time
hearing the proceedings and asked Mr. Rice to investigate the
possibility of using or getting some speakers. Mr. Carwile
also expressed concern that too many people had access to the
Administrator’s offices and personnel records. He asked that
locks be changed and keys’ restricted to current employees.
Mr. Carwile next asked the Board to ask the Town Council to
form a committee to investigate the possibilities of
constructing a driveway between The Shoppes at Appomattox and
History Junction shopping centers. Mr. Carwile next asked
that the Town be asked to install a street light at the
entrance to the Community Center and ballpark. Mr. Carwile
next asked about King’s bill to repair the weather vane. Mr.
Jamerson said he would ask Mr. King to itemize the bill.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn
until December 29, 1992 at 7:00 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.