218
v
Extra large user (over 20 truck loads per week) will he givel
individually negotiated rate after study to determine usage).
(3) All dead animals (large) $25.00 each
(4) Local governments are exempt from these fees.
(5) Commercial haulers must register with the landfill office
pay annual license fee of $100.00. Commercial haulers Will be char
for waste generated from both residential and business customers
rates will be same as paragraph (1) above. Only waste generated
Appomattox County will be accepted at the Appomattox County Landfill.
(6) County residents shall be allowed to deposit up to 12 cu ye
per month of solid waste generated by their own residence witho
Charge. (This does not include tires). Over 12 cu yds per month wi
be charged same as fee schedule above.
(7) Fee collection details will be as prescribed by landf1
administrative office.
This change is to be effective July 1, 1993 and new rates will |]
charged at that time. Existing Commercial Permits must he renev
prior to July 1, 1993.
=<
The Town of Pamplin’s commercial carrier is exempt from the
5295,
ac
11
11
©, 0
requirements, provided this carrier only picks up solid waste with
the Corporate Limits of Pamplin City.
Anyone bringing 20 or more tires to the Landfill for disposal will on
be charged 50 percent of the above charge. i.e. 20 sixteen inch tix
at $1.00 = $20.00 times 50% = $10.00 charge.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board concerning the Transportation Enhanceme!
Program Grant, Route of Lee’s Retreat. This grant is in conjunct}
with Amelia, Buckingham, Cumberland, Dinwiddie, Nottoway and Prin
Edward. The project title is Driving Tour of the Route of Lee/s
Retreat. There are three sites proposed in Appomattox County. One
the Depot, one at New Hope Baptist Church (Rear Guard), and one at t
Courthouse Historical Park. Mr. Rice asked the Board if they wo
like to hold a public hearing for this grant application to hear pub]
comment prior to making a decision to participate. After discuss
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to participate
the Transportation Enhancement Program Grant application with Amelj
Buckingham, Cumberland, Dinwiddie, Nottoway and Prince Edward. Vot
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aj
Mr. Torrence, aye.
ze\>]
Mr. Rice also presented a proposal from Carolyn Lawson to apply for
Transportation Enhancement Program Grant to put up "Gateway" signs
all roads as you enter the County. Mrs. Beasley made a motion second