376
As defined in this policy "Long Term" is a request to use the field
more than once per week over a period of time. Example: Appomattox
County High School (February - May), Appomattox Youth Association (May
- July). Individuals or groups (Clubs) wishing to conduct a tournamen
as a fund raising event (2 - 3) days over a weekend.) Initial contact
would be a member of the Appomattox County Recreation Department.
operating season to ensure the building will be left clean and
orderly. The deposit will be returned at the end of the season
after the building has been inspected by county.
The individual operating the concession stand will be responsible
for picking all trash up nightly as well as emptying all trash
barrels into the dumpster. ALL TRASH SHOULD BE EMPTIED OUT OF THE
CONCESSION NIGHTLY.
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BALL FIELD USE AGREEMENT
ct
THE FOLLOWING GUIDELINES MUST BE FOLLOWED:
Written application must be made by one or more persons who will
sign this agreement form. This person(s) will then be our main
contact in the event of problems.
No alcoholic beverages allowed on grounds at any time.
Applicant(s) should complete an application for the use of the
ball field and return to the Recreation Department prior to your
event.
All games must terminate by 11:00 P.M. and lights turned off by
11:30 P.M.
In the event of inclement weather (wet field/grounds) the
Recreation Department should be contacted to determine whether or
not the ball field is playable. (Coaches may decide for the high
school or the Youth Association Teams.)
No fees (admission/parking) can be charged unless county’s
approval is given. The county reserves the right to know why a
fee is necessary and what the money collected will be used for.
Appomattox County will furnish and maintain field, lights, and
major repairs; subject to Board of Supervisors approval.
It is extremely important that applicant(s), League Officials,
and Coaches enforce the following:
A. Park in designated areas only.
B. Trash should be picked up nightly and placed in barrels.
c. Infield, pitchers mound, and batters box should be left in
good condition as found.
D. Field and grounds should be policed nightly.