356
Barry Morris
Susan Hudson
Peter Zdgiebloski
Planning Commission Members Absent:
Shannon Dews
Johnnie Roark-(attending another meeting at Appomattox High School)
Chairman of Planning Commission, George Almond, called the public hearing to order.
Chairman Craft called the Board of Supervisors to order at 7:00 p.m.
Chairman Craft explained that Mr. Roark would not be in attendance at this meeting due to
having to attend another scheduled meeting being held by Williams Gas Company regarding the
natural gas rupture that took place on Sunday, and that Mr. John Spencer would be conducting
this meeting.
Chairman Craft explained the procedure for addressing the Board during the public hearing.
Mr. Spencer apologized for the power point equipment not working as planned for this meeting.
Mr. Spencer presented the first petition to be discussed as petition#CUP08006- Lawson Family
Trust, LLC and explained that they are requesting a conditional use permit to place an off-
premise sign on property located at 129 Police Tower Road (TM#63-A-11) and is approximately
5.99 acres and is in the Southside District. The property is zoned M-1, Industrial.
Chairman Craft called for anyone who wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Ron Martin of 191 Police Tower Road, Appomattox, Virginia came forward and stated that
he is the owner of Stall Works, LLC, and he is simply wanting to place a sign up to help
customers and venders find them and to advertise Stallworks, LLC,.
Chairman Craft called for anyone else who wished to speak in favor of this petition, hearing
none, he called for anyone who wished to speak against this petition. Hearing no further
comments, Chairman Craft asked Mr. Spencer to present the next petition.
Mr. Spencer presented petition #CUP08007- Whitaker R. Johnston — who is requesting a
conditional use permit to operate a commercial kennel on property located off Reedy Spring
Road (Route 648) (portion of TM#95-A-19 & 20) in the Southside District. The property is
zoned A-1, Agricultural. The site is located in a rural area of the county on a large tract (2+
acres) parcel. Mr. Whitaker plans on utilizing two existing buildings on the property that were
formerly used as a shop area and a barn (Bob’s Garage & Auto). The buildings will be fitted
with sound muffling material to reduce the impact of the animals. Mr. Whitaker states in his
application that he intends to board 15-20 dogs at any given time. Mr. Whitaker plans on
installing fencing and lighting to enclose several outdoor areas for the dogs to use, which are
located adjacent to the kennel and training building. The house located on the property will be