413
The regular monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors was held on May 2, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the Board of
Supervisors meeting room adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office,
Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Mr. Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Torrence, Chairman, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M.
Mr. Moore gave the invocation.
Mr. Torrence adjourned the meeting to the Courthouse due to the number
of citizens in attendance.
Mr. Torrence reconvened the meeting at 7:08 P.M. in the Courthouse and
called on Ms. Renee Hoffman to appear before the Board.
Ms. Hoffman stated that she was representing a group of citizens
concerned with the plans to renovate the Middle School. Ms. Hoffman
requests the Board let the citizens make the decision of whether to
construct a new middle school by putting this issue as a referendum on
the ballot in November 1994. Ms. Hoffman also requests that the Board
postpone renovation of the fine arts building until after the November
1994 election.
Mr. Torrence thanked Ms. Hoffman and recognized Mr. Ken Woodley.
Mr. Woodley began by thanking the Board for allowing him to speak on
the Middle School issue. Mr. Woodley requested that the Board listen
to the people and put the issue of a new middle school on the ballot in
November 1994. Mr. Woodley continued by saying that he was sure the
Board would make the right decision.
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Woodley and recognized Dr. Richard Poe,
Chairman, Appomattox County School Board.
Dr. Poe began by reading a motion from the April 28, 1994 special
meeting of the School Board. The motion reads as follows: "The
Appomattox County School Board requests the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to rescind their directive to the School Board to renovate
the middle school as previously planned. In so doing, the Board of
Supervisors would request that it be put on the ballot in November 1994
for public referendum." This decision was made as a result of a request
from the aforementioned group of citizens in response to a statement