352
Mr. Tanner stated that we need to go into this as a win for both the Town and County.
The Board discussed if the meetings of this committee would be held in closed session.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Freedom of Information Act states that a meeting of this Board
having more than two members discussing County business is considered a meeting and must be
in open session, If two members of the Board are serving on a committee it represents a quorum
of the Board and it too should keep all meetings in open session. There are some provisions that
would allow you to enter into executive session.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the two members of this committee feel that the County Attorney is
needed Mr. Overstreet will attend.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #7A-Declaration of Emergency Resolution
RESOLUTION TO CONFIRM DECLARATION OF A LOCAL EMERGENCY
WHEREAS, Aileen T. Ferguson, Emergency Services Director, did declare in accordance with
§44-146.21 of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as amended, a local emergency for Appomattox
County due to a pipeline explosion at 7:30 a.m. on Sunday, September 14, 2008 and,
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, Virginia, does hereby
confirm:
1, That due to the occurrence of this explosion, the County of Appomattox is facing a
condition of extreme peril to the lives, safety and property of the residents of Appomattox
County;
2. That a result of this extreme peril, the proclamation of the existence of an emergency is
necessary to permit the full powers of government to deal effectively with this condition
of peril;
3. That it is necessary to ratify the declaration of local emergency as declared on September
14, 2004 by the Emergency Services Director.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY PROCLAIMED by the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox, Virginia, that a local emergency now exists throughout the County of
Appomattox; and
IT IS FURTHER PROCLAIMED AND ORDERED that during the existence of this
emergency the powers, functions, and duties of Emergency Services and the Emergency Services
organization and function of the County of Appomattox shail be those prescribed by the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia and the ordinances, resolutions, and approved plans of the
County of Appomattox in order to mitigate the effects of said emergency.
Ms. Ferguson read the Declaration of a Local Emergency Resolution to the Board for adoption.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt this Resolution as presented. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion, having no further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.