186
previously presented. Public Hearing was scheduled for June 7, 1993 at
7:30 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson asked the Board’s guidance concerning billing procedures
for contract haulers. After explaining the present policy to the Board
the Board asked Mr. Johnny Knight if he had anything he would like to
say concerning this matter. Mr. Knight explained that he was having
difficulty figuring how to charge his customers. He would like a flat
rate established for a 30 yard box so that he would get payment prior
to dumping containers.
Mr. Jamerson stated that he felt that it would be unfair to establish a
flat rate for Mr. Knight and expect other contract haulers to pay the
rate as established by the ordinance. After discussion Mr. Knight was
thanked and excused.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up an additional appropriation from the
landfill bond in the amount of $39,993.98 for engineering fees and
signs. Motion to approved additional $39,993.98 appropriation from
landfill bond money was made by Mr. Torrence and seconded by Mrs.
Beasley. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson addressed Mr. Peterson’s request for supplemental budget
appropriation of $1400.00 for repair supplies, $210.00 for office
supplies, $276.00 for maintenance supplies. Motion by Mr. Torrence
seconded by Mr. Moore to approve supplemental budget appropriation
totaling $1886.00 for repair supplies, office supplies and maintenance
supplies for 4304. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. Mr. Jamerson thanked
and excused Mr. Peterson.
Mr. Torrence requested that Mr. David Hancock, property owner adjacent
to the new Route 604 transfer site, be allowed to address the Board
with some concerns.
Mr. Hancock is concerned that the new transfer site may be detrimental
to the value of his property. He stated that he would he willing to
sell this property to the County for what he paid for it.
Mr. Jamerson suggested if Mr. Hancock has an offer to make to the
County that he put it in writing and present it to the Board. He felt
that it would be inappropriate to consider Mr. Hancock’s proposal at
this time. After discussion Mr. Hancock was thanked and excused.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Board on his concern about Central
Purchasing. He would like to have a committee appointed to access the
need or a justifiable reason to have Central purchasing in the County.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to put in place a fact
finding study committee to assess the needs of or a justifiable reason
to have Central Purchasing in Appomattox County. This committee should
report back to the Board within sixty (60) days with its findings and
ps)