108
actions of the two (2) Boards regarding use of the Community
Center. After a lengthy discussion, the Board decided by
consensus to accept the recommendation of the Community
Center Board and establish fees for use of the Community
Center. However, the Board of Supervisors asks the Community
Center Board to consider waiving the user’s fees for worthy
non-profit organizations especially those subsidized by the
County.
Mrs. Beasley informed the Board of Supervisors the Social
Services Board is running short of money in the Auxiliary
Grant funds. This money is an entitlement program for people
in adult nursing homes and is funded by State and Local
monies - 20% local and 80% State. The Social Services Board
estimates an additional $10,500.00 will be needed for the
rest of FY93. Therefore, the County’s share will be
$2,100.00. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate from unappropriated
Surplus $2100.00 representing the County’s 20% share for an
additional $10500.00 to be applied to the Social Services’s
Auxiliary Grant program. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, nay; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board that Mr. Al Stoner has
informed him of a vacancy from Appomattox on the Central
Virginia Air Pollution Control Committee. Mr. Stoner ask the
Board to fill this vacancy and to contribute $100.00 to the
Committee. After discussion, the Board by consensus directed
Mr. Rice to inform Mr. Stoner the County did not budget this
money, but will consider it for the FY94 budget.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board of an invitation to join the
National Association of Counties. Dues are $265.00 per
year. No action was taken.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board of several upcoming seminars
which may be of interest. Several Board members expressed
interest. Attendance is to be confirmed at a later date.
Mr. Rice furnished the Board a reply from Mr. Plath, Acting
District Director, VPI Extension Service, regarding the Board
request of 9/23/92 to fill two (2) vacancies at the
Appomattox Extension office. The Board by consensus agreed
to take no further action on this matter.
Mr. Carwile requested the Board consider asking the Electoral
Board to furnish a plastic enclosed identification card for
Board members. Mr. Carwile asked Mr. Rice to contact the
Electoral Board about this possibility.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of a request from Virginia
Association of Counties to adopt a resolution for EPA to
restore the exemption for local governments concerning
financial assurance requirements for municipal landfills.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adopt the following resolution and notify our
federal government representative of the Board position: