102
and expressed hope the County’s efforts in regard to economic
development will continue and successes follow.
Mr. Jamerson next called the County Attorney, Mr. Thomas
Lawson. Mr. Lawson reported he has just recently received
plats from the Town of Appomattox for transfer of the
ballpark from the Town to the County and utility easements
and well sites at the Community Center from the County to the
Town. Mr. Lawson stated these transfers will be completed
and recorded soon.
Mr. Lawson next informed the Board he had reviewed
Lynchburg’s noise ordinance and a couple of others at the
request of Mr. Rice and was of the opinion Appomattox County
didn’t need similar legislation because the ordinance was
hard to enforce and required expensive monitoring equipment
and training. Further, Mr. Lawson said he did not know of
any serious or continuous’ problems because of loud noises.
Mr. Rice reported he had talked to the Sheriff regarding this
as requested by the Board and the Sheriff also perceived no
major noise problems in the County.
Mr. Lawson next reported he had been asked by Mr. Rice how
long it would take to enact an increased utility tax. Mr.
Lawson said he had looked this up in the State Code and found
it required at least 60 days written notice to the utility
companies subsequent to enactment.
Mr. Lawson next answered the question from the _ Board
concerning audio tape recording of the Board’s meetings. Mr.
Lawson said taping the open sessions of the Board’s meetings
was permissible, but not of executive sessions.
Mr. Lawson then presented two (2) bills for court costs and
explained how they evolved. Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to pay $150.00 to Lynchburg
Emergency Physicians for a rape exam and $159.75 to Lynchburg
General Marshall Lodge Hospital for a PREG test. The money
is to be derived from unappropriated surplus. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next Mr. Lawson presented a bill for the legal advertisements
for the Elected School Board Referendum. Mr. Rice stated he
waS unaware the ad had been placed. Mrs. Beasley madea
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay $222.75 to Atlantic
Publications from unappropriated surplus for the legal
advertisement of the Elected School Board Referendum. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Lawson concluded by informing the Board he had some
business to discuss with the Board in Executive Session
regarding litigation and personnel.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Tony Bright of Bright and
Associates. Mr. Bright commenced by informing the Board he
had visited with the Commissioner of Revenue’ since last