228
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board needs to determine what they want to advertise as the
proposed tax rate.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that a rate needs to be set knowing that they cannot
raise it above what has been advertised. Ms. Ferguson explained that the rate can be
lowered from the advertised rate, but you cannot go any higher without advertising again.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board still has not addressed Social Services proposed
budget which still contains two new positions and a three percent increase. Ms. Ferguson
stated that she is going to request Mr. Elder to change the increase to a two percent
increase which is what has been approved by the State.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she has about four employees that she is comparing their
salaries with surrounding positions to see how they compare.
Ms. Ferguson stated that a two percent increase on $21,000 is $420 a year which equals
to $35 a month increase and that possibly may not cover the increase in insurance.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Buckingham County is giving each employee $1000 increase.
She stated that she liked this because it is an even amount for even the lowest position.
Mr. Conrad stated that you have got to look at the complexity of the job. A $1000 fora
job that can be done by or is done by someone everyday is not quite fair for the person
who has a more complex job.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board is comfortable with her advertising the tax rate at
.50 cent per 100 she will do so.
Mr. Conrad stated that it would look better advertised at .49 cent rather than the .50 cent
per 100.
It was the consensus of the Board to advertise the proposed tax rate at .49 cent per 100.
Ms. Ferguson stated that it would go to the paper for advertisement tomorrow.
With no further budget discussion Mr. Tanner made a motion to adjourn and Mr. Moore
seconded the motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjourned at 9:00 p.m.
Wi H. Craft, rman