204
bleachers. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice discussed the revised FY94 budget request from the Healt
Department. This request reflects a 9.8% increase over the FY9
budget. After discussion and in order to continue at their presen
rate of service, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore t
approve $83,574.00 for FyY94 for the Appomattox County Healt
Department. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
v
Mr. Rice requested the Board approve adding expense of Animal Ward
school to the FY94 budget. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Torrence to add the cost of the Animal Warden school to the FY94 budge’
once cost has been determined. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasle
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson introduced a request from Treasurer Belter to install ne
lines to hook up DMV modem to computers. This would be beneficial t
citizens during County decal purchase. Mr. Moore made a motidc
seconded by Mr. Carwile to include $1,000.00 in the FY94 budget to pe
for installing hook-up to DMV modem in the Treasurer’s Office. Vote
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice made a line item transfer request to pay for (2) new lav
mowers. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appro\
the transfer of $717.00 from 4302-5308 General Liability Insurance t
4302-7001 equipment - to pay for lawn mowers. Vote: Mr. Jamersor
4
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.
—J
(0
Mr. Jamerson with agreement of the other Board members adjourned ttf
Board until the Public Hearing, June 7, 1993 at 7:30 P.M.
A Public Hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held
Monday, June 7, 1993 at the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, Virginia to receive comments on the _ propos
salordinance to Amend and Readopt Section 10.5 of the Solid Waste Dispos
Ordinance.
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District