194
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY
Tax Map Parcel 66(A)29, consisting of 234 acres, more or less
located on Route 632 approximately 2.4 miles from its intersection with
Route 634 in the Clover Hill Magisterial district. (A detailed mete
and bounds description is filed with the Board’s papers.)
OWNER OF PROPERTY
County of Appomattox
BE IT FURTHER ORDAINED that the administrator be and he is hereby
directed to designate the boundaries of the foregoing area as rezoned
on the zoning district map of Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstained}
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Jamerson, absent.
Mr. Carwile explained he abstained from voting because he did not know
enough about the circumstances leading to this action, much of which
developed before his term of office.
Mr. Torrence next informed the Board that members of the Town Council
wished to be present at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new solid
waste transfer site adjacent to Route 604 and had inadvertently no
been invited. After some discussion the Board, by consensus, decide
to reschedule the ceremony for Tuesday May 18, 1993 at 9:00 A.M. and t
invite the Appomattox Town Council.
Mr. Carwile informed the Board Mr. Sammy Carter had resigned from th
Community Center Board. Mr. Carter was the representative from th
Town of Appomattox. After discussion, the Board by consensus decide:
to write the Town, inform them of Mr. Carter’s resignation, and reques
a replacement be recommended for appointment.
Mr. Torrence next asked the Board to consider a request from th
Library Board to appropriate $2011.57 from the Library Fund to purchase
computer bar coding equipment and books. After discussion, Mrs
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $2011.5
from the Library Fund to purchase computer bar coding equipment ar
books. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Torrence next asked the Board to consider a request to appropriat
money from the Landfill Bond. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate from the Landfill Bond t
Fund $29,160.00 to pay for new 40 cu yd roll off solid waste
containers, $79,629.00 to pay for the new 1993 model Mack roll-off