481
same price. Ms. Rockefeller wants the Board to make the decision as to whether the County will also do
this for businesses and not just citizens.
After a lengthy discussion, it was the consensus of the Board for Appomattox County Landfill to continue
taking wood and brush from citizens but have businesses take wood and brush to Lynchburg.
Chairman Conrad next stated that Ms. Rockefeller is also requesting guidance from the Board on the
operation hours for the convenience sites and the cost which is associated with each of the proposed
scenarios. This information is on the hand out that has been provided by Ms. Rockefeller.
Ms. Rockefeller explained the different options that the Board could work with on the hours for the
convenience centers. Ms. Rockefeller stated that the Board could approve the sites to be open seven days
a week twelve hours a day, which she feels is not necessary. Ms. Rockefeller stated that based on the
amount of waste that is brought into the landfill, she can tell when the sites are used and not used. Ms.
Rockefeller stated that the weekend is the biggest time that the sites are used. Ms. Rockefeller explained
that if the sites are open Monday — Saturday from 7am to 7pm and on Sundays from 9am to 3pm it will
cost us approximately $292,000 in salaries and this does not include operation expenses. Ms. Rockefeller
next explained if the sites closed at 5 pm from November 1 — February 28 the approximate cost of salaries
would be $279,000. Ms. Rockefeller also gave an option of closing sites on Wednesdays which would
then cost the County approximately $254,000 in salaries. Ms. Rockefeller’s last scenario was to close on
Wednesday and also close at 5pm from November 1 — February 28 and the cost would be approximately
$243,000. Ms. Rockefeller stated that these prices do not include any operational cost such as electric,
phone, porta potty or supplies.
Chairman Conrad stated that he does not think it would be such a good idea to close on Wednesday’s.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that although convenience centers are closed on Wednesday’s the landfill would
remain open on Wednesday’s and if there was an emergency to get trash taken off it could be taken to the
landfill. Ms. Rockefeller stated that currently they do not haul trash on Wednesday’s and it is treated as a
maintenance day to get things in order for the rest of the week.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that she feels 99% sure that even with Wednesday closings, it will work and will
also save the County approximately $50,000 dollars.
It was the consensus of the Board to direct Ms. Rockefeller to follow the following hours of operation at
the convenience centers. Open on Monday — Saturday from 7am — 7pm closed on Wednesday’s and close
at Spm from November 1 — February 28". This is an approximate cost in salaries of $243,000.
Ms. Rockefeller stated that once these sites are open and available she will be bringing in her landfill
employees at 7am also to coincide with convenience center hours.
At 6:50 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion to close the special meeting and recess to the School Board office
for a joint meeting with Appomattox County School Board. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner absent.