624
Mr. Tanner made a motion to appoint Ms. Donna Pankey to the Library Board with term
beginning immediately and ending August 31, 2013 representing the Falling River District.
Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none,
he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#4 — Tobacco Commission Grant Resolution
and explained that at an earlier meeting the Board had agreed to move forward with a Tobacco
Commission grant application for the purpose of securing funding to establish a Broadband
Authority and enclosed is the resolution to accompany that application.
Resolution to endorse the application for
Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission
Southside Economic Development Grant Program funds
to aid in the development of a Broadband Authority serving Appomattox County, Virginia
WHEREAS, the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization
Commission (TICRC) has announced available funding for their Southside Economic
Development Grant Program; and
WHEREAS, both the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the Economic
Development Authority of Appomattox County have recognized the importance to our County's
economic health of continued and widespread Broadband deployment throughout Appomattox
County; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has joined with the other Region 2000 member
localities in supporting the Region 2000 Economic Development Council's increased emphasis
on Broadband deployment to raise the economic competitiveness of the Region; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, upon the recommendation
of the Economic Development Authority of Appomattox County, has endorsed the creation of a
Broadband Authority to serve County citizens.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby authorize application for funding in the amount of $55,000 (with $5,000
in matching County funds) from the Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community
Revitalization Commission for a Southside Economic Development grant to be utilized for (a)
the creation of a Broadband Authority pursuant to the provision of the Virginia Wireless Service
Authority Act; (b) an analysis of local vertical assets; (c) a preliminary propagation study to
identify locations where towers may be needed; (d) the competitive solicitation of proposals
from broadband providers; (e) and as a funding and financing conduit for the private sector as
needed.