699
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the amendment to the Emergency Operations Plan titled
“Hazard Specific Annex 8 — Pandemic Influenza (Flu)”. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s
motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#8- Region 2000 Services Authority and stated
that Clark Gibson, Executive Director for the Region 2000 Services Authority has requested that
the Local Government Guarantee for the Region 2000 Services Authority be approved in order
for him to provide the proper assurances to DEQ for the Regional Landfill. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion.
Mr. Craft questioned if this was done last year.
Ms. Ferguson stated that last year the City of Lynchburg did everything, this year it was
determined that we should function as a full Board and as our agreement that the Board
approved when joining the Regional Services Authority. Ms. Ferguson stated that this is just a
formality and this will be done annually. Ms. Ferguson stated that this is financial assurance
documentation.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the Local Government Guarantee for the Region 2000
Services Authority. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion, hearing no further discussion,
Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9- Organizational Chart and Job Description
Changes and explained that staff has reviewed the amended organizational chart and the job
descriptions and find these changes necessary in order for the office to fun more efficiently and
is asking that the board approve the revised organizational chart and job descriptions as
presented. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she did have a comment that Mr. Carter had ask her to give to the Board
concerning this issue. Mr. Carter is asking that the Director of Community Development stay
under the general direction of the County Administrator.
Mr. Tanner asked if Mr. Carter elaborated on why he preferred the Director of Community
Development to stay under the general direction of the County Administrator. Ms. Ferguson
stated that when Mr. Carter gave her his comment, he did not elaborate on his reason.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the Organizational Chart and Job Descriptions as submitted.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no comment, Chairman Conrad called for a
vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.