252
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
R
Torrence, aye. Ms. Beasley had left the meeting.
Being no further business and with agreement of the other Boat
members, Mr. Jamerson adjourned the Board until August 25, 1993 at 6:
P.M. in the School Board conference room. ‘ ‘
A joint meeting and work session was held by the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors and the Appomattox County School Board August 25,
1993 at 6:00 P.M. in the School Board’s conference room, North Court
Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Mr. W. E. Jamerson - Courthouse District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Absent: Ms. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Present: (School Board):
Mr. Winfred D. Nash
Dr. Richard B. Poe
Mr. Samuel S. Scott IIT
Also present: Dr. Jack P. Thomas
Mr. Jamerson presiding call the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M.
Mr. Jamerson stated that this was not a public hearing but a joint
meeting between the two boards to discuss the information mad
available to them concerning the middle school renovation/constructio
project.
rt
Dr. Thomas gave a summary of what had been done to this poin
concerning the middle school renovation/construction plans.
feasibility study was conducted by the State Department of Educatiol
followed by a facilities study and the architects presentation to thi
school board offering four alternate plans of action: 1) renovation o
Appomattox Middle School, 2) renovation of Appomattox Middle School ani
the construction of a new football stadium, 3) construction of a ne
middle school, and 4) construction of a new middle school and footbal!
stadium. Dr. Thomas further stated that there were no literary fund
available at the three percent interest rate. It would be necessary
apply for VSPA loans at the current interest rate of six and one-hal
percent. There is a possibility that this rate may decrease to fiv
precent. Loans through the VSPA will be available in November 1993 an
March 1994 and the State Department of Education has stated that mone
will be available to us. The Board of Supervisors and the School Boar
1 Fel al |) bes MY = 2a
fon mer m= we ms () ma
od