563
Mr. Craft made a motion to appoint Mr. Andy Carroll to the Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership Board with term beginning January 1, 2009 and ending December 31,
2012. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing
none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #9 — Economic Development Director and
stated that Ms. Ferguson has provided the Board with the approved job description and a
proposed budget for this position and she is proposing to advertise for this position immediately
and would like several members of the Board to agree to serve on the interview panel. Chairman
Conrad stated that Ms. Ferguson is planning on housing this position at the community center
where there is a vacant office that is already furnished. Chairman Conrad stated that this would
allow Donna Sayre to answer the telephone for that department. Chairman Conrad stated that
staff is requesting the Board consider approving the proposed budget for the economic
development director. Chairman called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that he would like to recommend that the salary range be changed.
Mtr. Tanner stated that he would like to lower the salary range from $50,000 to $45,000 and he
had no problem to cap the salary at $75,000.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to see Ms. Ferguson also check on the grade of that
position.
Mr. Carter stated that this job description states that this position would be under general
direction of the Deputy County Administrator he would like to see them under the direction of
the County Administrator.
Mr. Carter discussed the wording of the advertisement on this position and it was the consensus
of the Board that the proposed advertisement was worded correctly.
Ms. Ferguson gave an explanation of how she had prepared the proposed budget.
There was discussion on screening of the applications that have been received and how the
applicants would be selected for interviews. Ms. Ferguson stated that in reviewing the
applications they all need to be screened on the same criteria.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board may want to consider asking Bryan David, who would be
excellent, to serve on the interview panel.
Chairman Conrad stated that the Board needed to decide who would serve on this interview
panel.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to serve on the interview panel.
Chairman Conrad stated that he would like to serve on the interview panel.