483
Dr. Boone continued on the successes of the schools by explaining that ACPS was awarded 2009
SVTC School Division Technology Award. Dr. Boone stated that 414 students had perfect
scores on the SOL’s.
Dr. Boone stated that he feels that these accomplishments have been achieved by having a hard
working and dedicated staff. Dr. Boone also contributes the success to small class sizes and
services to students, early interventions, curriculum alignment work, professional development
of the school division and the ongoing assessment of student achievement and effective uses of
instructional technology.
Dr. Boone next explained the budget goals as being able to maintain salaries and benefits attain
and maintain student teacher ratio not to exceed 18:1 at elementary and 25:1 at secondary level.
Dr. Boone would like to meet program and staffing requirements for federal and state, being able
to provide adequate, safe, clean facilities and continue to maintain technology support.
Dr. Boone next explained some of the budget challenges as being ADM loss adjustment, state
funds targeted to specific areas, anticipated loss from state and local revenue, limited discretion
in use of stimulus funds, being able to maintain theF Y09 levels of pay for all employees, and
trying to eliminate positions without eliminating people.
Dr. Boone stated that some budget unknowns are the federal funding (maintenance of effort),
federal stimulus funding, employee health insurance increase (actual rate) and the payout for
unused sick leave due to retirements.
Billy Perrow explained the average daily membership (ADM) is how we are funded by the State
and based on the past twelve years Appomattox County has had a major decline in membership.
Dr. Boone explained that the proposed budget is based on the ADM of 2130 students, while the
States projection for enrollment is 2109 students which he feels is low.
Dr. Boone next explained the current revenue document uses conference budget, prior year
federal revenues, reduced Medicaid dollars and the Laurel reimbursement (150,000), $11,000
local funding for federal matches, $73,000 local funding for preschool handicapped (which is a
federal mandate), and 2130 enrollment. Dr. Boone explained that State has a sales tax
projection being reduced by $67,000 and basic aid has increased $50,000, some additional help
(Lottery) is amounting to approximately $146,000.
Dr. Boone explained the local textbook match has been removed in the amount of $61,000, a net
local matching decrease of $45,000, the State funding cap loss in the amount of $348,000 has
been removed and stimulus money outside of education is added in the amount of $909,000 and
they are still waiting for direction on this.
Dr. Boone briefed the board on the projected revenue figure as being approximately
$20,069,508.