490
Mr. Craft asked if the increase of six cents would be giving any extra in the budget, Ms.
Ferguson stated that it would just balance the budget with no extra funds.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had not received anything official from the school on their budget,
so she has used a $21 million figure for their budget and a $4 million dollar figure as the local
effort. Ms. Ferguson stated that in the joint meeting with the School Board, Mr. Waddell
requested that the Board at least level fund them which would be $4,196,387 in local funds. Ms.
Ferguson stated that she realized that this was not a formal request.
Mr. Tanner questioned when we would know what the School would be asking. Ms. Ferguson
stated that at the joint meeting it was stated that they hoped to have the budget figures by April 9,
and she does not think anything will be provided any sooner.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there are still a lot of questions on how the stimulus money can be spent
and that they are not going to be able to present a budget until some of those questions are
answered.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the revenues on interest earned is down b y $200,000 and will not pick
up during this fiscal year.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there is a loss in sales tax but we have not noticed this drastically yet.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had not built in a ten percent increase for health care cost, however
after the joint meeting with the School Board she found that they had built this increase into their
budget; she had gone back and put it in the Board budget. Ms. Ferguson stated that she did not
put this in the budget earlier due to thinking the cost would be passed on to the employee.
Ms. Ferguson stated that no salary increases had been put into the budget.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that they must give a 30 day notice if they are anticipating a
tax increase.
Chairman Conrad stated that we need to do as much cutting as we can due to having an effect on
a lot of people with the economy as bad as it is. Chairman Conrad stated that he feels the Board
has a responsibility to keep the tax rate as low as we possibly can.
Ms. Ferguson explained what she had included in 1101-3002 Professional Services.
Mr. Carter suggested cutting 1101-5504 travel in the amount of $2,000.
Mr. Carter suggested cutting 1201-5504 — travel convention/education in the amount of $2,366.
Mr. Carter suggested that if anyone would like to attend a VACo conference they should pay
their own expenses. This would leave the balance as $2634