697
Beasley and Mr. Harold Lester have filed citizen applications expressing their interest in serving
on the EDA. Chairman Conrad called for comments from the Board.
Mr. Craft stated that he felt that the entire Board should be present before making this decision.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Carter had left her several comments if the Board wished to go
ahead with this decision, however if the Board felt they should wait until all members are
present, she would save his comments and let him speak.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agreed with Mr. Craft in tabling this issue until we have a complete
Board present.
Chairman Conrad stated that previously the Board has reappointed those who wish to continue
with their current appointment to a Board or Committee. Mr. Conrad stated that when Mr. Rago
has to leave the area for another job, we could appoint someone else at that time.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would feel more comfortable waiting until a complete Board was
present.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this issue.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3- Change Order for CVCC Phase III (Board
Meeting Room) as stated; the Board has already approved the largest portion of this change order
which is the casework, for the Board room. The other changes are minor and itemized. Chairman
Conrad stated that Staff is recommending that the Board approve Change Order Number 1 in the
amount of $12,663.40. Chairman Conrad called for comment.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve Change Order Number 1 for CVCC Phase III (Board
Meeting Room) in the amount of $12,663.40. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none; he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Tanner.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4- Sound System for the Board Room and
explained that proposals have been received from three firms experienced in installing sound
systems. One firm submitted a comprehensive proposal for sound and video that exceeded our
budget projections. Another firm proposed a traditional system similar to the system at the
Community Center and the third firm, Stage Sound of Roanoke, proposed a reasonably priced
alternative that seems to address many of the complaints received on the Community Center
system. The add-alternate bid is for a small video camera system to allow observation from the
IT closet. Chairman Conrad stated that all proposals have included the use of three wireless
microphones and four hearing impaired sets from the Community Center. Chairman Conrad
stated that Staff is recommending the Board accept the Stage Sound proposal, including the add-