332
Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye,
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3 — Planning Commission Appointment
from Falling River District. Mr. Conrad stated that he had one person who had
expressed an interest in serving in this capacity which was John Harrison.
Mr. Carter stated that he knew of someone who was interested in serving, but was
waiting for an advertisement to run in the newspaper.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4 — Job Description for Director of
Economic Development and Tourism.
Mr. Carter stated that he liked the job description, however he is concerned having
tourism incorporated, and feels that we need to drop Tourism from this description.
Mr. Craft stated that he thought this position would include writing grants, but has found
that Region 2000 does most of the grant writing for the County.
Mr. Carter stated that the economic development coordinator would be expected to assist
and write some grants.
Mr. Craft stated that he has had several meetings with Bryan David and the push is for
already owned businesses to expand.
Mr. Carter stated that now is the time for the County to step forward and get things
moving, Mr. Carter pointed out what Prince Edward County has done as being a prime
example.
Mr. Conrad stated that maybe we need to consider this during next year’s budget season
as we do not have the funding at this time for this position.
Mr. Carter stated that he was looking at this to take place in this budget year and if we
need to go and borrow money, now is the time . Mr. Carter stated that this person needs
to be put on staff as soon as possible. Mr. Carter pointed out that it is already going to be
several months even now before we can get this person hired.
Mr. Craft stated that it is going to take at least a half million dollars to get this position in
place.
Mr. Carter stated that our industrial park has been here for ten years and now is the time
to get this park up and going to help enhance our tax base and help the citizens of this
county.
Mr. Craft stated that maybe we should speak with our financial advisor as it seems that
we are already going to run out of money this year.