342
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4 — Position Description for Director of
Economic Development and called for discussion.
Chairman Craft explained that the only changes made to this job description from the last
meeting would be removal of Tourism from the description and also adding the salary
range.
Mr. Carter questioned if three year’s experience would be adequate for this position.
Mr. Carter stated that the County needed someone with experience coming into this job
and being ready to begin without much training.
Mrs. Ferguson asked Mr. Carter what he felt would be an adequate amount of experience
needed for this position.
Mr. Carter stated that he was not sure, and it could be that the three years would be
sufficient. Mr. Carter stated that he was just bringing this before the Board to see what
they thought.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the amount of experience needed could very well depend on the
applicant that is hired.
Mr. Carter then stated to leave the experience at three years.
Mr. Carter then voiced a concern on the salary scale.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the salary scale for the entire County is below what it should be.
Mr. Carter stated that he was thinking the salary scale should range from $55,000 —
$75,000 dollars.
Mr. Conrad stated that in what the Board is asking in experience and degrees most
applicants would be looking for a salary above what we are setting.
Mr. Carter stated that the scale should begin at a minimum of $50,000 dollars.
Ms. Ferguson questioned if the Board was in consensus on setting the salary range for the
Economic Development Coordinator in the range of $50,000 — $75,000. Ms. Ferguson
stated that she is not sure what the pay grade would be but she would look into this. Ms.
Ferguson asked if was also the consensus of the Board to leave the experience at three
years.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would make these corrections to the job description and
bring back to the Board at the next meeting for approval.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #5 — Agreement with School Board
for use of Facilities and called for discussion that the Board may have.