465
Ms. Ferguson stated that she believed that stimulus money will be coming through
already established avenues such as VDH and we will not see an entitlement directly to
Appomattox County and we would have to apply for these funds. Ms. Ferguson pointed
out to the Board that at some time in the future we may be pressed to make some quick
decisions with supporting resolutions and documents.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she hopes to bring the proposed budget calendar to the next
scheduled meeting.
At 8:00 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion to enter into closed session in accordance with
Section 2.2-3711(A)(3) Code of Virginia to discuss acquisition and disposition of
property which will be directly related to the Museum of Confederacy. Mr. Tanner
seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
At 8:22 p.m. Mr. Tanner made a motion to reenter into regular session. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Certification Motion for a Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed
session this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law
were discussed in the closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii)
only such matters were heard, discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad reminded the Board of all upcoming meetings.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adjourn at 8:25 p.m. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s
motion. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.