se OSE EEROMANE NEAR RES AGN
Mr. Jamerson declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:51 P.M.
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting
Room, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, July
13, 1992 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. The invocation was given by Mr. Carwile.
Minutes for the meetings of June 8, 1992 and June 29, 1992
and the Public Hearing of June 2, 1992 were presented for
approval, copies having been transmitted to members of the
Board prior to the meeting.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Carwile it was
resolved to dispense with reading of these minutes. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson called for corrections, comments, and/or
questions on any or all of the minutes. There being none,
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve
the minutes. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson called Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Virginia Department
of Transportation Resident Engineer. Ms. Lindsey reported
Appomattox County’s Secondary Road System fund has _ now
accumulated approximately $42,000 and reviewed the status of
the upgrade for the intersection of Route 26 and the roadway
across from Route 677. Additional right-of-way needs to be
acquired before this project can proceed.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Landfill
Supervisor. Mr. Peterson reported four (4) used 13,000
gallon capacity steel tanks were available within two (2)
weeks from Bill Litchford at a cost of $6,500.00 which
includes delivery, a catwalk and stair system, and supports
to elevate the installation. Pictures of the tanks were
presented the Board for review. Mr. Peterson reported he had
shopped for other similar tanks and felt this was the best
deal available. Mr. Carwile being in the septic’ tank
business for sometime confirmed this deal was very
advantageous for the County and that there was "no use in
looking further." Messers. Carwile and Jamerson remembered
Mr Peterson had previously been authorized to pursue the
purchase of used storage tanks for leachate collection and
that no further formal Board action was required. Mr.
Peterson pointed out that about 2,500 gallons of leachate had
007