555
On Monday, June 15, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held their
regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Community
Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attormey
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. Mr. Craft delivered the invocation which was then followed by
the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Ms. Ferguson added to the agenda-Line
Item Transfer15A and Line Item Transfer 15B for carry over balances to fiscal year 2010. Ms.
Ferguson made several corrections to administrative items, the first being consent agenda item
#12- Animal Control; instead of the supplement being $32,000 change to $5,000. The second
correction will be under consent agenda also, item#15- Legal Services please change the transfer
request from $640.00 to $200. Ms. Ferguson next asked the Board to look at the upcoming
meeting schedule and stated that they have been given a revised schedule which will be adding a
Special Called Meeting for June 22, 2009, with the EDA and Bryan David. This revised schedule
will! be deleting the July 28" joint meeting with Town Council which has not been confirmed.
Chairman Conrad called for public comment.
Mr. Claude Alien Moore came forward and stated his address as 392 Liberty Chapel Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Moore began by stating he had several items to address concerning
the Board. Mr. Moore began by stating that he did not feel the Board had done their homework
concerning the waterline, before making a decision, however now that we are in a contract with
Campbell County, he has calculated that the County will be starting out over $16,000 in the red,
Mr. Moore explained that his figure was based on the number of people signed up for this
waterline he then provided the Board with how he had calculated this dollar figure. Mr. Moore
stated that the point he wanted to make is that the Town has come up and asked for more time
and he does not know what giving the Town more time will do, he feels it is time the Board bites
the bullet and moves on with or without the Town. Mr. Moore stated that the only advantage
that he sees with the Town coming on board would be they already have a structure and that
would be a plus for this waterline. Mr. Moore next stated that he appreciates the Boards support
in helping him while he was trying to make a decision on whether to run for the Board in Mr.
Russell Moore’s position. Mr. Moore stated that he had talked with each board member and had