470
comment, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #3 — Reimbursement of
Conditional Use Fee and explained that fees had been submitted for a Conditional Use
Permit Application in late February and since that time, the petitioner has decided not to
pursue purchasing the property for which the CUP was requested, therefore the petitioner
is requesting a refund. Chairman Conrad explained that staff had not expended any time
of this petition.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Moore made a motion to approve the full refund in the amount of $200.00 to Russ
Nixon and supplementing to 8104-3002 for reimbursement. Mr. Carter seconded Mr.
Moore’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4 — Amendments to the Appomattox
County Code, Chapter-139 Solid Waste and explained that there had been multiple
additions and deletions to this chapter which pertain to the closure of the landfill and the
pending operation of the convenience centers. Chairman Conrad explained that staff is
requesting that the Board schedule a public hearing for April 20, 2009 to receive public
comment on the proposed changes. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to set a public hearing on the amendments to the Appomattox
County Code, Chapter-139 Solid Waste on April 20, 2009. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a
vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — GIS Internet Mapping and
Development Project and Administrative Item #6 — GIS Needs Assessment and then
explained that staff is moving towards completion of the Parcel Conversion Project and it
is now time to focus on the deployment of this data with the development of an internet
website that provides the public and county employees access to select GIS information
on a continuous basis. Chairman Conrad explained that staff has been planning for this
project and funds have been included in the FY2009 budget. Chairman Conrad also
explained that staff currently has multiple GIS projects underway in various stages and
additionally, user requirements, technology and increasing work flows have created the
need to evaluate the current status of the GIS within the County business operations and
create distinct work flows between all County stakeholders. Funding this project will be
derived from other savings in information technology, planning and public safety.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Roark to come and give an explanation of this request.
Mr. Roark came forward and introduced Ms. Sara Dennis who has been our primary
contact during the parcel conversion phase with Timmons.