313
Chairman Conrad questioned what would happen if the State funds the school for an ADM of
2109 and they actually end up with an ADM of 2130? Ms. Ferguson explained that we would
have to provide funds to meet the State’s match when that final count has been determined.
Chairman Conrad asked what would happen if the State was to fund them for an ADM of 2130
and the actual count ended up being 2109? Ms. Ferguson explained that the school would have
to pay funds back to the State.
Mr. Carter asked what would happen if we held on to the funds until we found out what the
actual count would be. Ms. Ferguson stated that she would think that the State only sends you
the funds based on their number, but she will check on this. Her understanding is the State is
only going to send funds for their count of 2108 and at the end of March, if you have more the
State will have to catch that up at that time. Ms. Ferguson stated that this has happened before
and that is when they receive a huge influx of extra money and they ask the Board to put it into
their CIP account.
Ms, Ferguson also stated that she had spoken with Wilson Staples, as instructed by the Board,
about removing one car from his budget and he is willing to do whatever he can or what we ask
him to do. He will cooperate although he has a concern that next year he will need to have four
cars instead of the three, so we really are not saving anything. Ms. Ferguson stated that the
presented budget does reflect taking one car out of the Sherriff’s budget.
Mr. Carter stated that now is the buying time with interest rates being down to purchase items of
this nature.
Mr. Tanner stated that he appreciates the Sheriff's willingness to work with the Board on this
request, however, he feels that we should not remove the car from his budget and keep them on
the rotation as they have been in previous years.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had talked with Anne and they had removed several items from her
budget, but it just does not add up to a lot when you are looking at these kinds of figures.
Mr. Carter stated that he knows that a lot of this is hard to digest and there is no question about it
and that this is very painful and no one in the world wants to raise taxes, but we have to live and
we have debts to pay and the County needs to move forward. Mr. Carter stated that he came
here tonight thinking about increasing the tax rate one cent for economic development
coordinator, one cent for funds for operation throughout the year and for the unknown, and one
cent for the CIP fund for the Community Park and if we did all this we are looking at a 16.2
percent tax increase, and we have already found that we made a mistake last year when we did
not increase taxes.
Chairman Conrad questioned how much more can the school’s budget be cut? Ms. Ferguson
stated that as of right now we can cut the school $357,310 which is over and above what it would