582
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2- Town of Appomattox and explained that at
a previous meeting the Board had tabled action on a letter from the Town of Appomattox
regarding the Towns proposal on the water line.
Mr. Carter stated that there are several loose ends with this issue that are being worked on and
asked if the Board would table this item until the July 20", 2009 meeting.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until the July 20", 2009 regular meeting.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3- Utilities and explained that Mr. Roark
provided the Board with water storage tank information at a previous meeting. Chairman Conrad
stated that before Hurt and Proffitt can move forward with design the Board must make a
decision on the style of storage tank. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Earl Dickerson provided the Board with more pictures of the various choices of storage
tanks. Mr. Dickerson explained that he had provided a picture of a more conventional water tank
similar to the one used by the Town of Appomattox which is a100,000 gallon tank which would
be the size the County would need.
After discussion on the various water storage tanks, Mr. Carter made a motion to purchase the
Multi-Column tank. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing no further discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr.
Cater, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4- Library Board Vacancy and stated that Dr.
Morris, Library Director had notified staff that Mrs. Morgan’s term on the Library Board has
expired and she is not willing to serve another term. Chairman Conrad explained that Ms.
Morgan represents the Falling River District.
Chairman Conrad stated that he had spoken with Dr. Morris and he will help in any way he can
to help find a replacement. Mr. Conrad stated that he will start looking for a replacement for this
Board vacancy.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5- Appomattox County School Board, and
stated that Billy Perrow, Director of Business with the Appomattox County School System on
behalf of the School Board is requesting that the Board consider purchasing property that joins
the school property. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson provided the Board with a diagram of the tax map and deed.
There was discussion of tabling this item and Ms. Ferguson explained that the Board needed to
take action on this and not table unless they are considering the purchase.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to not purchase the property as requested by the School Board. Mr.
Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he