611
CONCERNING THE PHYSICAL LOCATION OF ADULT EDUCATION PROGRAM
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors (Board) and the Appomattox County Public
Schools (Schools) do hereby agree to locate the Appomattox County Adult Education Program
(AEP) to a portion of the renovated area of the Carver-Price Educational Complex known as
CVCC Phase II located at 130 Carver Lane in the Town of Appomattox.
The space to be occupied by AEP is the rear suite of rooms in the CVCC Phase Il area. The
front suite facing Business Route 460 will be occupied by Central Virginia Community College
(CVCC). The Schools are permitted to use the described space only for AEP without the prior
written consent of the Board.
This agreement shall be open-ended subject to annual reviews by both the Board and Schools.
Either party may terminate this agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written notice.
There shall be no financial compensation required of the Schools in order to use the described
space.
There shall be no alterations to the described space without the prior written consent of the
Board.
The Schools shall be responsible for janitorial service within the described space.
It will be expected that maintenance will be shared between both parties. The Board shall be
financially responsible for major maintenance issues, but would expect assistance as necessary
from the Schools Maintenance Department to address any issue that would arise. Minor
maintenance issues such as changing light bulbs shall be the responsibility of the Schools.
The Board shall be responsible for paying all water, sewer and electricity bills. The Schools
shall be expected to practice conservation wherever practical.
The Schools shall be responsible for providing telephone service to the described area.
Broadband shall be provided by CVCC as long as such is deemed feasible by CVCC, after which
time broadband would be the responsibility of the Schools.
The Schools will be expected to maintain a positive working relationship with CVCC and to
adhere to any CVCC policies pertaining to accessing the described space.
Signed this day of , 2010 by the following parties:
Thonfas HWCYnrad Rev. J. Wesley Williams
Chairman, Board of Supervisors Chairman, School Board
Witness: Witness: