236
including the Counties of Amelia, Appomattox, Buckingham, Cumberland
Dinwiddie, Nottoway and Prince Edward.
ratNOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the County of Appomatto»
requests the Commonwealth Transporation Board to establish a project of
a Driving Tour of the Route of Lee’s Retreat.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County of Appomattox hereby
agrees to pay 20 percent of the total costs of $73,655, not to exceed
$15,000, for planning and design, right of way, and construction of
this project, and that, if the County of Appomattox subsequently elects
to cancel this project, the County of Appomattox hereby agrees t
reimburse the Virginia Department of Transportation for the tota
amount of the costs expended by the Department through the date thé
Department is notified of such cancellation.
bahOO
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
=.Mr. Torrence brought up the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department donatio
and asked what the Department needed to do to receive this donation.
0Mrs. Ferguson explanined that the Department needs to request that th
monies allocated them be released.
Mrs. Ferguson also gave the Board information requested at a previous
meeting concerning Fire Program Fund allocations by the Town of
Appomattox and Pamplin City.
Mr. Torrence feels that Appomattox County’s Fire Program Fund
allocation be divided equally between the two (2) fire departments
within the County. The previous policy has been to divide the
allocation 2/3 Appomattox Department, 1/3 Pamplin.
©After discussion Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley t
appropriate an additional $4,000.00 to Pamplin Volunteer Fir
Department. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
B-
Mrs. Ferguson brought a request to the Board to have our computer
program updated to modify the landfill statement so that it will be
easier for the customer to understand. Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve $780.00 to update computer
program. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
©:
Mr. Jamerson called on Mr. Lawson to go over the status of th
Recodificaition of the County Code.
Mr. Lawson went over the proposed code and advised of a few minor
changes. The Vending Machine Ordinance must be deleted. Thi:
ordinance is against State Code.
tft