532
On Monday, May 18, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held their
regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Community
Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner~— Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the regular scheduled meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:30 p.m. and delivered the invocation which was then followed by the
Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Chairman Conrad called for the setting of the agenda. Added to the agenda was Appearances by
Mr. Don Austin, VDOT, Mr. Jimmy Sanderson with Davenport and Company and Dan Siegel
with Sands Anderson Marks and Miller; added under Administrative Items was Item #5A —
Resolution on STAG Grant; Item #5B — Application for Fire Work Permit; Item #5C- Broad
Band Authority, and Item#5D- Trade Assistance Adjustment Act; added under the Consent
Agenda was Item #9A — Supplemental Appropriation and added under Informational Items was
Item #16A ~ Animal Control Court Case.
Hearing no public comment, Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Don Austin to come and brief the
Board on the restructure of VDOT being proposed which started in October with the economical
situation and short fall of funds. Mr. Austin stated that the construction program has really gone
down and so the focus or the field force of VDOT will be more the maintenance side and what
they are looking at are the residency offices like the one here in Appomattox and there are 44 of
those offices across the state. It is being proposed to close 15 and have only 29 residency
offices. Mr. Austin stated that this is a proposal and nothing is final as of yet. Mr. Austin stated
that the main focus is to downsize the residency offices. Mr. Austin stated that in snow removal
you should not see a big change in that area. Mr. Austin stated that one of the main priorities is
emergency response along with bridges and pavement.
Mr. Austin stated that you may see some difference in the grass mowing and on secondary roads
they may not be mowing as wide of an area. Mr. Austin stated that the Appomattox Residency
Office is being proposed to stay open. Mr. Austin stated that the Appomattox office may be
taking over and becoming a four county office instead of a two county office. Mr. Austin stated
that in the proposal it is proposed to close the Appomattox shop.
Mr. Austin also stated that there will be some impact on employees with job loss or moving to
another county. Mr. Austin stated currently VDOT has 8300 employees and by the budget law