529
did the Superintendent of Schools, Dr. Boone say that he did not matter to him because he does
not have a child in the school system; Mr. Day stated he does matter because he is a tax paying
citizen. Mr. Day stated that change has come to America and Appomattox County, but this
county is heading in the wrong direction and does not use its greatest asset, their cultural
diversity. Mr. Day stated that he is against the Board giving out any more tax payer’s money or
the raising of taxes until change is seen within the County. Mr. Day thanked the Board for their
time.
Chairman Conrad called for any other citizen who would like to speak.
Mr. Richard Wilson came forward and stated his address as 514 Gum Branch Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Wilson stated that people cannot afford a tax increase with
everything going up. Mr. Wilson asked the Board to not increase the taxes. Mr. Wilson stated
that maybe once Wal-Mart comes here and other industries follow, it will take the burden off of
the citizens. Mr, Wilson asked what we are doing about nothing being in the Industrial Park and
when are we going to have something out there. Mr. Wilson asked what you are going to do
when you tax people so much that there is nothing left to tax. Mr. Wilson stated that the young
people are leaving Appomattox. Mr. Wilson asked what we are going to do when the County is
broke. Mr. Wilson asked the Board to please consider not raising taxes and then thanked the
Board for allowing his comments.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Mrs. Michelle Ashley came forward and stated her address as 643 Country Estates Road,
Appomattox, Virginia. Ms. Ashley stated that she is surprised that so few people are in
attendance at this meeting. Ms. Ashley stated that her husband is an educator at Prince Edward
County and she is not able to work due to having to pay the high cost of day care. Ms. Ashley
asked the Board to please try to keep taxes as low as possible,
Chairman Conrad thanked Ms. Ashley for her comments.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments, hearing none, he stated that the Board would be
meeting next Monday to adopt the budget and until then that the Board will continue to look at
ways to reduce the budget if possible.
Chairman Conrad again called for comments before closing the public hearing.
Mr. Claude A. Moore came forward and stated his address as 392 Liberty Chapel Road,
Appomattox Virginia and asked the Chairman to explain that no rate has been set as of yet.
Chairman Conrad stated that the budget is a proposed budget and it can be reduced, up until it is
adopted, but it cannot be increased.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments, hearing none; he declared the public hearing closed
at 6:22 p.m.