655
Mr. Roark stated that currently over 95% of the County is zoned agricultural (A-1) withthe proposed zoning map having approximately 83% zoned (A-1) the new zone which istural residential (RR-1) being about 12%. Mr. Roark explained that the two zoned A-1and RR-1 will go hand in hand, with (A-1) proposing you must have three acres for newdevelopment and with (RR-1) there will be a one acre lot size for development equalingout to approximately 95% of County zoned in a rural nature. Mr. Roark explained thatthe Residential Zone (R-1) would equal to about four percent and less than 1000 acres incommercial and Industrial equaling about one percent.
Mr. Roark had a copy of the current zoning map along with the proposed zoning map forcitizens and the Board and explained the differences of the two maps and how theproposed changes would affect the County.
Mr. Roark tumed the meeting back over to Chairman Conrad.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Roark for his comments and explained the procedure foraddressing the Board. Chairman Conrad then called for public comment,
Mr. Stanley R. Conklin came forward and stated his address as 864 Mountain Cut Road,Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Conklin stated that he objected to this new ordinance and hewanted to see a stop to chopping up farm land and then explained that a contractor withthis new ordinance will now have to purchase an even larger tract of land than what isnow required and he does not understand the reasoning behind this.
Mr. Edward L. Surber came forward and stated his address as 1173 Humming Bird Lane,Appomattox. Mr. Surber wanted to know why this is being done and why do we need tochange? Mr. Surber stated that taxes had been changed three years ago and went from$8000 on an acre of land to $24,000 and we did not have a vote on this. Mr. Surber statedthat he feels it should be up to the people to vote on this and he feels that with theproposed changes, it is going to make it so that our young people will not be able to makeit, and they may not be able to afford three acre tracts instead of the one acre tract, Mr.Surber also questioned why the difference in the road frontage of the 100 foot verses 200feet? Mr. Surber also questioned who the members of the Planning Commission are andif they had asked any of the County citizens before deciding on these proposed changes?
Chairman Conrad reminded Mr. Surber that no questions could be ask of the PlanningCommission, and this time was allotted for public comment only. Mr. Surber stated thathe felt this should be put for a vote and allow County citizens to vote on the proposedchanges.
Ms. Sandra Clapp came forward and stated her address as 1502 Cedar Tree Road,Appomattox, Virginia.
Ms. Clapp stated that she was not even aware of these changes until a few weeks ago.She stated that during the County reassessment she was told her property was worth a lotmore due to road frontage and the price was raised per acre. She stated that with the