396
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Registrar for approval to
attend a workshop on May 12, 1994. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded k
Mrs. Beasley to approve for Mrs. Smith to attend a workshop and pay
expenses from 1101-5504. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented a letter from the 1994 Tour DuPont concerning
liability insurance. After discussion, and by consensus of the Board
it was agreed that Tour DuPont did not need to provide an individual
certificate of insurance for Appomattox County.
Mr. Torrence next addressed the issue of the Revised Memorandum of
Understanding with Virginia Cooperative Extension. Mr. Torrence stated
that he had reviewed this agreement and Virginia Cooperative Extension
has made the changes requested by the Board. Ms. Beasley made a motia
seconded by Mr. Paulette to accept the revised Memorandum of
Understanding with Virginia Cooperative Extension. Vote: Mr. Torrence
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a proposed resolution of support for funding t
be restored to Virginia Cooperative Extension.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette
to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors values the
benefits to its citizens of the services provided by the Virginia
Cooperative Extension Service, and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the
benefits of these services to other rural areas in the State;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors urges Delegate Watkins M. Abbitt, Jr., and Senator
Richard J. Holland to support the restitution of funding to the
budget of the Virginia Cooperative Extension Service.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson reported to the Board about the Emergency Operations Pla
&
and a recent meeting with key personnel following the recent ice storms.
Mrs. Ferguson also explained that Richard Martin has suggested that we
request Metropolitan Lynchburg Chapter of the American Red Cross accex
Appomattox as a member of this group. Mr. Paulette made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to request membership in the Metropolitan
Lynchburg Chapter of the American Red Cross as long as there is no
funding responsibility on the part of Appomattox County. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, ayé
tw