159
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Clifford Pugh’s landfill bill was dis;cussed next. The Board by
consensus agreed that Mr. Carwile should discuss the bill on behalf of
the Board with Mr. Pugh and his employer, Mr. Bill Litchford, trying to
resolve the differences.
Mr. Moore next asked to address the Boarcl concerning his discussions
with Mr. Horace Coleman regarding Mr. Coleman’s request to be appointed
to the Advisory Committee of the Area Agency on Aging. Mr. Moore, a
member of the Board of Directors of the Area Agency on Aging, reported
on his discussions with Mr. Coleman and the Area Agency on Aging’s
denial of Mr. Coleman’s appointment to the Advisory Committee because
of a prior agreement by Mr. Coleman not to again participate in the
affairs of the Agency. Mr. Moore explained the feeling of both sides
and informed the Board Mr. Coleman had relented to withdraw his
requested appointment. Mr. Torrence reported he too had discussed the
situation with Mr. Coleman and made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
make no recommendation for appointment to the Area Agency on Aging’s
Advisory Committee at this time. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business Mr. Moore made a motion at 10:08 P.M.
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting Room, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, April 12, 1993.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District:
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Also present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:30
P.M. and asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.