346
‘After further discussion, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Carwile also mentioned to Ms. Lindsay a situation on Route 712 and
Route 714. Mr. Carwile said that he understands that a stop sign has
been erected on Route 712 and he has received complaints from citizens
who use this route to reach Route 24.
Ms. Lindsay said that the Lynchburg Traffic Engineer had evaluated this
site and determined where the stop signs would be placed according to
traffic counts on the roads.
Mr. Torrence presented requests to renew raffle permits from American
Legion Post 104 and the Veterans of Foreign Wars. Ms. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve Raffle permits for 1994 for
American Legion Post 104 and Veterans of Foreign Wars-9855. Vote: Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence next presented a request from Virginia Cooperative
Extension Service to update our Memorandum of Understanding with them.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that the
Board would review this matter and take action at the February 1994
Board meeting.
Mr. Torrence next presented a request from the County of Lancaster
requesting a resolution of support to modify Virginia Association of
Counties’ By-Laws. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion
seconded by Ms. Beasley to approve the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
REQUEST TO AMEND THE VIRGINIA ASSOCIATION OF COUNTIES BY-LAWS
WHEREAS, most Virginia political subdivisions have long since
adopted election laws which elect office holders by specific districts
in lieu of being "at-large" representatives; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Association of Counties elects its regional
representatives by votes cast by all member counties regardless of the
region in which they are located; and
WHEREAS, there are large urban counties which have more votes than
entire regions in other parts of the Commonwealth; and
WHEREAS, this procedure has the potential to enable a single
county to cancel the unanimous decision of a particular region to be
represented by its own choice;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors offers an amendment, in accordance with Article XVII, tc
the By-Laws of the Virginia Association of Counties to rectify this
inequity;