255
ten dollars ($10.00), whichever is greater, which penalty
shall become a part of said tax; together with interest
thereon at a rate of ten (10) percent per annum, which
interest shall begin on the day after such tax is due.
147-46 If any part, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this
ordinance is for any reason declared to be unconstitutional
or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
decision shall not offset the validity of the remaining
portion of this section.
147-47 This ordinance shall be effective 12:01 a.m. January 1, 1994.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
ordinance.
Mr. Frank Gilliam, Route 656, Piney Mountain District, rose and
was recognized. Mr. Gilliam spoke in favor of the proposed ordinance
and was glad to see this change. Mr. Gilliam thanked the Board for
their time.
Hearing no other comments Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lawson to read
the next proposed ordinance.
ARTICLE XVIT
NOISE
Sec. Noise--Generally.
The creation and continuation of any loud, disturbing and
unnecessary noise is hereby prohibited. It shall be unlawful for any
person to cause, make or contribute to creating any loud or disturbing
noise of such character, intensity or duration as to be detrimental to
the life or health of any individual or such noises as disturb the
quiet and peace of any citizen. The following acts, among others, are
declared to be loud, disturbing, annoying and unnecessary noises in
violation of this section, but such enumeration shall not be deemed to
be exclusive:
(a) Pets. The keeping of any animal or bird which, by causing
frequent or long continued noise, shall disturb the comfort or repose
of any person in the vicinity.
(b) Use _of Vehicle. The use of any automobile, motorcycle or
vehicle so out of repair, so loaded or used or repaired in such manner
as to create loud or unnecessary noises, particularly grating,
grinding, rattling, riverting or other disturbing noises.
Any person convicted of a violation of this section will be guilty
of a Class III misdemeanor.