311
Mr. Craft stated that the process is not described as to how the bio-solids are being
treated.
Ms. Ferguson next stated that Mr. Roark needed to be congratulated on a job well done in getting
funding for the Appomattox Heritage Trail which has been approved in the amount of
$138,000.00.
Chairman Craft called for Supervisors Concerns before the Board entered into a closed session
under Code Section 2.2-3711 (A) (1) to consider salary adjustments for several County
employees.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had talked with Ms. Ferguson about how Campbell County is taking a
look at going green and he would like to see Appomattox County participate in this, by setting an
example to show citizens we are trying to be good stewards with tax money.
Mr. Tanner stated that the County Website needed to be updated.
Mr. Conrad stated that he feels the Board needs to move forward on the water line. Mr. Conrad
stated that we have Walmart considering coming here and we do not want this to fall through
because of water. That would be a disservice to the County. We also have an Industrial Park with
many citizen complaints about it not being used. Mr. Conrad stated that one thing that would
spur usage of the Industrial Park and growth in this County would be to develop infrastructure so
that you would have some flexability in the park and have people wanting to look at coming here.
Mr. Conrad stated that we have been talking about this water line for four years and made some
moves and motions in developing this and we need to go ahead and develop'a committee and
develop a plan for using the water and making it a go. Mr. Conrad stated that the Board has made
their decision and we need to move forward.
Mr. Conrad stated that we need to stop waiting on the Town to decide what they want and move
ahead.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agrees with Mr. Conrad and that Campbell County is making good
progress and if we don’t start now we are going to miss our opportunity.
Mr. Carter stated that right now there are tender moments within the Town Government and he
does not feel like within the next sixty days it would be in the best interest of the County to move
forward. The Board needs to give the new Council and Mayor an opportunity to get established.
Mr. Conrad stated that he feels that by September the County needs to have some decisions made
and ready to move forward.
Mr. Tanner suggested that the Board should have their committee and then when the Town is
ready they can join.
Mr. Craft stated that Mr. Overstreet would like to discuss pending litigation on two applications
that have been filed in Circuit Court for reassessment.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he was going to discuss this item in closed session so not to jeopardize
the County, but he would go ahead and if the Board should decide we need to go into closed
session we can continue it at the next meeting in executive session.
Mr. Overstreet stated that we have two applications that have been filed within the Circuit Court
for review of the assessment in our recent reassessment. Both of these petitions are two different