362
Mr. Carter stated that the information that has been provided by Mr. O’Brien has
provided is very good and he cannot believe why we would hinder a business coming into the
County. Mr. Carter also stated that maybe Mr. Roark could enlighten the Board as to why the
Planning Commission has denied approval of this request.
Mr. Roark stated that his understanding is that there was some confusion on the directional arrow
as it appeared on the sign. Mr. Roark explained that the issue with this is that the Planning
Commission was relating back to a previous sign application where the arrow on this particular
sign lead you to a home occupation within a neighborhood where as this sign is leading you
down Police Tower Road to an industrial zoned site. Mr. Roark explained that he felt the
Planning Commissions issue was they wanted to be fair in their decision since they have denied
the previous request. Mr. Roark stated that this was a request for conditional use permit and
these permits should be reviewed on a case by case basis since in the previous petition this
decision may have been prudent where in this case it is not.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve CUP08006 of Stallworks for reason of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, to locate an off-premise sign at the
intersection of Richmond Highway and Police Tower Road as submitted. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion. Hearing none, Chairman
Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented petitionCUP08007of Whitaker R. Johnston for a conditional use
permit to operate a commercial kennel on property located off of Reedy Spring Road (Route
648) (portion of TM# 95-A-19 & 20) in the Southside District. Chairman Craft stated that the
Planning Commission has recommended approval of this petition. Chairman Craft called for
further discussion from the Board.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve CUP08007of Whitaker Johnston for reason of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice to operate a commercial
kennel on Reedy Spring Road with the following conditions:
1. The applicant shall comply with all rules and regulations
concerning commercial kennel operations in accordance with the
Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, Office
of Veterinary Services.
2. All exterior lighting fixtures shall be arranged, directed, and
shielded downward so as not to reflect any glare outward towards
adjoining streets or properties. At no point shall the glare from
these lights exceed 0.5-foot candle power at the property lines.
3, All outdoor runs, training areas, and pens associated with the
kennel shall be set back a minimum of 100 feet from any property
line where possible.
4, No commercial burial of animals on-site. Applicant may bury his
personal animals.