228
Ms. Sherri Swenson came forward to explain the Application for pee
sProject Titled, Driving Tour of the Route of Lee’s Retreat.
Swenson explained that this application was in cooperation with Ame]
Appomattox, Buckingham, Cumberland, Dinwiddie, Nottoway and Pri
Edward counties. The application is to set up twenty-two (22) ra
sites along a designated path through Southside Virginia that tra
the route of Lee’s retreat from Petersburg to Appomattox. Two
sites are proposed for Appomattox, one at the Depot (Battle
la,
nce
dio
ces
(2)
of
e'sAppomattox Station) and one near New Hope Baptist Church (lé
Rearguard), with the final stop being at the Old Courthouse Natic
Historical Park. The estimated cost for Appomattox County
approximately $15,000.00 which can be paid over a period of 48 months
Mr. Jamerson thanked Ms. Swenson and asked if anyone else had
questions or comments concerning this grant application.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up for comments an application for a gy
through the Transporation Enchancement Program to install "Gate
Signs" at all entrance roads into the county.
Mrs. Carolyn Lawson appeared before the Board and gave a br
description of the type of entrance signs that would be installed.
County would be required to pay 20% of the cost of the project.
project total is $50,000.00
Mr. Jamerson asked for other comments concerning this gr
application. Hearing none he closed the Public Hearing at 7:07 P.
and recessed the Board to July 12, 1993 at 7:08 P.M.
Chairman
The regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors 1
held on July 12, 1993 at 7:08 P.M. in the Board of Supervisors meet
mal
is
any
ant
way
lef
The
The
was
ing
room, adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office, Courthouse Squa
North Church Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Frank W. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Aileen T. Ferguson, Interim County Administrato
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:
P.M. The invocation was given by Mr. Moore.
08