why there were no recycle containers at _ Bent Creek. Mr.
Peterson said the site was too remote and the bin probably
would be contaminated from users living outside the County.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Tom Lawson, County Attorney.
Mr. Lawson reported he had reviewed the bylaws for the
Planning Commission and relative statues as requested and
advised that since the Planning Commission served as an
advisory Board, it was not necessary to have a quorum to give
advice to the Board of Supervisors or to the Board of Zoning
Appeals. Mr. Lawson also reviewed the status of the
Ordinance’s updates and said he would report on Norfolk
Southern’s tax suite at the next meeting.
Mr. Rice presented the recommendations of the Planning
Commission from the meetings of September 8, October 22, and
November 4, 1992. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to accept the recommendation of the Planning
Commission and approve the following Petitions:
92-169 Julie Burge - Conditional Use
92-172 Leroy C. Wooldridge - Rezoning
92-173 Fred and Sissy Gibbs - Conditional Use
92-175 Jeffrey T. Carwile - Rezoning
92-178 Elizabeth C. Phelps - Conditional Zoning
92-180 GTE Virginia - Conditional Use
92-181 Village Square Associates - Rezone
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice presented a Drug Free Workplace policy for the
Personnel Manual as recommended by the Auditors. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the
following policy:
APPOMATTOX COUNTY PERSONNEL POLICY
DRUG FREE WORKPLACE
Drug Free Workplace
The unlawful manufacture, distribution, dispensing,
possession or use of a controlled substance is prohibited in
the workplace. The possession and/or consumption of
alcoholic beverages on County owned property or in
conjunction with any off-site County sponsored activity is
prohibited. Any conviction relating to drugs by any County
employee shall be grounds for immediate dismissal. Any
employee charged by summons, warrant, information or
indictment because of alcohol or substance abuse may be
suspended from duties as provided by the Code of Virginia.
"Workplace" is defined to mean any site for the performance
of work by the employee. That includes any County owned
buildings and all County premises; any County owned vehicle
or any other County-approved vehicle used to conduct County
business; any off-premise property during any County
sponsored or County approved activity, event, or function.
089