422
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held the annual
Secondary Road Budget Hearing on April 26, 1994, after publishing
notice in the Times Virginian newspaper once a week for two (2)
consecutive weeks and posting Notice of Hearing at the front door of
the Appomattox Court House ten (10) days before the hearing, and
WHEREAS, those members of the public attending said hearing were given
the opportunity to participate in and make requests for new roads and
improvements, and
WHEREAS, the proposed Secondary Road Budget Priority List for 1994-1995
was read into the record at said hearing for all in attendance to hear.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the attached Secondary Road Priority
List for Appomattox County for 1994-1995 is hereby approved by this
Board.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board with the Planning Commission
recommendations from the April 26, 1994 meeting and public hearing.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the Planning
Commissions recommendation on petition #94-218 of George Woodson and
Appomattox County and deny request to rezone property located on the
east side of Route 669 between Route 608 and Route 608 and being the
property divided by Eddie Gunter and others. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye;, Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette,
aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the Planning
Commissions recommendation on petition #94-220 of H. Wayne Moore and
approve the request for a Conditional Use Permit to relocate truck
repair shop and storage building on property located on Route 460
between Route 695 and Route 1022. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a letter from the Department of Conservation
and Recreation concerning designating Route 24 as a Virginia By-Way.
After discussion, and by consensus, the Board requested Ms. Ferguson
obtain more information on this subject.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from the Appomattox Volunteer
Fire Department for funds to replace the engine in the brush truck.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
make a supplemental appropriation of $1500.00 to the Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department to replace the engine in the brush truck.