557
and stated, that this will be a fully modern museum and have artifacts growing in numbers which
is important. Mr. Rawls stated that this is the biggest project in the entire nation for the
sesquentinnial. Mr. Rawls stated that they have not closed on the real estate which has to be the
next step. Mr. Rawls next called for questions or comments that from Board.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Rawls for coming and reporting to the Board and answering
questions.
Mr. Rawls asked if there was a chance that the Board would be entering into closed session to
discuss this issue. Chairman Conrad stated that the Board would not be entering into closed
session.
Chairman Conrad next called on Ms. Valarie Daugherty from the Appomattox Courthouse
Theatre to give an update on activities of the theatre.
Ms. Daugherty came forward and thanked the Board for allowing her to come and report to the
Board on the very successful third season which was just completed. Ms. Daugherty stated that
they had three productions this season and had a large number of citizens in attendance and they
also noticed an increase of people participating in auditions and volunteering. Mr. Daugherty
stated that in the just finished third season they had 1100 people attend the three productions, 42
participate in auditions and 57 volunteers. Ms. Daugherty stated that they would be starting their
fourth season in November with productions in February and April. Mr. Daugherty thanked the
Board for allowing them to use the courthouse building and stated that they are able to offer a
venue that cannot be offered anywhere else.
Chairman Conrad thanked Ms. Daugherty and called on Dr. Aldridge Boone and William Perrow
with Appomattox County School Administration to come and speak. Chairman Conrad stated
they would be speaking with the Board to request that they be allowed to establish a special
account to carry forward budget funds from FY2009.
Dr, Boone stated that he would allow William Perrow to come and explain their request. Mr.
Perrow stated that state legislature has provided a one time method to carry forward state and
federal funds that are unspent. Mr. Perrow stated that due to the economy it has become a
constant thing in his office of receiving emails urging administration to plan for running out of
funds from the state. Mr. Perrow stated that at this time School Administration took major steps
to reduce expenditures by not filling positions that had been approved previously, and not filling
vacant positions. Mr. Perrow stated that they did not buy school buses that were in the budget,
they did not buy a pickup truck that was also budgeted, along with other things. Mr. Perrow
stated that they really just stopped spending. Mr. Perrow stated that Dr. Boone stopped
approving travel for any distance that we could get by without and not cause an issue. Mr.
Perrow stated that we have reached a point now where we have not spent enough money to meet
the state requirements so with legislature being aware that this was becoming an issue they
passed a one time method to put this money in a fund to be used in the next year to overcome
some of the cuts. Mr. Perrow also stated that one favorable thing that has occurred, is the drop in
the fuel price which has allowed them to save about $150,000 in the budget. Mr. Perrow stated
that they wanted to bring this to the Boards attention, and stated that they need to use this