283
Mr. Tanner and Mr. Moore declared that notwithstanding the above, they are able to participate
in the transaction fairly, objectively, and in the public interest. This declaration is pursuant to the
Virginia Code Section 2.2-3112.A.2 and 2.2-3115G. A copy of the signed declaration is on file
in the County Administration Office.
Mr. Craft explained that according to the Boards Bylaws and Procedures Mr. William Hix would
not be able to speak tonight since he spoke at the May 7, 2008 meeting on the same subject. Mr.
Craft did let the audience know that Mr. Hix was in favor of adopting the ordinance on Land
Use. ;
Mr. Craft next ask the audience for those who are in favor of Land Use to stand and then asked
for those opposing Land Use to please stand.
Mr. Craft called on the first person who signed up to speak, Ted and Delores Garrett, came
forward. Mr. Garrett stated their address as 1348 Wildway Road and they stated they are very
much in favor of land use.
Chairman Craft called on Ms Barbara Shelton to address the board. Ms. Shelton gave her
address as 177 Pine Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Ms. Shelton thanked the Board for the opportunity to speak. She continued that the would like to
say that Appomattox County has limited financial resources and the most of its citizens living
here has limited financial resources as well. She stated that some citizens are on fixed incomes
and some live from paycheck to paycheck. She stated that to her knowledge a study has not been
conducted and a study would give the details of what financial impact land use tax assessment
program would have on the County’s revenue, the county’s real-estate tax rate, and the County’s
homeowners. She also stated that she feels if would be wise for the County to conduct such a
study instead of blindly enacting a program that no one knows the ramifications of at this time.
Ms. Shelton continued to express that citizens should not have to pay for something that they
will not benefit from, and this would punish citizens who do not own large tracts of land.
Ms. Shelton respectfully requests the Board to oppose this land use ordinance.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. John C. Harris to come forward. Mr. Harris gave his address as
2460 Cedar Tree Road, Evergreen, Virginia, Mr. Harris stated that he is highly in favor of Land
Use.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Kevin D. Harris to come and speak. Mr. Kevin Harris gave his
address as 2534 Cedar Tree Road Evergreen, Virginia. Mr. Harris stated that he is in favor of
Land Use.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Jack W. Burks to come forward. Mr. Burks gave his address as
1495 Horse Shoe Road, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Burks read an article of May 25, 2008 from
the News and Advance and it states that we are losing 45 thousand acres of farm land to new
permanent residential and commercial use each year which equals 225 farms of 200 acres.