635
On Monday, September 21, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
a special called meeting in the Appomattox Community Center located at 220 Community Lane,
Appomattox Virginia.
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman — Falling River District
Mr. William H. Craft -Appomattox River District
Mr. Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson —- County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps- Administrative Assistant
Absent: John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Chairman Conrad called the special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to
order at 6:00 p.m. and stated the purpose of this special called meeting would be to enter into
closed session in accordance to Section 15.2-1418 (personnel matters) of the Code of Virginia as
amended.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to return to closed session at 6:00 p.m. in accordance to Section 15.2-
1418 to discuss personnel matters. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing no
discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into regular session at 6:20 p.m. Mr. Carter seconded Mr.
Tamner’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye,
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the Certification of a Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the