258
property was not given, and by rezoning this property to commercial any number of
permitted uses could locate there with minimal oversight.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board would be voting to rezone to B-1. If and when any
businesses will locate there under conditional use then that would come under a separate
analogy so he is not sure why any of the members would have disagreed with this
request.
Mr. Roark stated that if the three members of the Planning Commission had known the
proposed use of the rezoned parcel they would have voted in favor.
Mr. Conrad stated that he felt that based on the Comprehensive Plan the Board should
vote in favor of this request.
On a motion by Mr. Tanner seconded by Mr. Carter, for reasons of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors moves to approve petition RZ08001-Judith A. Walker to rezone Tax Map
# 61 (A) 56 & Tax Map #61 (A) 65, totaling 10.16 acres from R-1, Residential District
and A-1, Agricultural District, respectively to B-1, Commercial District. Chairman Craft
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next called on Johnnie Roark, County Planner, to come and explain the
changes in planning and zoning; that is a transportation determination that will be in
effect as of July 1, 2008. Beginning July 1, 2008 the petitioner will be mandated to give a
specific use in the application and the locality will have to make a determination based on
the specified use and then look up ina transportation manual as to whether that type of
use will necessitate a traffic impact analysis. This is also something that the County will
have to put in the Comprehensive Plan.
Mr. Conrad asked what the time limit would be on getting this done. Mr. Roark stated
that the traffic study is good for one year. If the petitioner comes back longer than a year
it would have to be taken back to VDOT and have them decide if another study would
need to be done.
Mr. Roark explained that if there was change of use, another study would need to be
done.
Mr. Conrad stated that he understood several months ago, in discussion there was not
enough growth at that time where it would not make that much of a difference.
Mr. Roark explained that any type of development of subdivisions or any kind of
proposal for rezoning or conditional use permit, he would have to be look up the use code
in the transportation manual and it is clearly stated in the law that this has to be in public
records in the minutes of either the Board of Supervisors or the Planning Commission,
whatever the determination it has to be stated in those minutes.