(394
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mr. Peterson to pay a
registration fee in order to take the State Certification Exam. Mr.
Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to pay $65.00 from
1101-5504 for State Examination Fee for Mr. Peterson. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, ay
0
Mr. Moore requested Mr. Peterson provide information on purchasing a
larger baler for recycling for the May 1994 meeting.
Being nothing further for Mr. Peterson, Mr. Torrence thanked and
excused Mr. Peterson and recognized Mr. Dennis Baker, Director of Stat
Parks.
Mr. Baker introduced Mr. Scott Shanklin who is with the Department of
Conservation and Recreation, Division of State Parks; Mrs. Barbara
Gilliam, Capitol Outlay Manager; and Mr. Carlton Abbitt, Consultant.
Mr. Baker began by presenting each Board member with a packet on the
new James River State Park. Mr. Baker than asked Mr. Abbitt to presen
a slide presentation on the new State Park.
Mr. Abbitt reviewed the site with the Board stressing the importance 6
preserving the natural beauty of this area and the area leading into
this site. Mr. Abbitt requested that the Board consider helping retail
the natural beauty of the area leading up to the park.
Mr. Torrence asked if this road was the only access into the park?
Mr. Abbitt explained that this is the most viable access.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence thanked the group and asked ij
any Supervisor had anything they wished to discuss.
Mr. Paulette gave a report on the Lynchburg Neighborhood Development
Foundation, of which, he is the county’s representative. Mr. Paulett
gave an excellent explanation of what this group is responsible for an
explained the program in some detail.
10)
Mr. Torrence next read a letter to the Board from a citizens group
requesting the Board put the Middle School issue on the ballot in
November 1994. After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Torrence introduced the next item for discussion which was a permi
application request from Stonewall Vineyards for their annual MayFest
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the
application for Stonewall Vineyards to hold their annual May Festival
and waive the bond requirement. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Bealey,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence presented a request from Dr. Wheelan, President, Central
Virginia Community College for an appointment to replace Mrs. Ruth Web
on their Board of Directors. After discussion, the Board requested
Mrs. Ferguson contact Mrs. Webb to see if she has any suggestions on