280
Mr. Curtis Elliott, Spout Spring rose to address the Board. Mr,
Elliott stated that he lives on Route 647 and is against rezoning this
property.
Ms. Jennifer Grishaw, Spout Spring addressed the Board next. Mrs.
Grishaw said that she is not in favor of the rezoning. They live inja
nice quiet neighborhood and is not in favor of a mobile home park.
Mr. Jamerson recognized Mr. Roger Grishaw of Spout Spring. Mr. Grisha
told the Board that he was against rezoning this property and asked the
Board to consider what the other people have said.
t
Mrs. Gloria Gunter spoke next representing Mrs. Nellie Scruggs, she 1
Mrs. Scruggs daughter. Mrs. Gunter said her mother owns propert
adjoining the property up for rezoning. Mrs. Gunter’s son will b
returning here to live on this property and she is not in favor of thi
rezoning.
ooXx
Mr. O’Brien asked if he could be heard again.
Mr. Jamerson told him that he could, but to keep his remarks short
because others had also requested to speak again.
Mr. O’Brien wanted to stress that in A-l zoning mobile homes are
already permitted.
Mr. Hubert Fleshman spoke again and said that his mother would turn
over in her grave if she could see the condition her property was in
today. Again, urged the Board not to approve rezoning request.
Mr. McDermott asked to speak again. He stated that Old Concor
Presbyterian Church could be an Historical Landmark if the cinderblo
building were removed. Mr. McDermott feels that this is something thi
should be considered in making this decision.
2 Oy
bad
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone else wished to speak concerning thi
petition. Hearing no further comments, he asked Mr. Caldwell to rea
the next petition to be considered.
an
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 93-207 of Katherine L. Poole for
Conditional Use Permit for printing shop to re-locate in Moore/'s
Machine Company building on Route 460 between Route 703 and Route 647.
The property is zoned M-1.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
petition. Hearing none, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 93-208 of James W. Bondurant for)ja
conditional use permit for sales and service of agriculture product:
Property is zoned A-1 and is located on Route 607 between Route 670 al
Route 698.
Su
Qe