088
After discussing these issues at length, Mr. Jamerson thanked
and excused Mr. Mays and called Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of
Schools. Dr. Thomas requested appropriations of $9,018.50
from the School Textbook Rental Fund and $858,500.00 from
General Revenue Fund to operate the School system for the
month of December, 1992. Dr. Thomas also presented a year to
date tabulation of monies appropriated, current balances for
major categorises, and student attendance records for each
school for September and October, 1992. Mrs. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $9,018.50 from
the School Textbook Rental Fund and $858,500.00 from the
General Revenue fund for operation of the Appomattox County
Public Schools. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Dr. Thomas and called Mrs.
Janet Belter, Appomattox County Treasurer. Mrs. Belter
reviewed the financial status of the County and related her
thoughts on yearly appropriations. Mrs. Belter said the
method of appropriating money was a decision for the Board of
Supervisors and acknowledged yearly appropriation would save
time and paperwork.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs. Belter and called Dr.
Joanne Harris, Director of the Health Department. Dr. Harris
stated she was present to present the Annual Report of the
Appomattox County Health Department. Dr. Harris began by
explaining the functions of the Health Department and
introduced her Supervisory staff - Mrs. Bonnie Carwile,
nursing program; Mr. Micheal Smithers, enviromental health;
Mr. Fred Keesee, administration; Dr. Jesse Hobbs, dental
program. Each manager reviewed their programs and services.
Mr. Keesee reviewed the Budget and Appomattox’s share which
equals 31.91% of the Regional Health Department’s budget.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Dr. Harris and her staff and called Mr.
Tony Bright. Mr. Bright, President of Bright and Associates,
are the vendor for the software used in the Treasurer’s
office and the designer of the computer hardware recently
purchased for the Treasurer’s office. Mr. Bright reviewed
the potential use of the computers and the software his
company provides to several County governments within the
State. Mr. Bright proposed the hardware and software cost to
automate the County Administrator’s office would be
$29,949.00 which includes training. By consensus, the Board
asked Mr. Bright to visit the Commissioner of Revenue and
solicit his views and to check on the _ possibilities of
financing the interfaced system. Mr. Jamerson thanked and
excused Mr. Bright and called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Landfill
Supervisor.
Mr. Peterson reported 1,007 tons of solid waste was received
at the landfill during October and recyclables received
during October amounted to 13 tons. Also, 827 c.y. of brush
and leaves were received during October. Mr. Jamerson asked
if anyone had any questions for Mr. Peterson. Mr. Peterson
said he was going to install supports for tanks tomorrow, the
footings having been previously completed. Mr. Moore asked