361
Mr. Christie that overtime the statistics will change for each community and so
communities will come in or out of the distressed category, so that in having a regional plan they
will not have to build a plan if they come into the distressed category or become eligible to apply
for those grants.
Mr. Christie explained that the regional CEDS plan would enable a locality to apply for planning
grant money for the EDA which would pay half of the cost of staff time which would be about
$80,000 with $40,000.00 of that coming from the Federal EDA office with the rest of the
$40,000 being split between Local Government Council as in-kind services and some cash and
the rest would come from the local jurisdictions. Mr. Christie explained that being in support of
this he would need the Board’s commitment of approximately $6,274.00 in the FY2010 funds.
Mr. Spencer stated that the Federal EDA money is something that Appomattox County has used
in the past. Mr. Spencer stated that Appomattox had such a document in the 90’s which made
Appomattox eligible for money which was used for the first phase of the Industrial park.
Mr. Spencer explained that being able to put $6,274 and complete the CED’s document at a
regional level and still have the same impact here in Appomattox County is quite a bargain.
Chairman Craft called for discussion from the Board.
Mr. Conrad asked Mr. Christie to explain distressed and non-distressed.
Mr. Christie explained that there are standard numbers used nation-wide for this determination,
but he would get a better explanation to the Board.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to earmark $6274.00 in the FY2010 budget for the CEDS document.
Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a Roll Call
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Christie thanked the Board for their support and invited them to the Regional Dinner on
October 23", 2008.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item#2 — Planning Commission
Recommendations and called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that there are already existing signs in the area and he is not sure why the
Planning Commission is not in favor of this.
Mr. Tanner stated that this is located within his district and he would like people to know that we
are business friendly and he is not in favor of denying this request.