409
Mr. Carter questioned as to why it was so long after the kill that it is being presented to the
Board.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had been asked several months ago by the owners, if the Board had
acted on this request and he was not aware of it, so he felt that the animal officers must have
been working on this for this length of time.
Mr. Conrad stated that he feels that the officers were still working on this and that is why it has
taken so long to get this request to the Board.
Chairman Craft hearing no further discussion called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #3- Appointment to the EDA and called for
discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to reappoint Mr. Buddy Conner to the EDA. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that Mr. Conner has been an asset to the EDA.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4 — Meeting schedule for 2009 and called for
discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that he did not see a reason as to why to meet with the Town due to not having
anything on the agenda to meet with them for.
It was decided that the Board would be holding the Organizational Meeting at the scheduled
place which is the County Administration Building and they would discuss this at that meeting.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5 — Planning Commission Appointment for the
Piney Mountain District and called for discussion.
Mr. Conrad stated that in today’s society people get caught up in the political scheme or structure
as well as being involved in community activities. Mr. Conrad stated that he did not have a
problem with Mr. O’Brien being on the planning commission except that he has been on this
commission a long time and he is aware that Mr. McGrath is an aggressive person and wants to
serve the county that it would be incumbent on the Board to take his interest seriously. Mr.
Conrad stated that we need to give people a chance that want to take a part in the process and not
limit it to the same people in the same roles. Mr. Conrad stated that he would certainly consider
Mr. McGrath to serve in this capacity.