370
Mr. Roark explained that in the previous ordinance, which is being used today the
Planning Unit is not listed as a district, so if someone wanted to come in our office to
develop in this manner, he would have the regulations but no district. Mr. Roark
explained that this district would be added under Section 170-12 which enumerates the
districts and then take the current regulations and delete them from where they are now
located in the ordinance and add them back in under the proper place in the zoning
ordinance.
Mr. Roark explained that the next three changes, all concerning the B-1, Commercial
District, are changes that the Planning Commission has been contemplating for some
time. First, the Intent of the district would be amended in order to better correspond with
the goals of the Comprehensive Plan. Next the Permitted Uses list and the Conditional
Uses list would be amended to properly reflect he preferred land uses within the district.
All three changes are intended to simplify the administration of the B-1, Commercial
District regulations, so that locating a new business in the county is not so cumbersome.
The proposed amendments also mirror the changes being considered by the Planning
Commission as it continues to work on a new, updated zoning ordinance.
Mr. Roark explained the next changes would be to amend the definitions (Section 170-3)
listed in the zoning ordinance. Mr. Roark explained that some of the use categories are
new and need defining, while some uses do not have a definition or the definition needs
updating.
Mr. Roark explained the ordinance change on Temporary Signs (Section 170-87 (C) (11).
Mr. Roark explained that this amendment has been needed for several years. Several
court decisions have struck down similarly worded regulations concerning political signs.
Mr. Roark explained that this change was removing political signs from the Temporary
Sign Section and adding a section that would regulate Political Signs (Section 170-87 (C)
(17).
Mr. Roark explained adding a section on Traffic Impact Analysis (Section 170-25) for the
Zoning Ordinance which is due to new regulations passed by the General Assembly to
enhance the coordination of and use for transportation planning. Section 15.2222.1 was
added to the Code of Virginia to expand VDOT’s role in the land planning and
development review process. Mr. Roark explained that it would be the locality’s
responsibility to implement the guidelines. This regulation will impact all rezoning,
conditional use and comprehensive plan review applications. Mr. Roark also explained
that all new subdivision or site development plans will have to be reviewed for
compliance.
Mr. Roark next explained the Traffic Impact Analysis for the Subdivision Ordinance
(Section 5.24) which is a companion amendment to the zoning ordinance amendment
regarding the new regulation passed by the General Assembly to enhance the
coordination of and use in transportation planning.