142
9. Any group or organization additionally wanting to use the kitchen
facilities as part of their building utilization will be required to
submit a $25.00 security deposit at the time of proper application, and
depending upon availability. The security deposit is refundable upon
satisfactory inspection of facilities by the Center Director, or
designee, upon completion of use.
10. The $10.00 per hour fee charged for after-hour use (profit or
nonprofit), shall be used to defray the expense of providing a
Community Center staff person.
11. At all times after regular hours when the building is to be
utilized and a "responsible person" for specified groups as defined
above is not present, the Community Center will provide a staff person
to be available to open the building, ensure integrity of the building
during its use, and secure the building upon completion of utilization.
A small cadre of staff persons should be established for "on-call" use
and paid a reasonable hourly wage. The Community Center Director, or
designee, could develop this cadre of personnel.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence
to adopt the policy recommended by the Community Center Board. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board of the Virginia Department of
Transportation’s 1993 Spring Preallocation Hearing for Interstate,
Primary, and Urban Systems and for Mass Transit to be held at the
Lynchburg District Office April 5, 1993 at 10:00 A.M. and asked that
any Board member interested in attending notify Mr. Rice for
arrangements.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Rice to review the recent complaints from
attorneys regarding Subdivision and Plat review and approval. A
general and rather lengthy discussion followed including comments from
the County Attorney. At the conclusion of the discussion, Mr. Jamerson
suggested a letter to local attorneys asking them to schedule some time
for plat review and pointing out the requirements of the subdivision
ordinance might clear up some of the misunderstandings.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Torrence to review the status of Mr. Horace
Coleman’s appointment to the Advisory Council of the Central Virginia
Area Agency on Aging and the subsequent cletermination by the Central
Virginia Area Agency on Aging’s Board that Mr. Coleman was ineligible.
Mr. Torrence reviewed the situation and suggested someone else he
appointed. Mr. Moore commented and concurred. Mr. Torrence asked he
have an opportunity to talk to Mr. Coleman before another was
appointed. The Board by consensus agreecl to the suggested action.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the recent day of snow
(February 25, 1993) when several employees were unable to get to work
because of the heavy snow. After discussing the situation, the Board