406
On Monday, December 15, 2008 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held
its regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center, located on 220 Community
Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Absent: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Chairman Craft called the regular scheduled meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and called on Mr.
Conrad to deliver the invocation. Everyone joined in the Pledge of Allegiance to the American
Flag.
Chairman Craft called for the setting of the agenda. Chairman Craft stated that Mr. Spencer and
Ms. Janet Belter had asked to speak with the Board tonight, under appearances, to ask the Board
to consider purchasing a new AS400 computer system. Chairman Craft also added
Administrative Item #8A — Refund Request and Administrative Item #8-B Emergency Action
Plan.
Chairman Craft next called for public comment. Chairman Craft called on Mr. Earl Dickerson to
speak with the Board during this time.
Mr. Dickerson came forward and stated his address as 298 Fairview Place, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Dickerson thanked the Board for the opportunity to appear before them and stated
that he was appearing before the Board because he had received a telephone call this morning
from Art Powers who is with Rural Development USDA and was told that if there were any
infrastructure projects within the county that was pending that are seeking funding like the water
line that his agency is going to be flush with cash after the first of the year with a one hundred
day window to allocate where that cash was going. Mr. Dickerson stated that he did not ask how
much money or what the interest rate would be, but he was almost positive that it will be below
two percent in terms of the money that USDA has available through rural development. Mr.
Dickerson stated that when they start calling the engineers and telling them that they are going to
have funds available you are going to have a lot of people lining up to get those funds. Mr.
Dickerson stated that all that he could think about was the water line. Mr. Dickerson also stated
that he received an email from the American Water Works Association who most engineers, who
are involved with any water projects, are involved with this association. This email was
discussing the massive stimulus program being ready in the amount of ten billion dollars and it
stated that you need to contact your Congressional Leaders as soon as possible to let them know