312
land owners and neither went through the Board of Equalization so they did not have a
review by the Board of Equalization and have gone directly to the Circuit Court.
Mr. Overstreet stated that these applications were filed before the Board set its tax rate levy for
the year.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he had filed a motion to dismiss both of these because when reading the
statue they are required to go through the Equalization Board and then appeal the order of the
Equalization Board. Mr. Overstreet stated that there is also another statue that allows a tax payer
to file a complaint to the Circuit Court on the taxation. When the applications were filed there
was no tax rate to complain about. Mr. Overstreet stated that even if the Court grants his motion
to dismiss the applicants they can amend their application and use a different code section which
would still give them their day in court.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he also wanted to let the Board know that Mr. Harold Wingate has
looked at these properties and he has come back with a recommendation to him regarding both
properties which will be sent to the property owners to see if we can have any accommodations
and if not we will have to go before the Judge and have a hearing.
Mr. Overstreet stated that what he needed to know was what role the Board wants to have in this?
This application is actually against the County, so his question is does the Board want to have
Ms. Ferguson and Mr. Overstreet and Ms. Henderson if she wishes to participate, regarding the
assessment, go ahead and deal with the property owners.
It was the consensus of the Board to allow Mr. Overstreet and Mrs. Ferguson to handle this issue
for the Board.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would move ahead with this and report back to the Board.
Mr. Craft next reminded the Board of upcoming meetings.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board ofthe July 21, 2008 public hearing scheduled for 6:00 p.m. on
the amended County code sections.
Chairman Craft called for a recess at 7:40 p.m.
The meeting reconvened at 7:47 p.m.
Chairman Craft explained that the next item would be a closed session under Section 2.2-3711(A)
(1) Personnel to discuss salary adjustments for several employees. Mr. Carter made a motion to
enter into closed session at 7:47 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to go out of executive session at 8:50 p.m. Mr. Moore seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Vote Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft read the Certification Motion for a Closed Meeting.
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provision of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and