354
statements made by several other speakers and said that he feels they
are trying to discriminate against mobile homes.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Thomas to limit his remarks to the concerns of
the group instead of individuals.
Mr. Thomas remarked that someone complained that property values would
be adversely affected. He said that he spoke with an appraiser and
that this is not true.
Mr. Thomas continued that the only landowner that bordered his property
was Mr. Childress. He informed the Board that the rest of the property
was owned by him or either divided by a highway. Mr. Thomas concluded
that there is a need for more mobile home parks and he does not feel
that the neighbors have been adversely affected by his park.
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Thomas and asked Al Sears, Chairman of the
Planning Commission if he had questions for anyone.
Mrs. Beverly Ranson rose and asked if she could make a comment.
Mr. Torrence recognized Mrs. Ranson.
Mrs. Ranson gave her address as Pamplin, Virginia. Mrs. Ranson said
that she and her family moved from Lynchburg to be in a rural area and
that this mobile home park is located within a quarter mile of their
home. Mrs. Ranson continued that they owned several dogs and that she
received complaints from mobile home residents about her dogs. Mrs.
Ranson says that her husband works out of town and her dogs are an
asset to her. Being able to have her dogs was one of the advantages of
living in the country. Mrs. Ranson would like to see the area left as
it is now.
Mr. Torrence thanked each one for their comments and asked Mr. Caldwell]
to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 94-214 of Wilmer E. Browning requesting
rezoning of a parcel of property to B-1 and a conditional use permit tq
allow existing building to be used for satellite sales and services.
Property is zoned R-1 and is located on Route 460 between Route 646 and
Route 674.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Browning if he would like to make any comments
on his behalf.
Mr. Browning gave the location of the property and stated that up until
now it has been used as a rental property. Mr. Browning continued that
this would be a low traffic business with a commercial driveway and
seven (7) proposed parking spaces. The building would be used for an
office and a service area. Mr. Browning said if anyone had any
questions he would be happy to try to answer them.
Mr. Torrence asked for anyone who wished to speak in favor or
opposition to come forward. Hearing no response and being no further