177
Gentlemen:
Due to previous commitment, I will not be able to attend this meeting.
I, along with others with whom I have spoken to, certainly hope that
you gentlemen will pass the permit allowing J. E. Jamerson & Sons, Inc.
to construct the twenty-one new apartments that are so badly needed in
this County.
Since the Town Council has put a hardship (both physical and financial)
on retired people concerning the Burning of Leaves, I, and others,
would certainly like to see some new apartments built with trouble free
grounds.
Sincerely,
Audrey B. Ferguson
511 Virginia Avenue
Appomattox, Virginia 24522
Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone else favoring the petition.
Hearing no response, Mr. Torrence asked to hear from anyone opposed to
the petition.
Ms. Deborah Chenault from Evergreen Avenue asked to speak and
identified herself. She felt the additional traffic generated would
become a problem especially considering the close proximity of the High
School and Nursing Home. Ms. Chenault also was concerned about the
additional noise pollution for the existing neighborhood; did not see
the need for an apartment complex that might lead to more guns, knives,
and drugs in the neighborhood; and asked Mr. Jamerson to reconsider.
Ms. Karen Johnson of Evergreen Avenue spoke next in opposition. Mrs.
Johnson agreed with the previous negative comments and also pointed out
the additional apartments would detract from the High School.
Mr. John Cole spoke next in opposition. Mr. Cole pointed out Mr.
DeWitt, the former owner, intended this property to be part of the High
School and wished it hadn’ t been separated. Mr. Cole also said he
opposed so many apartments built in such a small area with roads on
three sides and asked Mr. Jamerson to donate the property to the High
School.
Mr. Torrence next asked it anyone else wished to comment concerning
this petition. Hearing no response, Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to
read the next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 93-189 of Appomattox County to rezone 157.66
acres owned by Mabel C. Moore currently being mined for limestone with
accompanying crushing and gradation operation. The property is
presently zoned an Environmental Hazard District (EH) and the County is
seeking to rezone the property to Agriculture (A-1).