383
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore, to proceed with the
Bond issuance requested by the Appomattox County School Board.
Mr. Torrence called for discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had been against this from the beginning and
was making a substitute motion that this issued be tabled until the
questions on the public hearing could be cleared up. Mr. Carwile felt!
that he was not properly informed of the public hearing so he was
confident that the citizens were not informed.
Mr. Torrence stated that the public notice was advertised in the
Lynchburg News exactly fourteen (14) days prior to the public hearing,
therefore, the legal requirements had been met.
Mr. Carwile stated from his understanding the date or time was omitted)
from the public notice.
Mr. Torrence asked if there as a second to Mr. Carwile’s substitute
motion.
Hearing none, the substitute motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Torrence called for a vote on Mr. Paulette’s original motion.
Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence than asked Mrs. Ferguson to present the additional items
for consideration.
The first item discussed was an additional appropriation to the litter
grant for litter control. This request was made due to additional
funding from the State. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to make a supplemental appropriation of $1,851.00 to 4206
Litter Grant. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.