306
County and with the different neighboring counties it was decided to model the
Appomattox County ordinance by the Campbell County ordinance.
Mr. Roark called for further questions from the Board.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is confused with some of the deletions in the proposed zoning
ordinance. Mr. Roark stated that our ordinance now is cumbersome because it is very use specific
so, some uses are being deleted from the list because you are able to find it somewhere else in
the ordinance under another category. Mr. Roark stated that we are trying to make it a little easier
for someone to come into the County and have a business and this new ordinance will also make
the process a little easier to administer.
Chairman Craft called for other questions that the Board may have for Mr. Roark.
Mr. Conrad questioned the proposed amendment on temporary signs such as political signs. Mr.
Roark stated that this is something that the County has been dealing with since 2004. Mr. Roark
stated that there are several Court cases and opinions from the Attorney General basically saying
that the way zoning ordinances all over the country are treating them is as a temporary sign, and
limiting the time they were allowed to be displayed was unconstitutional.
Mr. Roark and Mr. Overstreet stated that political signs are a freedom of speech and with the old
ordinance we are limiting the time. Mr. Overstreet stated that he is not aware of any Court that
has approved a certain time limit.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he has spoken with Mr. Roark about not regulating the signs at all
unless we start seeing it as a problem.
Mr. Roark stated that basically we are eliminating the time limit for political signs.
Mr. Roark stated that usually the signs are taken down fairly quickly.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board would like to have a suggestion from Mr. Roark-on when he
would like the Board to hold the public hearing on the proposed changes.
Mr. Conrad asked Mr. Roark to explain the ordinance on the traffic impact analysis.
Mr. Roark explained that this language must be in the local ordinance because it is state law. Mr.
Roark stated that not everyone is going to have to do a traffic study, there is a list of thresholds
that VDOT has come up with. Mr. Roark stated that he had spoken with someone from Roanoke
County and they have been doing the traffic analysis for over a year and they have had five new
developments that have actually had to do a study. Mr. Roark explained that every new
development will have to give him traffic data and he has a manual provided by VDOT to go by
and it will tell him if the developer will need to go through the traffic analysis.
Mr. Roark explained that he will be making the initial determination if a traffic study is
necessary it will then go to VDOT and a final consensus will be done and decision will be made.