meeting with the Board and the Commissioner acknowledged he
was familiar with Bright’s software and customer hbase.
Further, the Commissioner felt Bright’s software would "do
the job for him" if the Board decided to purchase the
software. Mr. Bright then explained he had also conversed
with Municipal Leasing Corporation from Kansas about leasing
the equipment and software. Several Counties use this
company. Their current rate is 8.5% for a five (5) year
lease based on the total cost of $50,483.00 for hardware,
software, and training or $1,035.00 per month for 60 months.
The $50,483.00 includes three (3) terminals and two printers
for the Commissioner’s office and three (3) terminals and two
(2) printers for the Administrator’s office. This system
will then be interactive between the Administrator, the
Commissioner of Revenue and the ‘Treasurer - the Treasurer
being already "on-line" and using about 55% of the computer’s
capacity. Mr. Jamerson pointed out the County has not
budgeted for the new computer in FY92. Mr. Bright suggested
January would be an ideal time to start for both the
Commissioner and the Administrator. The computers would be
of great benefit during the budget process and later would be
a very busy time for the Commissioner because of income
taxes. Mr. Bright further suggested he would be willing to
pick up the payments until June if deferred payment financing
could not be arranged. The discussion continued regarding
availability of equipment, conversion of files, work
schedules, capabilities, etc.
Mr. Carwile and Mr. Torrence spoke advocating action now
rather than later and Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by
Mr. Carwile to purchase the equipment, software and training
for the Administrator’s and Commissioner of Revenue’s offices
totaling $50,483.00 using a leasing plan most favorable with
deferred payments of $1,035.00 per month starting July 1,
1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
At the request of the Chairman, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code of
Virginia enter into an executive session at 8:50 P.M. to
discuss legal and personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session
at 9:17 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the
following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has
convened an executive meeting on this date pursuant
to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act; and
103