44]
Mr. Craft made a motion to adjourn the regular scheduled meeting at 7:05 p.m. Mr.
Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Conrad
called for a vote: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr, Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjo&yned at 7:05 p.m.
Nott
Thomas H. Conrad, Chairman
On Tuesday, February 17, 2009 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held a public hearing at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220
Park Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: Board of Supervisors
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T, Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet - County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Johnnie Roark - Planner
Chairman Conrad called the public hearing to order at 6:00 p.m. and explained that the
purpose of this public hearing would be to receive public comment on the proposed
Drought Response and Water Conservation Measure Ordinance.
Chairman Conrad asked Mr. Roark to appear before the Board to give an explanation of
the proposed ordinance.
Mr. Roark stated that this is the next step of the regional water supply plan and the draft
will be submitted in the spring. Mr. Roark stated that the final plan is scheduled to be
submitted in the fall of this year. Mr. Roark explained that every community will have to
adopt a drought ordinance and this is ours. Mr. Roark continued that this will give the
County Administrator the ability to limit water usage during times of water emergencies.
Mr. Roark stated that there are different levels of criteria that are set out in a separate
document which Ms. Ferguson has a copy of if anyone would like to review. The two
gages are located at Bent Creek and the well at the State Forest and those will be the two
main gages as to when we will go into these drought stages.