646
Chairman Conrad called the Public Hearing to order at 6:00 p.m. and then asked Ms.
Rockefeller to explain the amendments being proposed to the Solid Waste Ordinance.
Ms. Rockefeller explained that she would go over the basic changes that are being made
to the ordinance.
Ms. Rockefeller started by explaining the proposed changes are on tires. She explained
that at this time we do not take tires from citizens, all tires go to Emanuel Tire and the
citizen is charged. The new amendment to the ordinance would allow you to dispose of
your tires at the Waste Management Facility only, not at Convenience Sites, we will
accept passenger or light pick-up tires and you would be able to dispose of up to eight
tires a year at no charge and you must be a resident of Appomattox County.
Ms. Rockefeller next explained the amendments to the ordinance allowing small
businesses the ability to use the convenience centers. The amendment would allow small
businesses to bring one standard size pick up truck or smaller per week and unlimited
visits on recycle material and would be required to separate their solid waste from recycle
material. They will be required to use the convenience center that is located closest to
their business. The business would have to provide official documentation of the name
and address of their business and would be required to sign in at each visit.
Chairman Conrad called for questions from the Board, hearing no questions from the
Board; Chairman Conrad called for comments from the public; hearing none, Chairman
Conrad closed the public hearing at 6:05 p.m.
“Thomas Chat Chairman
On Monday, October 5, 2009 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held their regular scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Administration Building,
located at 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox Virginia.
PRESENT: William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Johnnie Roark — Planner