609
waterline project. Chairman Conrad stated that the Town is requesting a meeting with the Board
prior to September 15, 2009. Chairman Conrad stated that the Board had previously agreed to
meet with the Town on August 25, 2009 for general purposes; staff is recommending discussing
the Route 460 waterline project as well as the request of the Town for a meeting. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board is not prepared to discuss waterline on August 25" the
Town Council does not want to meet as they have no other agenda items to discuss. Ms.
Ferguson stated that the Board may need to schedule another date prior to September 15, 2009.
Mr. Craft stated that this has been going on a long time and when we started out at 50/50 and it
was ano deal; 75/25 and still a no deal; 80/20 and no deal; we build it and you can manage as we
own it, no deal; and now we have come up with another negotiation and they still do not seem
interested in signing up and being a part of this project.
Mr. Carter stated that this has been disappointing over the last three years and the future of
Appomattox County rest with this and he would like to still sit down with the Town and talk this
over.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agreed with both Mr. Craft and Mr. Carter, and he is willing to sit with
the Town one more time to see if they are willing to cooperate with us and he does not feel we
need to change our stance, we may just need to meet and clarify some items.
Mr. Conrad stated that early in the year we decided we were going to go forward with this
project and we started moving forward and once again we tried to work with the Town and never
seem to please them and in doing this we have slowed down the process and there are a lot of
people out here wanting to know what is wrong with us, we have made a decision and we need to
make this arealty. Chairman Conrad stated that in their letter they are willing to work with us if
we agree to a small boundary adjustment and in doing this we will be giving up some of our
customer base and putting a situation out here where people will become Town residents and
there are people out here who do not want this. Chairman Conrad stated that we can hardly
indicate to the town that we want this concession as we will be cutting our nose off to spite our
face. A statement has been made in their meeting that because they are in the water business, but
members of the Board, when we made the decision to move forward with this project, we were
also in the water business with or without the Town. Chairman Conrad also said the statement
was made that the Town does not need the water from this source, so what the Town is doing is
playing or baiting us. Chairman Conrad stated that he does not have any problem with trying to
extend the olive branch and do everything we can to have a cohesive effort to develop a water
line. Chairman Conrad stated that we are the talk of the region and he has no hesitation in saying
that he has overheard other people saying that we act as if we are afraid to move with what they
want to do because they are letting the Town run the show and he stated that he is fed up and
every time we move in the direction to do something positive and then turn around and say
maybe we will meet with them Town one more time. Chairman Conrad stated that if we have
that one more meeting and they do not decide to go with the water line we move forward and
when the time comes they want to hook up they pay the price as everyone else would. Chairman
Conrad stated that there is nothing friendly about the boundary adjustment and it does nothing