109
Landfill - Financial Assurance
December 14, 1992
WHEREAS, on October 9, 1991, the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency promulgated new regulations pursuant
to Subtitle D of the federal Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act which establish stringent standards for the
location, design and operation of solid waste landfills;
and
WHEREAS, most of the federal Subtitle D regulations, which
were developed over a period of seven years, become
effective on October 9, 1993; and
WHEREAS, these regulations will remove the exemption which
now applies to local governments in being required to
demonstrate financial assurance; and
WHEREAS, financial assurance requirements will require local
governments to demonstrate the ability to meet the
financial costs of closure, 30 year post-closure
monitoring, and corrective action; and
WHEREAS, financial assurance requirements are expected to
impose upon local governments extreme, and unnecessary
financial burdens; and
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors urges Congress to direct the United
States Environmental Protection Agency to restore the
exemption to local governments in demonstrating
financial assurance.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion to contribute $200.00 to the
Appomattox Rescue Squad and $200.00 to the Pamplin Fire
Department to match the recent contribution to the Appomattox
Fire Department. The motion died for lack of a second. The
Board by consensus agreed to consider this in FY94’s budget.
Mr. Jamerson next asked for corrections or comments on the
minutes of previous meetings. Mr. Carwile noted Mr. Lawson
was not present at the November 4th, 1992 meeting and that
the correct cost of the wood chipper was $14,495.00.
Further, Mr. Carwile pointed out Mr. Torrence’s motion at the
November 4th, 1992 meeting included not to further consider
contracting with Chambers Development to truck the County’s
waste to Chamber’s landfill in Amelia. Also Mr. Carwile
asked that the minutes reflect Mr. Torrence’s decision not to
recind his motion made at the November 4, 1992 meeting and
include the figures Mr. Jamerson presented at the meeting of
November 4, 1992 regarding cost comparisons of different
solid waste disposal options.