23)
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve up/||to
$250.00 for Janet Belter to attend the Local Government Officials
Conference in Charlottesville in August 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrente,
aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator, to give a report on activities at the landfill.
Mr. Peterson presented the Board with a handout on gate activity for
the month of June 1993.
Mr. Peterson informed the Board that Hurt & Proffitt has taken
aerial photograph of the landfill which they are sending the Coun’
This photograph shows the improvements at the landfill and in
Peterson’s opinion is quite impressive.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Peterson for a report on the status of
ground water monitoring program.
Mr. Peterson noted that the program is in place and we are waiting
Central Virginia Laboratories at the present to get back to us with
sample test results. We are on hold until we hear from them.
Mr. Jamerson brought up the matter of the drainage problem that
discussed at the June meeting in Cell "I". Mr. Jamerson stated that
was informed on June 30, 1993 that in order to proceed w
ty.
the
ion
the
as
he
ith
construction on Cell "I" the Board would need to approve a change or
to the original contract with D. S. Nash. This order would incl
installation of a drainage system under a portion of the new cell
take care of a ground water problem at a cost of $44,320. Due to
need to proceed with work on Cell "I", Mr. Jamerson called each Bos
member and asked for their approval to accept the change order for
drainage system. Following are comments from each member as recor
by Mr. Jamerson:
Mr. Moore - Proceed with Hurt & Proffitt’s recommendation.
Mr. Carwile - "My support is given to the engineers recommendati
with my concern of the leachate possibly filtering thru the 12" barr
and getting into drainage that is being installed. Alert engineers
my concern, because if this happens, we have defeated the purpose."
Mrs. Beasley - Proceed on Hurt & Profitts recommendation.
Mr. Torrence - Has already reviewed the problem with Mr. Peters
Agrees to proceed.
Mr. Jamerson asked the Board for a motion, for the record, to ver
the above approval. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by M
Beasley to approve the change order for underdrain system in a port.
of Cell "I" at a cost of $44,320.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; M
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye
ude
to
the
the
Hed
fy
on