365,
Mr. Carwile explained that he had visited the landfill and discussed
this with Mr. Peterson. Mr. Carwile explained the need for this ramp
to the other Board members and that he felt this was a necessity. Mr.
Carwile also expressed that he felt this project should be put out for
bid with other contractors in the County given an opportunity to bid on
this job. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette that
funds be approved from the Landfill Bond Fund for the construction of a
"wet weather ramp" and that other contractors in the County be given an
opportunity to bid on this project. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson and Mr. Torrence brought -the Board information concerning
a meeting they attended regarding regional jails. After discussion the
Board by consensus agreed to continue to study this concept.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board members with copies of the Annual
Audit Report for FY93. Also, Mrs. Ferguson gave the Board a letter
from Dr. Thomas addressing the concerns that the auditor had with
certain School Board practices. Discussion followed concerning the
audit report. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by
Mr. Paulette that Mr. Montoro and Dr. Thomas attend the March 1994
meeting to discuss the audit comments. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence gave the Board information concerning a proposed addition
to Southside Community Hospital that would enhance the services that
the hospital presently provides. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded
by Mr. Moore that Mrs. Ferguson write a letter of support for Southside
Community Hospital’s proposed addition. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ms. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to enter into
executive session to discuss legal matters at 10:55 P.M. Vote: Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette, seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:58 P.M. Vote:
Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Ms. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law: