“004
Having been duly advertised in accord with the Virginia Codes
Title 15.1 Chapter 11 paragraph 431, the Public Hearing was
held in the Appomattox County Court House at_ the County
Complex, Appomattox, Virginia, July 7, 1992.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Present (Planning Commission):
Al Sears, Chairman, Town of Appomattox
Henry Pack, Town of Appomattox
David Bailey, Town of Pamplin
Robert Hubbard, Town of Appomattox
Calvil Tanner, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, :Piney Mountain District
Present (Board of Zoning Appeals):
William Turner
Jesse Hancock
Matt Lair
Absent:
Philip Mobley, Town of Pamplin
Shirley Walton (resigned) - Falling River District
Walter Lee (resigned) - Courthouse District
Claude Allen Moore - Wreck Island District
Larry Smith
Sharon Bonaventura
Bruce Drinkard
Others Present:
Gordon Rice, County Administrator
Bill Caldwell, Clerk of Planning Commission
Other interested citizens
The Public Hearing was called to order by Mr. Jamerson,
Chairman Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, presiding at
7:30 P.M. Mr. Jamerson stated the purpose of the hearing and
explained the procedure.
Mr. Jamerson then asked Mr. Caldwell to read the first
petition to be considered. Mr. Caldwell read petition 92-163
of Mr. Sammy Kress, Jr. asking for a Conditional Use Permit
to permit a home occupation tanning booth in an accessory
building to his main dwelling. Mr. Kress’s property is zoned
A-I and is located on Route 647 between Route 691 and Route
728 in Falling River Election District.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from the petitioner. There being
no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those in favor
of the petition. Mr. Carwile asked to speak and was
recognized. Mr. Carwile related he had received a telephone
call from Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Megginson, adjacent property
owners. Mr. and Mrs. Megginson told Mr. Carwile they did not