379
Mr. Carwile next mentioned Dr. Wheelan’s comments concerning mandates
from the State on funding for the Community College. Mr. Carwile
understands that the new Governor will VETO any mandates newly proposed |
and has requested that local government respond to any mandates
presently in place with letters to him.
Mr. Carwile requested that Mrs. Ferguson request copies of the school
pay scale and structured guidelines. Mr. Carwile asked that this be
complete including Department Heads. Mr. Carwile requested that this
include names, salaries, supplements, accumulated leave, and years of
service.
Mr. Torrence next requested that Mr. Bill Caldwell appear before the
Board to discuss Planning Commission recommendations.
Mr. Caldwell explained that, due to the ice storm, the Planning
Commission did not meet for it’s last scheduled meeting, so there were
no new petitions for consideration.
Mr. Caldwell continued by saying that the Board had requested
additional information concerning petition number 94-213 of John and
Sue Ranson - Murrell and Alice Thomas. Mr. Caldwell explained that the
Planning Commission recommended disapproval due to an inadequate site
plan.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone had any comments to make prior to a
decision being made on this petition.
Mr. Carwile stated that with the information presented he felt that the
Board could now make a factual decision in this matter.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the
Planning Conmission’s recommendation and disapprove petition #94-213 of
John and Sue Ranson-Murrell and Alice Thomas. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; _
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mr. Torrence next asked Mrs. Ferguson to explain the request for a
permit to operate a turkey shoot by Cross Country Hunt Club.
Mrs. Ferguson reviewed the application and informed the Board that
Sheriff Richardson has no problems with this permit being approved.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Cross
Country Hunt Club’s application to hold turkey shoots as a fund raising
project. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence brought up the next item of business, which was the Vera
Container Site and a proposed new site at Spout Spring.
After a lengthy discussion it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson would have
preliminary plans for the Vera site by the April meeting and a
preliminary landowner agreement for the Spout Spring site.