090
A drug-free awareness program shall be made available to
inform employees about:
a. The dangers of drug abuse in the workplace.
joe The County’s policy of maintaining a drug-free
workplace.
fom Any available drug counseling, rehabilitation, and
employee assistance programs; and
d. The penalties that shall be imposed upon employees
for drug abuse violations occurring in the
workplace.
Legal References:
Code of VA., Section 22.1-307. Dismissal
Code of Va., Section 22.1-315. Suspension
After discussion the vote for adoption was: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Nelson County has asked Appomattox County to cooperate with
Emergency Services. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by
Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Hazardous materials travel through our adjacent
counties by road and railway, presenting a
Significant threat to life and property in the
event of an accident or spill; and
WHEREAS, It is in the mutual interest of our counties to
provide advance training and planning to
effectively deal with such emergencies:
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That Appomattox County
and Nelson County do hereby agree to assist and
coordinate with each other in the event of a
hazardous materials accident occurring in or
adjacent to our county boundaries, and that such
coordination will be directed between Coordinators
of Emergency Services as designated by each
County’s Hazardous Materials Emergency Plan; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Coordinator of
Emergency Services in each county shall provide the
other county with a copy of its Hazardous Materials
Emergency Plan and that the Coordinators shall
develop procedures for assistance and cooperation
of personnel, expertise and equipment in the event
of hazardous materials incidents which may impact
both jurisdictions.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint
Mrs. Peggy Lawson to the Appomattox County Youth Services
Commission and to accept the resignation of H. D. "Gus"
Tarbell. After discussion, the vote was: Mr. Jamerson, aye;