116
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has
convened an executive meeting on this date pursuant to
an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act;
and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended requires a certification by the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best
of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business
matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements
by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting
to which this certification motion applies, and (ii)
only such public business matters as were identified in
the motion convening the executive meeting were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize
changing a part-time position at the landfill to a full time
position. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson continued by reminding the Board because of the
recent wet weather, erosion wasS occurring in several places
on the slopes of the temporarily covered and closed portion
of trench E and F and that the Department of Waste Management
has twice noted these areas during their inspections. Mr.
Jamerson reviewed a conversation he had had with a
representative of Hurt and Proffitt Engineers, Mr. Earl
Dickerson. Mr. Dickerson had said construction plans,
specifications and contract documents could be ready by mid
February and that many were proceeding with the construction
of new landfill cells before receipt of design approval from
the Department of Waste Management in order to meet
compliance deadlines. After further discussion, Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to advertise for and
accept bids to close cells E, F, and G and open a new cell
(H) aS soon as plans are ready. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
In addition to those funds’ previously appropriated for the
Schools, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $17,835.13 from the Landfill Bond, $1,538.92 from
the Library Fund, $45,000.00 plus $4,000.00 for County paid
employee beneifts for Social Services and $232,332.95 for
other operations. The Landfill Bond money is to be used to
pay Mr. Frank Moore for his work to extend the leachate
collection line ($356.00), Commercial Steel Erection, Inc.