139
per day seven days per week and that the process would require
additional expenses such as signage. She asked that the County fund a
volunteer coordinator for the Chamber or establish and fund a County
position to handle these duties. The total funding sought is
$30,000.00 for FY94. A discussion of the benefits of promoting tourism
in Appomattox followed. At the conclusion, Mr. Jamerson thanked and
excused Mrs. Nix and assumed her the Board would carefully consider
this request as they develop the County’s FY94 budget.
Mr. Jamerson then asked the Board to consider the recommendations of
the Planning Commission. The Planning Commission recommends approval
Petition 93-187 from from John I. and D. R. Kent for a Conditional Use
permit to operate a shooting preserve on their property on Route 654
and recommends approval of Petition 93-188 from the Appomattox Rescue
Squad for a Conditional Use permit to coristruct a garage and
headquarters facility at the intersection of Routes 460 and 635. After
discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve
Petition 93-187 of John I and D. R. Kent for a Conditional Use Permit.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, abstained; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson explained he abstained from voting because he was not
present at the Public Hearing.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Petition
93-188 of the Appomattox Rescue Squad for a Conditional Use Permit.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, abstained; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson explained he abstained from voting because he was not
present at the Public Hearing.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider entering Executive
Session to consider property for a transfer station and receive legal
advice concerning pending litigation.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley, that the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code
of Virginia enter into an executive session to discuss legal matters
and possible acquistion of real estate. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and