558
provision for next year. Mr. Perrow explained that the State has recommended that this be kept
as a separate bank account and that it will be seen as expenditures towards local effort. Mr.
Perrow stated again that they wanted to make the Board aware of this. Chairman Conrad called
for comments or questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that the measures taken by Dr. Boone and Mr. Perrow during this time of not
knowing what was going to happen, was handled with expertise and Dr. Boone and Mr. Perrow
did a marvelous job.
Dr. Boone stated that he appreciated the partnership between the Board of Supervisors and the
School Administration during this time, and since he has been here in Appomattox, and he would
like to say thank you.
Chairman Conrad recessed the meeting at 7:05 to begin a public hearing on Planning
Commission recommendations.
Chairman Conrad reconvened the regular scheduled meeting from the public hearing at 8:00 p.m.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Central Virginia Community Services
FY2010 Performance Contract and explained that attached is the performance contract with the
Department of Health and Developmental Services. The State requires each participating locality
to approve this document annually. Mr. Conrad stated that staff is recommending approving this
document. Chairman Conrad called for comments from the Board.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the Central Virginia Community Services FY2010
Performance Contract. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#2 —-Town of Appomattox and stated that the
Board has received a letter from the Town of Appomattox dated June 1, 2009 concerning the
water line project and called for discussion from the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that this issue needs to be tabled until the next scheduled meeting so that more
data can be received by individual Board members.
Chairman Conrad suggested that a letter should be drafted by Ms. Ferguson stating that the
Board will! not be taking action until a later date and are able to collect more information.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until the next scheduled meeting and for Ms.
Ferguson to draft a letter and send to Town Council stating the Board of Supervisors would not
be taking any action at this time.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 — Utilities and called Mr. Roark to come
forward and update the Board on the water line project.