24k
Mr. Torrence also asked the status on the Route 656 improvements. Ms.
Lindsey stated that there is a problem with two property owners signing
right-of-way agreements.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mrs. Lindsey and addressed Mr. Steve Lawson in the
audience. Mr. Jamerson acknowledged receipt of Mr. Lawson’s petition
and informed him that the Board would consider this matter later in the
meeting.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator. Mr. Peterson began by presenting the Board with the
gate activity report for July and annually. After discussion on the
gate activity report Mr. Peterson reported on the construction of Cell
"I", The underdrain has been installed and is working well. The road
has not been completed but construction is on schedule. Mr. Peterson
continued to discuss Cell "I" and the underdrain system. Mr. Peterson
explained that Hurt & Proffitt has suggested the County monitor the
water table daily, on the underdrain system. Mr. Peterson has
proceeded with this testing using a borrowed "watertable indicator"
from Hurt & Proffitt. Since this will be an on going testing, Mr.
Peterson requests an appropriation in the amount of $400.00 to purchase
the needed equipment. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to appropriate $400.00 to purchase a "watertable indicator"
for use at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson next discussed the results of the surface water testing
that has been done at the landfill. Mr. Peterson says we are below
State standards in all areas of contaminants. Mr. Peterson suggests
that the County proceed with these tests as agreed to previously by the
Board. The Board told Mr. Peterson to proceed with this testing
program.
Mr. Peterson explained Certification required for landfill operators
and requested money be appropriated to register for the basic training
and examination. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to appropriate $175.00 from convention and education for Mr. Peterson
to attend the Certification Training in Richmond. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson next made a request that the Board add money to his budget
to cover the cost of uniforms for the landfill employees. After
discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion, seconded by Mrs. Beasley to add
uniform contract for one year at a cost of $2600.00 to the landfill
budget. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay;
Mr. Moore, nay; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson presented the Landfill Bond Appropriation Request for
August 1993. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
appropriate $61,035.34 from the landfill Bond Fund to pay the following
bills:
D. S. Nash Construction Co. $ 46,522.80