659
all focus on economic development with different missions, budgets and different funding
sources for the region. Mr. Christie stated that because we are a partnership located in the same
fiscal offices we are able to share staff, equipment which lowers the cost and we are also able to
communicate with one another better. Mr. Christie stated that they operate with a comprehensive
plan to make sure they are all working towards the same goals. Mr. Christie stated they feel this
partnership is an important asset in their effort for economic development. Mr. Christie stated
that last year they received an award for their innovative and creativeness. Mr. Christie stated
that this year the National Association of Developmental Organizations which is a group of
planning districts nationwide which also awarded them for their innovativeness, creativity and
good planning. Mr. Christie stated that they are very pleased with how successful their
partnership has been.
Mr. Christie stated that the Local Government Council has been hard at work and he appreciated
the opportunity to work with the County on the VDOT enhancement grant that would connect
the Town with the County Industrial and Recreation Park. Mr. Christie stated that they are
coordinating an Energy Conservation Grant in the region with the department of mines and
minerals, and this will be a grant from stimulus money to provide non entitlement communities
with energy conservation funds. Mr. Christie stated that they are working with the economic
development administration out of Washington for a planning grant to receive funds for
comprehensive economic strategy. He stated a CED’s document is required before any
community or region can get access to EDA and their federal department of commerce dollars.
Mr. Christie stated that they have heard in January they will get a decision on whether they
qualified to receive those planning grant funds. He stated that if they qualify to receive these
funds we will start the process in twelve to eighteen months and that will give us a document that
will position our region to get those federal funds for infrastructure work and other industrial
technology that EDA’s traditionally pay for.
Mr. Christie stated that in November they began meetings with the Regional Greenway
Committee to advocate, educate and promote development of trails between counties.
Mr. Christie stated that they have had a successful workforce development program for youth.
He stated that they took 100 youth and paid their salaries with stimulus money and gave them
jobs throughout the summer and that twelve of those students who participated in this program
went on to get full time jobs after the summer program ended.
Mr. Christie stated that the Regional Landfill is doing well and disposed of 230,000 tons of trash
last year and continues to save money for the counties.
Mr. Christie stated that a regional transportation study is on the way and also they have a
Regional Radio Board that serves Amherst, Bedford and Lynchburg and two downtown
development projects with a million dollars each and also projects in Altavista and Brookneal.
Mr. Christie called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Carter questioned if individual counties could feed off of the regional SEDs. Mr. Christie
stated that yes you would qualify to use this document individually or regionally.