440
Mr. O’Brien began by explaining that he is requesting approval for a
"sand filter" septic tank system to be installed on property located on
Route 631 and Route 627. Mr. O’Brien handed out information to the
Board describing this type system. (Information on file in June 1994
Board file). Mr. O’Brien continued by explaining that there were
already several of this type system operating in the county.
Mr. Carwile explained that he had some concerns about maintenance
involved with this system over a period of years.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like assurance that this is a
workable system and suggested that the Board might want to have someone
from the Health Department give them more detail on this type system.
The Board by consensus, agreed to ask someone with the Health
Department and someone from the Department of Environmental Quality to
come and brief the Board on this system.
Mr. Torrence told Mr. O’Brien that the Board would get back with him
after they had more information.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. O’Brien and called on Mr. Monte
Mays Commissioner of Revenue, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Mays began by explaining that since the Board has chosen to go with
semi-annual billing of real estate taxes, an ordinance should be
adopted to give authority to assess new dwellings substantiality
completed. Mr. Mays continued with an excellent explanation of why
this ordinance is necessary.
After discussion, the Board by consensus, requested Mr. Lawson, County
Attorney, to prepare a draft ordinance by the July 1994 meeting.
Mr. Mays also requested approval from the Board for himself and one (1)
deputy to attend the Local Government Officials’ Conference,
Commissioner of Revenue Annual Convention and the VALECO.
After discussion the Board by consensus, told Mr. Mays that he would
have to make each request individually as the time came.
Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve for Mr.
Mays and one deputy to attend the Local Government Officials’
Conference in August 1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Being nothing further for Mr. Mays, Mr. Torrence thanked him for his
time.
Mr. Torrence next asked if any Supervisor had anything to discuss.
Mr. Carwile began by stating that ever since he has been on the Board
everyone has said that the $2 million dollar bond for the landfill must
be spent by December 1994. Mr. Carwile does not understand why this