414
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve a refund in the amount of $775.28 to Bass and Milton
Construction Company. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a
roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #8B- Emergency Action Plan for the Virginia
Cooperative Extension office and called for discussion.
Mr. Spencer explained that this is being required by Virginia Tech for the Virginia Cooperative
Extension Office.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would suggest that this be done for all the County Buildings and has it
documented and also practiced.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the Emergency Action Plan as presented for the Virginia
Cooperative Extension. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a
vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the Consent Agenda and called for discussion.
Approval of Minutes
October 27, 2008 — Joint Meeting with School Board
Approval of Bills
Supplemental Appropriations:
Board of Supervisors
Sheriff's Department
Animal Control
Library
Fund Transfers:
Sheriff's Asset Forfeiture Account
Line Item Transfer:
County Administration
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda as submitted. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Conrad’s motion. With no further discussion, Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the Information Items and called for any discussion. Hearing no
discussion, Chairman Craft called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like to thank everyone for his first year and stated that he would
like to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a safe New Year.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to thank everyone who was involved with the Community of
Candles and continue to make this a success year after year. Those involved are: Ms. June
Chenault; Ms. Anne Dixon; Ms. Shirley Wheeler; Mr. Bryan Baine; Ms. Francis Guill; Mr.
Wayne Phelps; Mr. Bill Burke and Ms. Carolyn Davis.