312
Mr. Carter stated that these figures are related to the new Utility Department. Mr. Roark stated
that all figures reflect the Utility Department. Ms. Ferguson stated that the only way this budget
would not occur would be if we do not do the water line or the Town should come in and have
the utilities already set up. Ms. Ferguson stated that even with the PSA there will be a cost
incurred.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had included in the Board’s budget $90,000 for professional
services for the waterline and also if the Bond goes through and everything goes well, those
funds will come out of the bond. Ms. Ferguson stated that the debt service would be financed in
with the other bonds that we are in the process of refinancing now, so you may not see that figure
come out of this utility budget.
Mr. Carter questioned if we would see a dramatic drop in these figures when the finances come
through.
Mr. Roark stated that the estimated FY 2010 budget figure is the figure you will be looking at on
an annual basis.
Mr. Roark stated the professional services amount is what is coming from the contract with Hurt
& Proffitt.
Mr. Tanner questioned when we would possibly be hearing from the Health Department on the
application that was submitted.
Mr. Roark stated that they were told it would take approximately two months after submittal so
they are hoping to hear sometime around the first of May.
Ms. Ferguson asked for further questions for Mr. Roark, hearing none, she explained that after
all the changes to the budget due to receiving the school budget and other deductions that were
proposed at the last meeting we are short $872,332.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had provided the Board with an Economic Development budget, but
it was not included in this budget figure. The budget also does not reflect the water line budget
or a donation to the Museum of the Confederacy.
Ms. Ferguson stated that with the provided budget figures, the estimated tax increase equates to a
little more than six cents per one hundred and this is without Economic Development budget,
water line budget and the donation to the Museum of the Confederacy.
Mr. Conrad asked what the schools proposed budget was before we received their actual budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that they had not provided us with a budget she had guessed on the figure
that was previously included.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the school had provided the County with a very thorough budget
and stated that this budget is calculated on 2108.95 students.