167
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Also Present:
Charlie Peterson, Landfill Supervisor
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson presiding, called the meeting to order.
Mr. Jamerson began the meeting by informing the Board he had talked to
Mr. Bill Litchford of W.E.L. Enterprises regarding the contested
Landfill Fee and reported Mr. Litchford had agreed to settle for
$4,000.00. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to accept Mr. Litchford’s offer. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Landfill Supervisor.
Mr. Peterson presented a handout showing anticipated waste generation
for FY94 and revenue projections based on several fee schedules. The
various schedules were analyzed and discussed.
Mr. Peterson next presented a revised site sketch for the proposed
transfer site on the Town’s property of Route 604 and a quotation from
J. E. Sears & Company, Inc. to construct four (4) 22’x4’ concrete
retaining walls and four (4) 24’x10’x6" accompanying concrete slabs.
Cost of this work is $9,569.00. The proposal was discussed and Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept Sears’
proposal and pay for it from Landfill Bord proceeds. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consiider the request of Mr. Tom
Owens, the property owner of the County’s: solid waste transfer site at
the intersection of Routes 604 and 727. Mr. Owens asks the County to
remove the collection bins so he will be more likely to sell the
property. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to close the site by Wednesday April 20, 1993, remove the bins
and clean up any debris, erect a temporary sign informing previous
users they can temporarily drop their solid waste at the sites located
on Route 644 or Route 650, and to so notify Mr. Owens. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Peterson next asked the Board to add a section to the proposed
ordinance to prohibit scavenging at the transfer sites. The Board by
consensus agreed.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Peterson and called Mrs. Sabrina
Smith, Registrar. Mrs. Smith presented fier and the Electoral Board’s