696
Fire Department is a small department that is also shared with Nelson County and being a smail
rural community with very little industrial businesses to help support their organization. Mr.
Taylor explained that there is no central population center and they do not have the ability to
fund raise like other organizations. Mr. Taylor stated that the Gladstone Volunteer Fire
Department is respectfully submitting a request for any monetary fund’s that Appomattox
County could provide.
Hearing no other public comment, Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#1 —
Appomattox Heritage & Recreation Trail Update and stated that as the Board is aware Mr. Roark
has been working on grants to develop a trail that will connect the Community Park with
Oakville Road. Chairman Conrad stated that in light of the current economic status of the
Commonwealth and how this impacts the County budget Mr. Roark is asking if the Board wishes
are to proceed with this project. Chairman Conrad asked if Mr. Roark had any other information
to provide the Board.
Mr. Roark stated that we are at a point where we are ready to start putting together the design
team. He continued that the Resolution of Support was approved in better economic times and he
felt it imperative to let the Board know that we are ready to move forward with this project.
Mr. Roark stated that the design phase match is being met by the easement value which was
donated by the EDA and we will not lose any money, but during the construction phase we
would need cash to meet the grant and with the economy in an unsettled state, he feels that
opportunities for donations are increasingly limited, Mr. Roark stated that he does not want to
owe VDOT if we are not going to move forward. Mr. Roark stated that the design could be
completed and then the Board could revisit the issue of moving forward.
Mr. Tanner stated that he does not feel this project is essential, but we could go ahead with the
design since it will not cost us anymore and the Board could revisit this issue at a later date.
Chairman Conrad stated that he is in agreement with Mr. Tanner and feels this project is not
essential at this time and let the Board revisit.
It was the consensus of the Board to proceed with the design of this trail and then bring it back to
the Board for approval before proceeding further.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2 — Economic Development Authority
Appointments and explained that Mr. William Slagle and Anthony Rago’s term on the Economic
Development Authority expires on December 31, 2009. Chairman Conrad stated that both have
stated their interest in being reappointed, however Mr. Rago is unemployed at this time and is
seeking employment that may take him out of the area. Chairman Conrad explained that the
term would be for four years ending December 31, 2013. Chairman Conrad stated that Ms. Nina