351
Ms Hitchcock stated that once adopted by the Board it is an opportunity for VDOT when
working on a road to automatically look at this plan and try to accommodate the bike trail.
Ms Hitchcock stated that in order for a portion of the County’s VDOT funds to be utilized in this
fashion the Board would have to adopt the master plan.
Ms. Hitchcock stated that last year she was here in November and gave the County a safety lieu
application as a direct action of the visionary connectivity and the EDA provided an casement
while the Board approved a resolution of support in November, so that application was awarded
in the amount of $138,288 from VDOT and the Counties twenty percent match would be
$34,572.
Ms. Hitchcock stated that the way the safety lieu rounds run there next application is due in
November 2008 and she had talked with VDOT to see if the County needs to go ahead and apply
for this. Ms. Hitchcock stated that she was told by VDOT that the County needs to go ahead and
apply for these funds. She then explained that the phase II estimated funds are $629,000 to
construct 1.6 miles on the ground. Applications are due in November and Mr. Roark and Ms.
Hitchcock have met with Mr. Fred Kruschwitz and they are trying to fine tune those figures to
see if an increase in the application amount is needed.
Ms. Hitchcock stated that if the County is awarded the funds applied for in the amount of
$629,200 that there would be a $125,840, local match. Ms. Hitchcock stated that in kind
services do apply towards the match.
Ms. Hitchcock called for any other questions. Hearing none; Chairman Craft thanked Ms.
Hitchcock for her presentation.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item#6 — Historic Railroad Festival Parade and called
for discussion. It was the consensus of the Board to walk in the Historic Railroad Festival
Parade.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #7 —- Committee Appointments to serve on a
committee with the Town to discuss water line issues.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to serve on this committee since the most of this is in his
district.
Mr. Tanner also volunteered to serve on this committee.
Mr. Conrad stated that this is an important job and he is not sure how the Town is going to react
to this, but we need to get this project done.
Mr. Carter stated that this is going to be a give and take for both the Board and the Town Council
and it is going to be a huge task, but the future of this County relies upon this water line.