462
flows for established commercial businesses and making hydrants available for fire protection to
homes; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby agree to seek additional funding
for the Route 460 Water Line Project from the Office of Drinking Water in the
amount of $3,5000,000; and
WHEREAS, future economic development along the Route 460 Corridor will rely upon this water source
and will improve the tax base for all citizens of Appomattox County;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby
support
the submittal of the “Application for Construction Funds” through the Virginia Department of
Health Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund.
Approved on this day, the 16" of March, 2009.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item# 7C- Vehicle Insurance and explained
that Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS Department is requesting the Board to pay their
yearly premium of $11,426.00. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
There was lengthy discussion from the Board as to why Appomattox and Pamplin
Volunteer Fire and EMS are having to seek insurance by someone other than who the
County has insurance with and has always provided in the previous years.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to appropriate funds to pay the annual premium in the amount
of $11,426.00 for Pamplin Volunteer and EMS vehicle insurance and to also re-bid and
put out an RFP on county insurance. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Hearing
no further discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #7D- Community Park Sewer System
and Electric Conduit Bids and explained that bids had been received for this and the low
bid was David T. Garrett & Sons for $21,808.95 with all paper work being in order.
Chairman Conrad stated that staff recommends awarding the low bid to David T. Garrett
& Sons in the amount of $21,808.95. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing no
discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the low bid for Community Park Sewer
System and Electric Conduit to David T. Garrett & Sons in the amount of $21,808.95.
Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for a Roll Call Vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next presented the Consent Agenda.
CONSENT AGENDA
Approval of Minutes
Monday, February 2, 2009 - Regular Scheduled Meeting
Monday, February 17, 2009 - Public Hearing Drought Response and Water Conservation
Measures
Monday, February 17, 2009 — Public Hearing - Solid Waste Management Plan