370
I am not here to criticize any resident who has put their time, energy
and money into the athletic complex project. They are doing something
good for our community. And all of us here want what is best for
Appomattox. On that we should all agree. I hope we see a similar
commitment of time and money from the community for academic
construction. Academic scores don’t make the daily papers, television
and radio, but they are more important.
Can we afford state-of-the-art classrooms? We can’t afford not to have
them. In the last two years the people of Appomattox have spent nearly
two million dollars on Virginia lottery tickets. Nearly two million
dollars each year. And since the lottery began in 1989 the people of
Appomattox have spent $7.2 million dollars on lottery tickets. Had
that money been invested in school construction we could have
transformed our facilities for middle school education and athletic
competition.
Yes, we can afford state-of-the-art classrooms. The money, obviously,
is out there. Appomattox ranks 66th in the state in lottery spending,
but 132nd in average teacher salaries. 132 out of 133 counties and
cities. Next to last in the whole state of Virginia. Appomattox needs
to do a better job of supporting public education.
Curiously, a groundbreaking for the sports complex has already been
publicly announced and official decisions have apparently already been
made by the school board and supervisors without a public hearing for
the taxpaying voters. Why? Fortunately, this public hearing was
required by law.
I oppose this $1 million bond and have 2,274 reasons for opposing it.
Every child in our school system is a reason. Instead, I urge the
county to apply for a single bond issue large enough to take care of
the vital academic needs first--like a new middle school--as well as
the playing fields.
Because when the cheering stops after Friday night football games
reality kicks the door in. There are lives to be lived, jobs to be
done, families to be raised. The real-life starts after the cheering
has stopped.
That is why our children go to school."
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Woodley and recognized the next person who
wished to speak.
Mrs. Deborah W. Powell came forward and stated her address as 113 Maple
Street, Appomattox, VA. Mrs. Powell acknowledged the audience and
members of the Board.
"Gentlemen and Members of the Board:
My name is Deborah W. Powell. For those of you not familiar with my
background, I served for eight (8) years on the Appomattox County
School Board and have two (2) children who have been thru the