491
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had increased the budget for legal services and does not see any
way to cut this budget at this time.
Ms. Ferguson stated the she hoped to not spend more out of the legislative audit budget than was
spent last year, however there is no way to know what you may need, so she suggested keeping
the funds in this budget as submitted.
Chairman Conrad questioned the $84,161 that is in 3102-7005- Motor Vehicles and after lengthy
discussion it was suggested cutting one police car from the budget in the amount of $27,728.
After discussion of 3103 — Sheriff (town) it was decided for Ms. F erguson should speak with the
Town to see if they would pay the difference. Ms. Ferguson stated that she has researched the
agreement and it states that the Town would give the County all 599 funds received, but it does
not state that they will give any more.
Ms. Ferguson explained how she had pulled Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department and EMS out of
Appomattox County Volunteer Fire Department budget due to the Town reimbursing the County
for a quarter of the expenses for Appomattox Fire Department and it was getting to difficult to
keep Pamplin funds separate from Appomattox. Ms. Ferguson stated that she had increased the
donations to all Volunteer Fire Department to $3000 instead of the normal $2000 that has
previously been given.
Mr. Tanner questioned what was included in 3201-5605 donation/meal. Ms. Ferguson explained
how she had come up with the $3200 figure with $3000 being their donation and the $200 going
towards a meal for the department.
The Board was in agreement to increase the local donation from $2000 to $3000 for surrounding
counties Volunteer Fire Departments and EMS.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that the Rescue Squads are participating in the Revenue
Recovery, so they are billing for services.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had recognized that 3605 Emergency Services budget was left out
so $12,440 would need to be added to the budget for this department.
Ms. Ferguson explained that she has a scheduled meeting with Mr. Ramey to discuss the tire
situation and make sure that they are still solid and will continue to function. Ms. Ferguson
stated that he is behind on his payments so they will be discussing this at their meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that in the general properties budget 4302 the general liability insurance was
completely left out of his budget so that has been put back into the budget for this year.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had not heard from the Health Department, so we have funded them
the same amount as we funded last year.