tad
thanked and excused Mrs. Belter and askecl to hear from Mr. T. W.
Lawson, Esquire.
Mr. Lawson reviewed his budget requests for Commonwealth Attorney and
for County Attorney separately. A review and discussion of the
requests followed. At the discussion’s conclusion, Mr. Jamerson
thanked and excused Mr. Lawson.
The request for a needs assessment and planning study was brought up
again and discussed. Mr. Carwile stated he had reviewed the
overcrowded conditions at the jail and felt something should be done
before the State mandates it. Mr. Jamersion stated he also had reviewed
the situation and, being a building contractor, pointed out several
things that need to be considered. The Board by consensus agreed to
consider proposals for this study paying for it with FY93 funds if
possible and asked Mr. Rice to seek proposals and coordinate the scope
of the study with the Sheriff.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to continue the review of the FY94
budget requests by line items.
Because the evening was getting late, Mr. Jamerson reminded the Board
of the Public Hearing scheduled for tomorrow night April 6, 1993 at
7:30 P.M. and asked the Board if they would consider continuing the
budget work session after the Public Hearing tomorrow night. The Board
agreed.
At 10:05 P.M. Mr. Jamerson with concurrence of the other Board members
recessed the Board until after the Public Hearing scheduled for April
6, 1993.
Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Planning Commission and
the Appomattox Board of Supervisors was held April 6, 1993 at the
Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia
to consider petitions seeking Conditional Use Zoning Permits.
Present (Board of Supervisors)
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District:
Russell Moore, Piney Mt. District
Also Present:
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator