260
Also Present: Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney
Aileen T. Ferguson - Interim County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. and asked Mr. Torrence to give the invocation.
Mr. Jamerson then called Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Resident Engineer
Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms. Lindsey distributed to th
Board copies of a proposed Resolution concerning the access road int
the transfer site on Route 604. Ms. Lindsey explained that th
secondary roads definition refers to landfill site. Ms. Lindsey feel
that the highway department will probably take this road into th
system.
0-0-0
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, the street described on the attached Additions Form SR-5 (A)
fully incorporated herein by reference, is shown on a plat recorded in
the Clerk’s Office of the Circuit Court of Appomattox County, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has constructed this street in accordandé
with Virginia Department of Transportation standards and is an access
for a permanent solid waste site which serves one-third of Appomattos
County, and
<—A—D-ty
WHERFAS, the Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department 9
Transporation has advised the Board that the street meets the
requirements established by the Virginia Department of Transportation.
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virgini
Department of Transportation to add the street described on th
attached Additions Form SR-5(A) to the secondary system -of stat
highways, pursuant to Section 33.1-229, Code of Virginia.
“a
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board guarantees a clear and unrestricted
right of way, as described, and any necessary easements for cuts, fill
and drainage, and
tr
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution
be forwarded to the Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of
Transporation.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsey if this road were taken into the syste
would it remain in the system indefinitely? Ms. Lindsey stated tha
the Board of Supervisors would have to pass a resolution to abondd
once the road is in the system.
att
Ms. Lindsey addressed Mr. Moore concerning Right-of-Way on Route 656
Mr. Moore is making progress on these approvals.