203
depot. After discussion the matter was held for the regular Board
Meeting to be held on June 10.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley, the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code
of Virginia entered into executive session at 8:05 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
At 8:32 P.M. on a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate
$60,000.00 in the FY94 budget to purchase Jamerson property at the
intersection of Route 727 and Evergreen Avenue. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
abstain; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next brought up the surface water testing at the
landfill. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to add $8,200.00 to the landfill budget to cover the cost of
surface water testing. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The next item for discussion was bleachers for the ballpark. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $2,000.00
to the Recreation Department budget to cover the cost of two(2) sets of