Teft
Mrs. Jamerson next furnished copies of and explained attendance records
at the Schools through January, 1993. Mrs. Jamerson pointed our there
were currently 2,268 students enrolled which is eight (8) students less
than those enrolled in September. Mr. Carwile asked the status of
legislation recently introduced at the General Assembly regarding free
textbooks at all schools. Mrs. Jamerson explained the version of the
new legislation that has advanced furthest stated free textbooks will
be mandatory only if total funding is provided by the General Assembly.
Being no further questions, Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs.
Jamerson and asked to hear from Mr. Greg Hawley, Director of the
Southside Virginia Business and Education Committee. Mr. Hawley
presented a brochure on the Southside Virginia Business and Education
Committee and introduced himself. Mr. Hawley explained the Southside
Virginia Business and Education Committee was established by the
General Assembly "to provide a resource for business and schools that
are interested in developing partnerships which may be mutually
beneficial". Mr. Hawley provided many examples of such partnerships
such as businesses training teachers to provide specific needs, etc.
Mr. Hawley also explained the structure of the Commission, funding
sources, current ongoing programs in adjacent areas, and plans for
Appomattox County. Mr. Hawley concluded by assuring the Board no
funding would be requested from Appomattox County this year.
Mr. Jamerson thanked Mr. Hawley and called on Mr. Charlie Peterson,
Landfill Supervisor. Mr. Peterson presented graphs showing tons of
solid waste received per month and reported 864 tons were received in
January. Mr. Jamerson noted the tons per month data would be more
meaningful after more date has been collected for comparison. Mr.
Jamerson asked that the tonnage delivered by the Towns of Appomattox
and Pamplin be tracked. Mr. Peterson also reported $10,860.00 in gate
billings had been received in January. Mr. Peterson next asked
permission for he and Mrs. Carter to attend a conference in Richmond.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
that the County pay $150.00 each for Mr. Peterson’s and Mrs. Carter’s
registration to the Solid Waste Association of North America’s Annual
Virginia Management Conference in Richmond, Virginia April 26, 27, and
28, 1993; two (2) night lodging; and meals. The total expenses being
$300.00 registration plus $340.00 lodging plus $60.00 meals or
$700.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next reported to the Board on a meeting in Richmond which
he, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Dickerson of Hurt and Proffitt, and Mr. Rice had
with Mr. William L. Woodfin, Jr., Director of Virginia Department of
Waste Management and his assistant, Mr. James Adams, January 23, 1993.
Mr. Jamerson pointed out the contingency was very cordially received.
He continued by explaining the status of the County’s landfill was
reviewed in depth as was the County’s intentions and future plans as
they related to the proposed and current regulations. Following the
meeting Mr. Rice wrote a letter to Mr. Woodfin January 23, 1993
summarizing the meeting and asking permission to close areas designated
as E, F, and G in accord with Amendment 1 of the Solid Waste Management
Regulations. A copy of the January 23, 1993 letter was furnished the