438
Now, therefore, be it resolved that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County
respectfully offers the following budget and revenue recommendations for the 2009
legislative session to the Governor and Virginia General Assembly including
Appomattox County’s Delegates and Senators:
Budget and appropriate sufficient withdrawals from the state’s Revenue
Stabilization Fund (“Rainy Day Fund”) to help offset necessary state budget
reductions. Global and national financial markets are imbalances; consequently,
Virginia is one of many states facing a significant state revenue shortfall. The
Commonwealth is required to replenish the Fund when economic conditions
improve, and Appomattox County supports recapitalizing the Fund in better
economic times.
Before budgeting and appropriating necessary state budget reductions, revisit
recent state tax exemptions. Since the late 1990s the state has enacted more than
$1.8 billion in net biennial tax reductions and specific General Fund transfers.
Oppose the enactment of new unfunded and under-funded state mandates that will
impose new cost on local governments. Additionally, consider repealing specific,
unfunded and under-funded state mandates. In the area of public education, the
Governor and Virginia General Assembly should consider providing localities
and school districts maximum flexibility to i) suspend specific mandates and ii)
manage specific public education reductions.
Enact a law authorizing equal taxing authority for counties. Counties should be
enabled, like cities and towns, to institute specific taxes, including a meals tax
without a referendum. The new sources of revenue would be tailored to the needs
of a jurisdiction and could help local governments protect adequate funding for
the core government services including K-12 public education, and reduce county
dependence on property taxes.
Consider additional possibilities for mitigating the impact of state cuts on local
governments. Local governments will have to make significant cuts in services
because of flat or decreasing real estate revenues. Permit local governments, at
their option, to implement a one-half percent increase in the sales tax as a way to
minimize the potential burden passed on to homeowners through increased real
property taxes.
Furthermore, Appomattox County offers these recommendations in the spirit of
compromise and partnership to the Governor and Virginia General Assembly including
Appomattox County’s Delegates and Senators.
Adopted by the Appomattox County Board on Supervisors at their regular scheduled
meeting of February 2, 2009. Vote: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye