331
WHEREAS, the Office on Youth develops Appomattox County’
comprehensive youth needs assessment and long-range plan for preventing
delinquency and promoting positive youth development; and
O-mn
WHEREAS, the Office on Youth monitors and evaluates community
programs and services to determine their impact on youth; and
WHEREAS the Office on Youth attempts to resolve agency policies
and procedures which make it difficult for youth and families t
receive services; and
O-th
WHEREAS, utilizing an annual budget of $37,451, the Office o
Youth has generated approximately $90, 000 in grant funds for th
children and youth of Appomattox County in the past year; and
e
os
WHEREAS, only the Office of Youth is structured by the Code of
Virginia to provide this array of services;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board o
Supervisors does hereby support the continuance of the Appomatto:
County Office on Youth and urges the Commonwealth of Virgini
Department of Youth and Family Services to retain grant funds foi
Offices on Youth in its budget and continue to issue such grants t
localities.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr)
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
0-8 xh
Mr. Jamerson presented a request for $50.00 to pay Registration Fee fo
above ground storage tanks. The Board by consensus approved a lin
item transfer from 1101-3002 to 4204-3002 to cover this expense.
or
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to enter int
Executive Session to discuss personnel at 7:22 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson)
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr}
Torrence, aye.
o.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session: Vote: Mr. Jamerson|
aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr),
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded)
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law: