589
Chairman Conrad expressed the Board’s sincere congratulations to Mr. Bennie Massey on
reaching his 100" year milestone on July 22, 2009.
Ms. Ferguson stated if the Board wished to include information related to Mr. Massey serving on
the USDA Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Committee for a number of years.
It was the consensus of the Board to add the information about Mr. Massey serving on the USDA
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Committee into the provided resolution.
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
RESOLUTION
2009-07-20
WHEREAS, Bennie C. Massey was born in Dubois, PA and moved to Appomattox
County, Virginia when he was nine years old; and
WHEREAS, Mr. Massey was raised and resided in the Pamplin community until the present
time; and
WHEREAS, Bennie C. Massey is retired from the postal service where he was a rural mail
catrier in Pamplin for forty-nine years as well as a farmer and he continues to drive and keep an
attentive eye on the farm that he leases to others; and
WHEREAS, Bennie C. Massey was elected to and served with distinction on the USDA
Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Committee for a number of years administering
congressionally mandated farm programs; and
WHEREAS, being a devoted member of Pamplin United Methodist Church since he
mattied in 1932; and
WHEREAS, His wife, Naomi and he were married for fifty-seven years when she passed
away in 1989; and he has one daughter, Beth Fore who resides in Farmville with her husband; and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors express their sincere congratulations to Bennie C. Massey as he has reached his
100" year milestone on July 22, 2009; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors directs that a copy of this
resolution be presented to Bennie C. Massey on the behalf of the Board and the Citizens of
Appomattox County.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the resolution recognizing Mr. Bennie C. Massey in honor of
his 100" birthday. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.