191
"I speak to you tonight regarding the budget on behalf of th
Appomattox County Education Association of which I am vice-president.
Ww
Our thoughts and concerns over the budget fall into two categories).
First, we would like to commend you on being well-informed ane
sensitive to the wishes of your constituents, including parents, staf
members, and teachers. We applaud your stand on funding instruction in
our county and on insisting that salary increases come from the botto
up. The salary committee did an excellent job of beginning to create
meaningful salary schedule and the ACEA asks that funding be include
for implementing this schedule. The committee recommended large
raises for teacher aides and secretaries, people at the bottom of th
scale whose salaries are far below average. The ACEA asks that fundin
be included for giving them the full amount proposed in the report.
id) imOs OF °))
A school budget is not just figures on a sheet of paper. It is abou
the student - his or her future, his or her success - and HOW how w
spend our money affects his or her future and success. We have qualit
instruction and a low, low dropout rate in our county because we hav
dedicated, caring faculty and staff. We want to keep our dedicated
caring people. We have quality programs and opportunities for o
young people because we have quality people. And to do that our peopl
have to feel that they are worth something to our county. They have t
be able to feed their families and send their children to college an
pay their medical bills and rent and....
We want all of our teachers to have a nice room in which to teach s
that some of them don’t have to pack up all of their instructiona
materials and move from room to room all day or teach in a closet. W
want them to have ample paper for handouts, equipment for hands-o
learning, food for labs, new music, band and chorale uniforms to
proud of, new textbooks on time, money for field trips, conferences and
workshops, and the list could go on just a little longer.
pap WE 0) a —a
We’ve been "getting by" - "getting by" on the lowest amount of local
funding in the state] If this isn’t a source of embarrassment, it
should be. We are not living in an economically deprived area. Ou
citizens have indicated time and again that they are willing to pay for
education. We urge you not to use any disputes over how the money will
be spent to cut money from the amount spent on instruction.
The face of education is changing rapidly. We are anxious to be
innovators and leaders in the implementation of World Class Educatio
and Tech-Prep. We are forging ahead into uncharted territory and w
will need training and materials and support. These all have a pric
tag.
i ERE 6 6 a1
In closing, we want to thank you again for your support and urge you
again not to forget that price tag."
Ms. Dianne Braford spoke next as a representative of Secretaries on th
School Board’s salary committee Ms. Braford said the aides should he
the first priority and the secretaries the second priority when the
Board considers salary increases. Ms. Braford explained secretaries!
(D