178
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lawson to brief the Boards and audience about
the petition.
Mr. Lawson explained the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors had
obtained specialized outside council from Richmond, Virginia for advice
on technical Zoning matters and had been advised to rezone the
propertys within the EH district because:
1. Under the existing zoning ordinance, the County has imposed an
Fnvironmental Hazard District that has no permitted uses, This
probably should not have been done. As a matter of law, this probably
was wrong as it constitutes taking of someone’s property and is legally
suspect. For example, if the County sold the Landf i111 property or Mrs.
Moore sold Lime Plant property, the new owners could do nothing with it
except operate the lime plant and landfill.
2 The Comprehensive Plan for Appomattox County has the Lime
Plant property and Landf i111 property zoned A-1. Therefore, EH zoning
is inconsistent with the comprehensive plan ana future land use of thé
County and, by changing the zoning, the County will be creating a zoné
in which the land may be used.
3. The County is presently involved in a lawsuit concerning thé
County’s landfill and their zoning Ordinance. The County has spent «
large sum of money defending this suit, and on advice of its attorney,
feel] that these changes in their zoning ordinance will make the suit
moot and the suit will be dismissed, saving the County a lot of money.
Ai 2we NY
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Lawson and asked to hear from those that
wished to comment on the Petition.
Mr. H. H. Moore asked to speak and identified himself. Mr. Moors
questioned if new restriction on use of the property would he placed on
the existing limestone operations and why it was decided to change t
A-1 rather than, say, Industrial or Commercial. Mr. Lawson pointed out
the limestone plant would be a nonconforming use under either FH or A-1
and, as such, could he enlarged or increased to occupy an area not to
exceed 50% of the area that was occupied at the time of this amendment.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone else desired to comment on this petition.
ct
Hearing no response, Mr. Torrence informed the Boards and audience tha
Mr. John Ranson, Jr. had withdrawn application 93-195 for a variance to.
the Zoning Ordinance pertaining to the site plan required for mobi l¢
home parks and ask Mr. Rice to read Mr. Ranson’s letter of May 3, 199:
for the record.
WWSD
Mr. Rice read:
May 3, 1993
Mr. Gordon Rice, Zoning Administrator
Appomattox County
Dear Mr. Rice: