138
April, 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Thomas next explained a change to the Schools’ accounting system.
The money collected at the schools’ cafeterias was now deposited into
the General Fund and school cafeteria personnel are paid as the other
school’s personnel. Previously this money had been separately
collected and dispensed. This change was) recommended by the auditors
and required by the new software recently initiated by the School
Board’s administrative staff. To accomplish this, Mr. Thomas asked the
Board to appropriate $194,084.00 for FY93’s budget and reminded them
this was "pass through" monies. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by
Mr. Torrence to appropriate $194,084.00 to the Schools’ operating funds
for FY93 to accommodate the changed accounting methods used for monies
collected at the schools’ cafeteria. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Thomas next reported the final "walk through" for the new
construction at the Primary School and High School was scheduled for
tomorrow, March 9, 1993.
And finally, Mr. Thomas reported the selection committee would
recommend an Architect to do the feasibility study for the middle
school at the School Board’s meeting Thursday March 11, 1993.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Dr. Thomas, and noted the Board was
ahead of schedule. Mrs. Nix scheduled to appear next had not yet
arrived and, therefore, called to hear from Mrs. Eleanor Leonard of the
Arts Council.
Mrs. Leonard distributed to the Board a written history of the
Appomattox Arts Council, their past accomplishments, their objectives,
and their proposed FY94 budget. Mrs. Leonard explained the Arts
Council was asking for $1500.00 matching money from the County which
would make them eligible for a grant of $1500.00 from the Virginia
Commission of the Arts. She also explained the Council needed a
commitment prior to April 1, 1993 which was the deadline for the grant
application. A lengthy discussion followed and it was determined the
Arts Council could apply for the grant without committed money from the
County. The Board by consensus agreed to consider the Council’s
request along with all others during the budget preparation process.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mrs. Leonard assuring her she would be
notified of the Board’s decision on her request as soon as the budget
had been finalized.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mrs. Beckie Nix president of the Appomattox
Chamber of Commerce. Mrs. Nix reviewed the Chamber’s progress toward
state accreditation of the proposed tourists information center and
explained the schedule they were working under, which called for
completion of the accreditation program by December of 1993.
Mrs. Nix next reviewed the request for funds. She pointed out the
accreditation process requires manning the information center 8 hours