495
the County’s undesignated fund balance at the current level or above for the general fund and to
avoid unnecessary increases to the County’s tax rates.
Mr. Rose next discussed the total existing County debt service and they have included all the
County debt including the schools in this report.
Mr. Rose next discussed opportunities to refinance/restructure the County’s tax-supported debt in
order to free cash flow in FY’s 2010-2012.
Mr. Rose stated that they are going to show how the County can strategically structure the new
money portion, of approximately $3.4 million, so that existing and new money debt service
combined does not exceed the current existing debt service level which does not increase future
debt, and provide needed capital projects without increasing taxes.
Mr. Rose gave the potential savings from proposed restructuring.
Mr. Rose stated that their approach allows the County to achieve overall debt repayment that
does not overburden current taxpayers, whereby annual debt service requirements never exceed
current levels, and still maintain a strong payout ratio, well above 50%. The county would
overall have a final maturity on restructured debt that does not extend beyond current final
maturity of FY 2023. The county would have a significant annual cash flow relief in FY’s 2010-
2013.
Mr. Rose explained the peer group comparison and the County’s financial position compares
favorably to a peer group comprised of Virginia counties. The peer group consists of both rated
counties with moderate population size and unrated counties with smaller populations and /or
geographic proximity to Appomattox. Mr. Rose stated that the County is positioned well
compared to our peers and we are in a competitive position.
Mr. Rose next reviewed our undesignated fund balance compared to expenditures.
Mr. Rose next stated that the County’s outstanding debt, when you compare it to the accessed
property the County is right on target. Mr. Rose stated that when the board decided to do some of
the school programs this will go up.
Mr. Rose stated that the debt service is paid off so rapidly that it is actually hurting the County,
and then further explained the payout ratio in more detail.
Mr. Carter asked if a lot of this is a timing issue. Mr. Rose stated that yes it is a timing issue and
by doing this restructure we are positioning ourselves in a good position when the school needs
funds.
Mr. Rose then briefed the Board on the trends of Appomattox County and explained that this will
be helpful at a later date with the school program.
Mr. Rose next proposed the recommended course of action which would be to approach local,
regional, and national financial institutions through a private placement process and at the same