448
Mrs. Ferguson reviewed the names of the people selected for the
Industrial Site Review Committee, with the Board. The following people
have been recommended to serve on this committee: Wayne Lewis; Walter
E. Hancock; Billy Conner (Town Council); James A. Smith; Doug Webb; and
Philip (Gus) Paulette. Everyone agreed for this Committee to proceed.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that she had contacted Mrs. McCraw
about the Central Virginia Community College appointment and Mrs.
McCraw was unable to serve. The Board would need to make another
appointment.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
ask Debbie Powell, first and Becky Burke, second, to fill Mrs. Webb’s
seat on the Central Virginia Community College Board. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson, next informed the Board that the Summer Youth Program
was going to be $1500.00 short. After discussion, it was agreed that
the Summer Youth Program must stay within their budget.
At 9:47 P.M. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
enter into Executive Session to discuss legal matters: Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mr. Carwile, it was resolved
the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 10:12 P.M. Vote
Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Mr. Carwile the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedon
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.