561
Chairman Conrad presented Petition CUP09004-Pamela Chappell, applicant, requesting a
conditional use permit to locate a commercial kennel on property located on Church Street (TM#
76-A-5) in the Southside Magisterial District. The property is zoned A-1, Agricultural.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the Planning Commission recommendation and deny Petition
CUP09004 of Pamela Chappell. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Petition CUP09005-Susan Harold, applicant, requesting a
conditional use permit to locate a commercial kennel on property located at 5005 River Ridge
Road (TM# 66-A-19) in the Clover Hill Magisterial District. The property is zoned A-1,
Agricultural. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would like to add another condition to this Conditional Use Permit
if approved by the Board and that would be to limit the location to what is shown on the
provided sketch.
Mr. Conrad stated that this sketch is not to scale.
Mr. Overstreet stated that this sketch does give distances to the property lines.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels with the majority of neighbors in disagreement with this petition
he cannot support this.
Mr. Carter made a motion to not accept the Planning Commission recommendation and deny
petition CUP09005 of Susan Harold. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman
Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Petition RZ09003-Courtland Realty/Tommy O’Brien,
applicant/agent, requesting to rezone 37.42 acres of property along Route 460 (Richmond
Highway) between Lees Crossing Lane (private) and Police Tower Road (Route 613). The
property is divided into multiple parcels, which are a mixture of A-1, Agricultural and R-1,
Residential zoning districts. The parcels are further identified as Tax Map # 63 (A) 4, 63 (A) 4
thru 7A. The desired uses include general commercial and general office uses. The property is
located in the Southside Magisterial District. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the Planning Commission Recommendation and approve
Petition RZ09003-Courtland Realty/Tommy O’Brien. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s
motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing no discussion he called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.