313
Whereas, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby
certifies that, to the best of each members knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully
exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discusses in the closes
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard, discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors: Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft asked if there was any action from the closed session.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve an additional increase for the Assistant County
Administrator in the amount of $1725.00. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman
Craft called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve an additional increase for the County Administrator in the
amount of $6,550.00 Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a roll
call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adjourn the meeting at 8:50 p.m. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye. Mr. Tanner, aye.
The meeting adjourned at 8:50 p.m.
William H. Craft, Chairman
On Monday, July 21, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
public hearing at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Park Lane, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Present: William H, Craft — Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District