O44
meeting dates were not published in the newspapers. Mr.
Moore suggested Mr. Rice notify the papers each month of the
meeting dates and ask the papers to publish the dates as a
community service. Mr. Moore also reported his constituent
was concerned line item transfers were not being properly
recorded and the budget was not being properly monitored.
Mr. Moore suggested the County publish its budget in the
local newspapers quarterly showing the amounts spent to date
by departments. After some discussion, the Board agreed by
consensus to publish the budget quarterly showing expenses
paid to date compared to total yearly amounts budgeted
including line item transfers and transfers from
unappropriated surplus.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mr. Lawson, the County Attorney.
Mr. Lawson reported he had talked to Mayor Spiggle of the
Town of Appomattox and the Mayor reported the Town was ready
to give the ballpark to the County whenever the deed was
drawn. After some discussion, the Board by consensus
directed Mr. Lawson to draft the deed. Mr. Lawson further
reported he has not yet received the plat for the well lot
and utility easements at the Community Center, but as soon as
he does, he will draft the deed to transfer these to the
Town.
Mr. Lawson next reported he had applied to the Justice
Department for preclearance to place the referendum on this
years ballot to permit elections of School Board members.
Mr. Lawson next asked for an executive session to discuss
legal matters.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors in accord with Section
2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia enter into an executive
session at 9:02 P.M. to discuss legal matters. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session
at 9:33 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the
following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has
convened an executive meeting on this date pursuant
to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of
Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344-1, of the Code of Virginia,
1950, aS amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with
Virginia law: