514
take for them to get all their matches. Ms Ferguson also stated that if the school’s budget is
based on the 2130 ADM we can cut them to the ADM of 2109 which is a real gamble and if they
are correct in their estimation we would have to come up with that money the end of March.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she had thought she could make a debt service payment out of a bond
this year and free up another $300,000 almost $400,000, but with refinancing these bonds she is
not able to know if that would work out so she cannot depend on this.
Mr. Conrad asked if we restructure our debt service as Davenport talked about, is that going to
help. Ms. Ferguson stated that we had been told that a restructure would save about $400,000
this year, maybe a little more, however, we were encouraged and cautioned to put this ina
reserve fund in order to build for down the road when we have to meet the school demands.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that we have to advertise proposed increase in the tax rate for
30 days and we have already moved the date to collect taxes to June 27', Ms. Ferguson stated
that we are under the gun, we have got to make a decision as to where we are going to go with
this and how we are going to approach this, because we have got to get the advertisement in the
paper and even at that we are going to be the first of June holding our public hearing.
Chairman Conrad stated that we need to reduce taxes where we can and look at this from another
stand point. Chairman Conrad stated that we have a bad economy now and we also have a lot of
people in the County that are out of work and if they are working they may be working with less
income and prices of most everything except gas has dropped in price. Chairman Conrad stated
that with all these projects going on and we are telling people that times are tough, yet we go and
raise taxes, and he hates having to do this.
There was in-depth discussion of what projects should be included in the FY2010 budget and
how much of a tax increase it was going to take to provide for these projects.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that the advertised tax rate can be lowered once we have final
figures for the budget.
Ms. Ferguson reminded the Board that she has included $90,000 in the Board’s budget for the
same fees that we have in the utility budget which will free up that amount.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to see that $90,000 be used for an Economic Development
Coordinator, but we still need operating funds for the rest of the year for unknown expenses.
Mr. Conrad stated that he would not vote for the Economic Development Coordinator with taxes
going up 9 to 13 cents and that he feels this is going to strain a lot of people. Mr. Conrad stated
that we need to see where we are going with this water line and how that is going to manage out
before we start adding people to the payroll.