307
Mr, Overstreet stated that there is also an unintended consequence of this traffic study.
This requirement will make the person define or decide what the use will be because the traffic
impact study will make them decide.
Mr. Conrad stated that now the customer must tell you at the time of their application what their
plan is or the County would have to go to the worst impact scenario and send to VDOT for traffic
study.
Mr. Roark stated that the customer will need to give a use and a traffic count at the time of
application.
Mr. Roark stated that he would suggest holding a public hearing at the next scheduled Board
meeting.
Mr. Conrad made a motion for the Board to hold a public hearing on the proposed amendments
to the County Code July 21, 2008 at 6:00 P.M.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next called on Ms. Valarie Daughtery to come and appear before the Board.
Chairman Craft explained that Ms. Daughtery had requested to meet with the Board to give an
update on the happenings at the Appomattox Courthouse Theatre.
Ms. Daughtery began by thanking the board on behalf of the Courthouse Theatre Board of
Directors for their continued use of the old courthouse for the theater. Ms. Daughtery explained
that they have had three productions this season with 35 citizens auditioners and approximately
800 people attending these three productions.
Ms. Daughtery stated that they are hosting a summer workshop for children and teenagers in
music and drama.
Ms. Daughtery stated that they have three productions planned for the third season.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Daughtery for providing this service to the citizens of Appomattox
County.
Ms. Daughtery also stated that they have a Civil War Melodrama in the upcoming productions.
Ms. Daughtery stated that they have had great support from citizens and businesses in and around
the County.
Chairman Craft thanked Ms. Daughtery and then presented Administrative Item #1- Request by
the Gladstone Senior Center.
Chairman Craft called for discussion on this issue.