386
explained that the museum is set to open all three new sites and a new exhibit in
Richmond during the Sesquicentennial Commemoration of the Civil War which is in
April of 2015.
Mr. Rawls briefed the Board on what the Appomattox museum will feature, which will
include artifacts related to the last months of the Army of Northern Virginia, the
Appomattox Campaign, and the surrender, issues of “demobilization” of the armies,
reunification and continuing legacy of the Confederacy. This museum will include
effects of General Robert E. Lee, including his surrender uniform and sword and the pen
used to sign the surrender, effects of Generals A.P. Hill and Joseph E. Johnston, fifty-four
flags surrendered at Appomattox and paroles and parolee list. The 18" Virginia flag will
be stored in the Appomattox museum.
Mr. Rawls briefed the Board on the Sesquicentennial Commemoration. He explained
that the Virginia Sesquicentennial Commission’s main effort will be directed toward a
major exhibit, which will start in Richmond. It will then split apart and travel the state
until March 2015. It will be reunited in Appomattox from March 2015 — September
2015.
Mr. Rawls explained that there would be rotating exhibits where other museum exhibits
will rotate around system sites including the War in the West, Gettysburg and the
Common Soldier which will keep the Appomattox site new and fresh and encourage
repeat visitors.
Mr. Rawls explained they will market the museum system by honoring special system-
wide packages for tour groups and tour operators. They will offer Museum-sponsored
tours between museum sites, partnering with localities and community tourism partners.
Mr. Rawls explained that the Tobacco Commission had been very supportive of their
projects.
Mr. Rawls next explained the economic impact this museum will have locally which will
be offering some full-time and part-time positions. There will be an increase in local
revenues with more visitors and longer stays for hotels, restaurants and shopping. It will
impact the community by having a multi purpose space for community use, serving as an
outlet for community volunteers and collaboration with local tourism partners including
those in surrounding counties and towns.
Mr. Rawls provided the Board with photographs of the Appomattox site along with an
aerial site plan and also gave the Board a brief overview of the building plans.
Mr. Rawls stated that the Town had approved $350,000 to assist in the move to this site
with $325,000 to purchase the site and $25,000 to use on site improvements.