256
Ms. Ferguson stated that a public hearing still needed to be scheduled at tonight’s
meeting so that advertisement deadlines can be met.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board needs to have a list of things we do not understand
completely or questions the Board may have.
Ms. Ferguson explained that Mr. Morelli is with the Department of Taxation and
explained that someone could possibly come to Appomattox from Virginia Tech if Mr.
Morelli is unable to attend the May 19" meeting.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is interested in anyone who can come to the meeting and speak
to the Board who has in-depth knowledge and an unbiased opinion of land use and can
answer questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Moore questioned if we cannot get someone here on May 19" can we schedule a
special meeting to have someone come in.
Ms. Ferguson asked the Board how much time they wanted to allow for the Public
Hearing on land use. She also explained that the Board could schedule a certain amount
of time and then recess and go back to the Public Hearing.
It was the consensus of the Board to schedule the Public Hearing on Land Use for June
2", 2008, at 5:30 P.M.
Ms. Ferguson then asked the Board if they were comfortable with the draft ordinance that
they have been provided.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had reviewed the draft ordinance and felt that Mr. Overstreet
had done a good job.
Chairman Craft questioned if the Board could have the public hearing first and then have
Mr. Morelli come and speak.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she agreed with Mr. Moore if Mr. Morelli can not come to speak
with the Board on May 19", the Board should consider scheduling a special Board
meeting for him to come and speak before the Public Hearing.
Mr. Conrad stated that it is very important that we have someone come and educate the
Board so that we are able to answer all questions from citizens.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board needs to be very careful in interacting with citizens
during the Public Hearing.
Mr. Conrad stated that he would not consider interacting with citizens during the Public
Hearing however; he feels that the Board needs to know how to answer their questions.