084
Supervisors to increase the tax to 20% of the monthly bill
excluding any amount over $15.00 for residential customers.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Considering other business, the Board on a= motion by Mr.
Carwile seconded by Mrs. Beasley resolved that considering
the complexities and variables involved in purchasing
casualty insurance, sealed bidding is neither practicable nor
fiscally advantageous and competitive negotiation is the
better method of procurement. Further, the following
criteria shall be used as a bases for evaluating and
selecting the insurance company and agent for the County’s
Casualty Insurance.
net cost after dividends
waiver of audits
rating basis for proposed coverage
insuring agreements
policy exclusions
warranties or mandatory conditions
coverage forms and special conditions
claims service and assistance record
of agent
ability and willingness of agent to
provide timely claims information on
paid losses and reserves
ability and willingness of agent to
coordinate and review loss control
activities of the County at no
additional cost
11. ability and willingness of agent to
provide quarterly loss runs for all
coverages
12. ability and willingness of the agent
to furnish premium allocations as
necessary
13. ability and willingness of agent to
provide continuous survey of market
for broadest coverage at most
competitive price
14. ability and willingness of agent to
aid in subrogation claims
15. ability and willingness of agent to
provide unlimited service regarding
insurance questions.
16. ability and willingness of agent to
obtain details concerning and type of
insurance coverage being considered
by the County
17. ability and willingness of agent to
review leases and rental agreements
to confirm insurance requirements as
requested
18. ability and willingness of agent to
furnish a toll free "800" or call
collect telephone number
19. ability and willingness of insurance
Xe) ONDOBWNE(o)