503
Mr. Spiggle stated that there are some people who are not going to sign no matter what you offer
them. Mr. Spiggle stated that the Board should be commended for offering the incentive,
because he has talked with some citizens on the Concord side that did not get any offer of
incentive and he feels that our citizens appreciate the Board offering this.
Mr. Conrad stated that out of all the citizens he had visited with Mr. Spiggle, he feels there are
about ten citizens that are not going to sign regardless of the incentive. Mr. Spiggle stated that
now they may have had some time to think about this and maybe some of them would change
their mind.
Mr. Roark stated that 80 percent of customers are what we are to attempt and would be ideal,
however we can operate with less. Mr. Roark stated that this is something the Board needs to
consider and what they are willing to offer as the next incentive while trying to achieve this goal.
Mr. Roark stated that this is not a decision that has to be made tonight, but it is something the
Board needs to consider and be prepared to set at a future meeting.
Mr. Cotulla stated that Hurt and Proffitt have been authorized to work on the water line and
pump station and at the last meeting the Board authorized additional funds for purchasing and
construction of the tank and while we go forward with grant funds we can go ahead with this
project. However, when Hurt & Proffitt stated that they did not have the tank site and design in
for the initial proposal, they asked the Board to authorize them to move forward with the design
of the tank and acquisition of the tank lot. The Board needs to decide on a location for the tank
so that it can be designed. Mr. Cotulla stated that when he goes to the Health Department in
May with design plans he would like to have the tank site and pump station site completed. Mr.
Cotulla stated that his suggestion would be to secure the tank site now. Mr. Cotulla stated that he
is looking for authorization from the Board for Hurt & Proffitt to move forward with the design
and acquisition of water tank site.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he would like to take advantage of bidding with the construction
community with the economy being the way it is now, since contractors are looking for work.
Mr. Dickerson stated that the County did not need a tank to serve customers along 460 at the
current state of one line and 51 customers, we would have sufficient water for them and there
will be sufficient water for fire flow providing that there is no fire in the Concord area to where
they have to cut the valve off and at that time the tank would serve as the backup.
Mr. Roark stated that the projection of water usage for 51 customers would be 10,000 gallons of
water. We would have a ten day supply if we were to have a 100,000 gallon tank.
Mr. Tanner stated that the amount of water used for a house fire is approximately 2000 gallons
and could possibly use up to 6000 gallons.
Mr. Roark stated that the decision on the tank and tank site will need to be made soon.