158
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any other comments regarding Petition
93-193. Hearing none and being no further petitions to consider, Mr.
Jamerson declared the Public Hearing closed at-y:53 P.M.
A recessed meeting and budget work session was held by the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors April 6, 1993 at 7:55 P.M. in the Board’s
meeting room adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office, Courthouse
Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District (late)
Also Present:
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:55
P.M.
Mr. Moore joined the meeting following the meeting of the Planning
Commission of which he is a member.
Mr. Rice informed the Board Mrs. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit
Court, could not join the meeting tonight: as planned because of recent
excess work required by the Courts. Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Rice to
arrange another mutually acceptable time to discuss Mrs. William’s
budget requests.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the budget request of the
School Board. A through review and lengthy discussion followed. At
the conclusion of the discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded
by Mrs. Beasley to request the School Board to revise and resubmit
their FY94 budget request for further review. The revised FY94 budget
request is to reflect anticipated County funding of $2,638,006.00.
Further, Mr. Torrence’s motion included the following recommendations
for the School Board’s budget:
1. no new position for the School Board’s administrative staff.
2. no salary supplement to Administrators for advanced degrees.
3. salary increases for the top ten (10) highest paid employees
be limited to 2% in Fy94.
4. all other employees’ salary increases remain as recommended by
the salary committee.