599
Mr. Carter made motion to hold a joint meeting with the Town Council on Tuesday, August 25"
at 7:00 p.m. at the Town Office. Mr. Craft seconded Mtr. Carter’s motion. Vice-Chairman
Tanner called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item #2 — Draft Zoning Ordinance and
explained that Mr. Roark had provided the Board with a draft zoning ordinance at a previous
meeting and is now asking if the Board had any questions concerning the information that had
been provided and also to see if the Board is ready to move forward with scheduling a public
hearing on the proposed ordinance. Vice-Chairman Tanner stated that if there are no concerns
staff is recommending scheduling a public hearing on the proposed amendments to the zoning
ordinance for August 17, 2009 at 6:15 p.m. at the Community Center.
Mr. Carter stated that he is not ready for this.
Mr. Roark stated that he is presenting two different items at the August 17" meeting which is
three amendments that had been presented at an earlier meeting. Mr. Roark asked about the
Boards feelings about a public hearing for the new zoning ordinance; and it was the consensus of
the Board to wait and give the Board more time to review this ordinance before scheduling a
public hearing.
Mr. Craft made a motion to schedule a public hearing on proposed amendments to the zoning
ordinance for August 17" at 6:15 p.m. at the Community Center. Mr. Carter seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Vice-Chairman Tanner called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item #3 — Library Board Vacancy and
explained that Dr. Morris, Library Director had notified Ms. Ferguson that Mrs. Morgan’s term
on the Library Board has expired and she is not willing to serve another term. Mrs. Morgan
represents the Falling River District.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Conrad does not have anyone in mind for this position and if
anyone knows of someone who would be interested, please have them contact Mr. Conrad and
also an application can be obtained at the County Administrator’s office.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item #4 —.VACo Annual Meeting and
explained the Annual Virginia Association of Counties meeting is scheduled for November 6-10
and explained that if any members of the Board are interested in attending to please let Ms.
Ferguson know so that registration and room reservations can be handled.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented Administrative Item #5 — Broadband Authority and stated that
the EDA at their July 27" meeting, were in agreement to recommend to the Board of Supervisors
that the Board apply for Tobacco Commission Funding to position the County to set up a
Broadband Authority. Mr. Tanner explained that if the application is successful, the Board is
recommended to take the initial steps to create the legal entity of the Authority under Virginia
law. Mr. Tanner explained that the EDA is requesting that the Board of Supervisors authorize
staff to submit an application to the Tobacco Commission’s Southside Economic Development