185
a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to continue with our present Health
Insurance carrier, Blue Cross Blue Shield at the same premium rate and
coverage as FY93. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
After discussion concerning the School Board’s budget request Dr.
Thomas was thanked and excused.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Charlie Peterson, Solid Waste
Administrator to appear before the Board to discuss landfill
activities. Mr. Peterson reported 1,170 tons of solid waste was
received inApril with gate charges of $14,873.00. Mr. Jamerson stated
that this does not reflect monthly billing for small users.
Mr. Peterson informed the Board of the purposed Surface Water Testing
Program of Department of Waste Management. Discussion followed. Mr.
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the Surface
Water Monitoring Plan for Appomattox County Landfill Permit #86 dated
April 27, 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. (A copy is on file in
the County Administrator’s Office.)
Mr. Peterson next discussed inspection procedures for acceptance of
solid waste being brought into the landfill. After discussion, the
Board by consensus supported Mr. Peterson’s procedure policy.
Mr. Peterson also discussed the regulations and procedure involved in
accepting asbestos roofing shingles. After considerable discussion Mr.
Carwile made a motion to support Mr. Peterson in his decision to refuse
asbestos shingles at the landfill, seconded by Mr. Torrence. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next Mr. Peterson informed the Board of the status of the Route 604
transfer site. He stated the site was ready for opening at the present
time. Mr. Peterson requested that the Board set a date to officially
open the site with an informal ceremony. The Board by consensus agreed
to hold the ceremony on Wednesday May 12, 1993 at 9:00 A.M.
Mr. Peterson’s next item for discussion was the status of the
construction at the Landfill. The leachate pond is ready for
operation. The construction is proceeding on schedule.
Mr. Peterson presented a request for payment from Mr. D. S. Nash for
work done to date. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley
to pay D. S. Nash Construction Co. $49,016.25 from Landfill Bond for
construction work done at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson entertained discussion on the proposed amendment to the
fee schedule in the Solid Waste Ordinance. Mr. Peterson expressed his
concern with the section of the present ordinance that allows a reduced
rate for bringing in 20 tires or more at one time. After considerable
discussion the Board chose to present proposed amended ordinance as