388
Mr. Overstreet, County Attorney stated that in his opinion when legislation
changed in 2003, the County would need to have an ordinance in place for these types of
request, have an application with various needed information and then the Board would
need to hold a public hearing and make a decision. Mr. Overstreet stated that at this time
the Board is not in any position to approve or disapprove this request.
Ms. Ferguson asked if she has the right to deny putting this item on the agenda at his
request.
Ms. Ferguson was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Reagan denying his request.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4- Refund request for building permit
fees and called for discussion.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve this refund request and Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman
Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #4A- VDOT Resolution and called for
discussion.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the Resolution on Stonewall Meadows Subdivision
Section III as presented. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft
called for discussion from the Board, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia held
on the 3" day of November 2008, it was duly moved and seconded that the following
Resolution be adopted:
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of
Transportation is hereby requested to add the street description below and on the attached
additions Form AM-4.3 to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System for
maintenance. The following subdivision road which has been constructed by the sub
divider as a Class “A” subdivision in accordance with the requirements of Section 33.1-
229, of the Code of Virginia, 1952, and The Virginia Department of Transportation’s
Subdivision Street Requirements, 1996, TO WIT:
STONEWALL MEADOWS SUBDIVISION, SECTION Il