418
volume and at times it is needed. Mr. Carter also stated that the County had purchased a sound
system for the purpose of the Board meetings to enhance the audibility. Mr. Carter stated thatthe County Administration Meeting Room is fine, but he feels the Community Center is moresuited for citizens to attend and it would better be for all to have all meeting in one meeting
place.
Mr. Tanner stated that he understood both sides of this discussion, however he is not opposed tokeeping the meeting places the same as we had in 2008.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is not opposed to keeping the meeting schedule the same as 2008 and
has not noticed having a meeting in the County Administration Meeting room when all seats
were utilized. Mr, Conrad stated that the meetings can be changed if the need arises.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to be on the proactive not reactive side of this discussion and
he would not like to wait until the room is full and then decide to move when we have ample
room at the Community Center.
Mr. Overstreet stated that you will have to give seven days notice of moving your location or
either start the meeting at the scheduled location and then move if the need arises.
Mr. Craft made a motion to adopt the meeting schedule as submitted which will keep the
meeting place on the first Monday of each month at the County Administration Building and the
third meeting of the month at the Community Center. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Craft’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, nay; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad next called for the setting of the Agenda. Ms. Ferguson stated that she had
one item to add to the agenda which will be an appearance by Mr. John Spencer who will give an
update on Region 2000 efforts to extend broadband through-out the region.
Mr. Carter stated that he would also like to add to the agenda Well Drilling from other
Government entities. Mr. Carter stated he would like the Board to discuss implementing an
ordinance on this issue.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the subject of Well Drilling from other Government Entities will be
Administrative Item #2A.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to back up to Instructing the Administrator and stated that he
would like to see a joint meeting of the EDA, Planning Commission and the Board of
Supervisors to discuss the planning and future of Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter also stated that he would like for the Board to start receiving copies of the EDA
minutes when they are distributed to their members.
Chairman Conrad called for anyone who would like to speak during the time allotted for public
comments. Having no one who wished to speak during public comment, Chairman Conrad