268
Mr. Tanner questioned that if a landowner had clear cut his property twenty years ago and
planted pines and let them grow and they are ready to be cut for logs in a few years, that as long
as he is in the forest category he does not have to show where he has sold a $1000.00 in timber.
Mr. Morelli stated that the $1000.00 is for the agriculture category.
Mr. Tanner also questioned that if a farmer who owns 300 acres and is old and retired and
leasing the farm to a neighbor who is farming the land, would this land still quality for land use?
Mr. Morelli stated absolutely, but the tenant would have to provide the documentation that there
is income being generated. He also stated that you must establish a five year history unless you
are expanding an existing operation.
Mr. Conrad asked if there was any advantage to an individual going into land use or conservation
easement. Mr. Morelli stated that there is considerable difference. A perpetual conservation
easement is restricted.
Mr. Conrad questioned what the tax breaks would be on conservation easement.
Mr. Morelli stated that the incentive tends to be the income tax break. Once you place the
easement on the property you are automatically in land use.
Chairman Craft called for further questions from the Board. Hearing none, Chairman Craft
thanked Mr. Morelli for coming and speaking with the Board.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Herbert Fleshman to appear before the Board.
Mr. Fleshman came forward and gave his address as 4603 Salem Road, Spout Spring, Virginia
24593. Mr. Fleshman stated that being a member of the Carver Price Alumni Association and
the Museum he wished to report to the Board some areas in the Museum that they consider a
safety hazard for senior citizens and handicapped citizens.
Mr. Fleshman stated that he is referring to the steps leading from the parking circle to the
sidewalk that leads to the front of the Museum and also a handicap ramp is needed to roll a
wheel chair up to Museum. Mr. Fleshman referred to “Section 8” of the lease pertaining to
repairs and safety hazards. Mr. Fleshman stated that he would like to know if the County is
responsible for making these repairs along with the cost or if the Alumina is responsible. Mr.
Fleshman requested that the Board review the lease and give them an answer after reviewing.
Chairman Craft thanked Mr. Fleshman and then presented Administrative item #1 Lessee’s
Authorizing Resolution for a new piece of equipment at the landfill.