Mrs. Audrey Wright came forward and gave her address as P. O. Box 313,
Appomattox, VA. Mrs. Wright stated that she shares many of the same
feelings that have been expressed by the other speakers. Ms. Wright
continued by saying that she would like to see the Board take full |
advantage of the resources made available to it by the ACTIONS
Committee. Mrs. Wright suggested that the Board challenge the ACTIONS
Committee to come up with the major portion of the funding needed for
the sports complex. Mrs. Wright felt that if this were done the Board
could use the resources at their disposal to meet the needs of a new
middle school.
Mr. Torrence thanked Mrs. Wright and asked if anyone else wished to
comment. Hearing no further comments the public hearing was closed at
6:50 P.M.
aN c <
& 9 wes o>, \ Ke *
Chairman
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board |
of Supervisors was held in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
Appomattox, Virginia on Monday, March 7, 1994 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson - Commonwealth Attorney
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Torrence, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and
asked Mr. Carwile to give the invocation.
Mr. Torrence asked if there were any additions or changes to the agenda.
Mrs. Ferguson asked that the Additional Items for Consideration be
added to the end of the agenda. Also, Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board
that Mrs. Lee would not be attending the meeting and requested her
concern be moved from item 7 on the agenda to item 21A.
Mr. Paulette asked that he be given an opportunity to comment on Region
2000.
Being no further changes or additions to the agenda, Mr. Torrence
called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Virginia Department of Transportation,
Resident Engineer, to appear before the Board.