361
Robinson
4) Construction Management Committee, Chairman Phillip Jamerson
Mr. Jamerson continued by giving tenative construction dates for the
various aspects of the construction.
After a general discussion, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr.
Jamerson.
Mr. Torrence asked if any member of the Board of Supervisors had
comments or concerns that they would like to address.
Mr. Carwile began by stating that he had been approached by citizens
questioning if the County was going to have a dog confinement period
this year. Mr. Carwile continued by saying that it appears that the
confinement period was left out of the revised code. Mr. Carwile would
like to see the confinement period be during Spring Gobbler Season.
Mr. Lawson, County Attorney will check into this and bring back to the
Board.
Mr. Carwile also asked that minutes, as corrected, be included in the
Board Book.
Mr. Torrence presented a request from the Health Department that Dr.
Joanna Harris be appointed to the Comprehensive Services Management
Team in place of Mrs. Patricia Beale. Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Paulette to appoint Dr. Joanna Harris to replace Mrs.
Patricia Beale on the Comprehensive Services Management Team. Vote:
Ms. Bealey, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye;
and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for funding from Crisis Line for the
remainder of FY94. After discussion, and considering other budget
obligations, the Board, by consensus, agreed to address this at budget
time.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request for funds for housing inmates in
other jails. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
approve a supplemental appropriation of $1,600.00 for housing inmates
in other facilities. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if the other Board members would be agreeable to
moving the Planning Commission recommendations up on the agenda so that
those present would not have to wait any longer for a decision.
Everyone being in agreement, Mrs. Ferguson read petition #94-213 of
John and Sue Ranson and Murrell and Alice Thomas for a conditional use
permit for expanding mobile home park by 14 lots. Property is zoned
A-1 and is located on Route 622 between Route 620 and Route 633. The
Planning Commission recommends disapproval.