295
asks the Board to please consider land use. Mr. Gaulden stated that he was speaking for his
father in law who was not able to be here to speak for his self.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Austin, Virginia Department of Transportation. Mr. Austin explained
that he would like to update the Board on the photo red light enforcement which is allowed and based on
population which would allow Appomattox County one photo red light. Mr. Austin stated that this would
not be an easy thing to do and personally he is not sure having a photo red light in the County would be
necessary.
Mr. Austin explained that the County would be responsible to pay for the studies that would need to be
done and also the County would have to pay for the photo red light and installation. Mr. Austin stated
that he wanted to make the Board aware that with the new legislation the red light photo is allowed if it
meets the criteria.
Mr. Austin stated that he had a final copy of the Six Year Plan with a few adjustments from the original
that was presented in February.
Mr. Austin explained that the upcoming year’s allocation will be $684,407 and originally was projected at
$8 or 9 hundred thousand during the public hearing. Mr. Austin stated that these figures have been going
up and down since that time.
Mr. Austin stated that the adjustments really did not have a huge impact on the overall plan other than
some projected construction dates. Mr. Austin stated that Route 608 has been put back into the plan.
Mr. Austin stated that the new regulations in Chapter 527 dealing with developments requiring traffic
impact studies from developers, is strictly recommendations from VDOT as to what the study tell you and
what improvements may be needed or impact that traffic would generate.
Mr. Austin handed out a summary sheet of what VDOT is going to be requiring.
Mr. Austin explained that VDOT would give the County the guidance that we would need and it would be
up to the County to say yes you must submit a traffic impact analysis.
Mr. Austin explained that beginning July 1, 2008 there will be new guidelines on roadways, particularly
primary routes, cross over space and commercial entrance space and traffic light space. Mr. Austin stated
that even though it begins July 1*, it will be phased which would apply to Route 460 and Route 60 in the
first phase. Mr. Austin also stated that VDOT usually installs entrance pipes for homeowners for free and
legislation has done away with this being free and starting July the entrance pipe on Route 460 or Route
60 it will have to be done themselves or pay VDOT to install, and eventually it will be for the entire
County.
Mr. Austin also stated that VDOT will be starting to pave Route 716 Pine Crest Lane. This will be the
only unpaved road that VDOT will start on this year.
Mr. Carter questioned that if Wal-Mart did come to Appomattox would the stop light on Route 460 have
to be reconstructed. Mr. Austin stated that a traffic impact analysis had been reviewed and there are some
tenitive plans which would include a traffic signal at the off ramp of Route 460 and the main entrance will