498
Whereas, the Board and members of the staff of Central Virginia Community Services continually strive to live upto the CVCS’ mission and values, including the CVCS’ motto “Quality Care.. Changes Lives!”
Now therefore, The Appomattox County Boards of Supervisors issues this proclamation in recognition of the 40"Anniversary of the Central Virginia Community Services and commends the Board and members of the staff fortheir continuous faithful service to the citizens of Region 2000; and
Directs that a copy of this proclamation sponsored by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors on April 6,2009, be transmitted to the Central Virginia Community Services agency.
Mr. Moore made a motion to adopt the proclamation acknowledging Central Virginia
Community Services Board for their service over the past 40 years. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Moore’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #3 — Department of Social Services; and
explained that Ms. Ferguson and Mr. Barry Elder, Social Services Director, have met conceming
a rental agreement and have determined that we are unable to enter into a memorandum of
understanding concerning the rent for the Social Services Department, due to some current ADA
mandates. Therefore Mr. Elder is proposing an alternative solution to paying rent that will not
require a MOU. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is recommending accepting Mr. Elder’s
proposal in lieu of rent. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept Mr. Elder’s proposal in lieu of rent. Mr. Carter seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Hearing no further discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote. Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye. (MOU on file in the
April 6, 2009 Board File) ;
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4 — Utility Project Matters and explained that
staff is requesting the Board to schedule a special called meeting to go over a number of matters
that have come up in the last month related to utilities. Chairman Conrad stated that staff is
requesting that this meeting be scheduled as soon as possible. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he needed some additional time to go over materials before the Board
meets,
Mr. Tanner made a motion to schedule a special called meeting on Monday, April 13, 2009 at
6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion,
hearing none, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5 — Joint meeting between the Board of
Supervisors, Planning Commission and the EDA and stated that Mr. Carter had requested a joint
meeting to enter into a visioning process for the County. Chairman Conrad stated there has been
some discussion concerning developing an agenda for this meeting. Chairman Conrad stated that
staff is recommending deciding on a date for this meeting and provide ideas for agenda items
that would be discussed by the group. Chairman Conrad asked if the Board would be interested