125
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s Meeting Room, Courthouse Square,
Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, February 8, 1993 at 7:00 P.M.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Nina Beasley, Falling River District:
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District:
Russell Moore, Piney Mountain District
Also Present:
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson, County Attorney (late)
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. ‘The
invocation was asked for and given by Supervisor Torrence.
Minutes for the Public Hearing of December 8, 1992; Special Meeting of
December 29, 1992; telephone poll of December 30, 1992; and regularly
scheduled monthly meeting of January 11, 1993 were presented for
approval, copies having been transmitted to members of the Board prior
to the meeting.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to dispense with the
reading of the minutes. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked if there were any corrections, comments, or
questions regarding any or all of the minutes. Mr. Rice explained the
$4,000.00 appropriated for public welfare should be listed and assigned
to category 5301 and the $1,874.00 appropriated for school textbooks
was actually appropriated at the January 11, 1993 Board Meeting.
Hearing no other comments, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to accept the minutes as corrected. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked to hear from Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Appomattox
Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of Transportation. Ms.
Lindsey reported she had recently received a copy of Virginia
Department of Transportation’s study and recommendations for the
highway trust fund allocation formula as required by SJR 188 of 1991.
Ms. Lindsey pointed out two (2) proposed changes that would affect
Appomattox county. The "threshold" for funding eligibility for unpaved
roads is recommended to be increased from 50 vehicles per day to 100
vehicles per day. Ms. Lindsey maintains this would eliminate
eligibility of nearly all of the unpaved roads in Appomattox County.
Also, the amount of money allocated for unpaved roads is proposed to be
reduced from 3% to 1 1/2% of the secondary road funds. Further, the
allocation formula for the secondary road funds would be weighted using
population as 88% and area as 12% of the determining factor. This is
currently weighted based 80% population and 20% area. And finally, Ms.
Lindsey pointed out the recommendation excludes projects from the six
(6) year plan until all donated rights-of-way have been obtained.