550
not develop a policy, and the board had the attitude that they were not going to grant any tax
exempt status. Mr. Overstreet stated that if this Board wants to change this decision, he would
suggest looking at other localities and their policies to give us a procedure to follow so that we
treat each organization the same when they make a request. Mr. Overstreet stated that this Board
needs to consider if they want to change this policy of not granting these exemptions and then if
they choose to do so, develop a policy.
Chairman Conrad called for other comments.
Mr. Carter questioned if the Board does change the policy, would this mean nothing would be
grandfathered in from 2004 until this date. Mr. Overstreet stated that we have not granted any
and Ms. Ferguson explained that we have only had one other request. Mr. Overstreet stated that
organization would be able to come back and ask again.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would like to send the board the memo that was given in 2004 and
then let the Board make a decision on what they would like to do.
It was the consensus of the board to take no action at this time.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #4- Appropriations Resolution for Fiscal Year
2010 and stated the Board would need to approve this resolution for Fiscal Year 2010.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to offer a motion to approve the Appropriation Resolution
FY2010 as presented, but with one change and that would be to move $84,000 from 1101-the
Board of Supervisors to 8105- Economic Development for salaries/wages and benefits.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Tanner stated that the Board had a room full of citizens tonight and not one of them is
against the position for economic development director. Mr. Tanner stated that he felt the Board
had taken on a bold project with the waterline, but we all know that it was necessary and also
goes in conjunction with this position for economic development director. Mr. Tanner stated that
you would only be adding $84,000 and that does not add anything to the tax rate it does not equal
to one cent in the tax rate. Mr. Tanner stated that this money is available and it is just a matter of
where we put it in the budget. Mr. Tanner stated that he is in support of making that change and
making the change tonight. Mr. Tanner stated that when the economy gets better we need to be
ready and have someone already with their feet on the ground and ready to go.
Chairman Conrad questioned if what he understood was correct which would be to move
$84,000 out of 1101 — Board of Supervisors to 8105 — Economic Development. Chairman
Conrad then called for other comments.
Mr. Craft stated that he did not have a problem with making this change but over the last two
years the Board has dipped into County reserve funds, $200,000 each year, and we have also
promised the school we would set aside money for capital projects in which we have not set
aside a dime yet and now here we are again this year having to dip into these funds again. Mr.
Craft stated that he is not against the economic development director position; however he feels