359
Mr. Carter questioned Ms. Henderson on how many applications have been received
for land use. Ms. Henderson stated that she has received, as of today, 86 applications.
Chairman Craft thanked Ms. Williams, Ms. Belter and Ms. Henderson for coming and stated that
the Board would consider their request later in the meeting.
Chairman Craft next called on Mr. Robert G. Mitchell, Mayor of Pamplin and his engineer who
come before the Board to request a fee waiver for the Pamplin sewer project.
Mr. Mitchell stated that he comes with drawings that were previously given to the Board along
with two letters that he hopes will answer any questions the Board may have.
Mr. Mitchell explained that Pamplin is in the process of executing a sewer project. Mr. Mitchell
explained that the purpose of the provided drawings is to enlist additional seven or eight
customers for the forthcoming project to and connect to the Town water system. Mr. Mitchell
stated that the reason for this is because the water has not gone beyond the Pamplin town limits,
but we are now capable of supplying the needs of these seven or eight customers which are
located in the County of Appomattox for water and sewer. Mr. Mitchell explained that what this
does for these citizens is solve a long standing run of difficulties with either their water or sewer
or both. Mr. Mitchell stated that there is also a mutual interest in this from the Town of
Pamplin’s stand point, which is they need more sewer customers for this project and this could
be a gain for both the customer and the Town of Pamplin.
Mr. Mitchell stated that is one of the reasons for being here would be to get permission to extend
the water and sewer lines to these customers who are actually out of Pamplin’s town limits. Mr.
Mitchell stated that all of these customers have pledged to pay for the cost of the water
extension. The sewer extension will be paid for by a grant that the Town will be receiving for
this project. Mr. Mitchell stated that he is also approaching the Board to request that they waive
the inspection fees for this portion of the sewer project that is located on the County.
Mr. Roark stated that State Code requires the Board to give permission to allow another
municipality to run utility lines into another jurisdiction. Mr. Roark stated that the
Comprehensive Plan does support this type of action as well as our Resource Conservation Plan
which was adopted about a year ago.
Mr. Roark stated that the sewer line goes through what is called a Section 2232 review (Code of
Virginia) which is a review by the Planning Commission that basically looks to see if it in
conformance with the Comprehensive Services Plan.
Mr. Roark stated that the second part of Mr. Mitchell’s request is for the Board to waive the
connection inspection fee which equals to approximately $100 per home with approximately 42
homes involved.