486
Present: Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Chairman - Falling River District
Mr. Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Mr. William H. Craft -Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Mr. Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Conrad called the special called meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors to order at 6:00 p.m. and called on Mr. Earl Dickerson to come and speak with the
Board of Supervisors on the Route 460 Waterline project.
Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Spigegle for the hard work that he had put forth towards the Route
460 water line project.
Mr. Dickerson then came forward and introduced Mr. Shannon Petiola who has also been
working with the water line project.
Mr. Dickerson stated that we have 52 percent of the available businesses and homes to commit to
the waterline and the requirement by the Health Department is to have 51%. Mr. Dickerson
stated that 40 homes and 11 businesses have committed. Mr. Dickerson stated that we cannot
stop at the 51% the Health Department would like us to keep trying to get 80% commitment
which would make the waterline more feasible.
Mr. Dickerson stated that he is finished with the application and he will make the deadline as
requested by the Health Department.
Mr. Dickerson gave a summary of what is included within the application that will be submitted
to the Health Department.
Mr. Dickerson stated that the interest rate as of now is 3% from Virginia Resource Authority
Funding and Dale Kitchen, engineer with the Health department in Lexington had called and
told him to figure at 3% for 20 years and no longer than 30 years in terms of payback. Mr.
Dickerson stated that the interest rate for Rural Development is 2.75% and their term is 40 years
as a fixed rate.
Mr. Dickerson stated that several scenarios have been looked into as far as getting the water from
Campbell County to the end of the line. He stated that they are trying to do this with the least
amount of hardware and infrastructure.
Mr. Dickerson stated that after meeting with Campbell County this week he found that they have
some of the same issues as we do such as needing customers within their Concord area, because
they have a 300 thousand gallon tank and not enough customer base to turn the tank over plus the