335
roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the Informational items and hearing no discussion adjourned
the meeting in order to hold a joint public hearing with the Planning Commission.
At 7:10 p.m. Chairman Craft reconvened the regular scheduled meeting and called for
supervisor concerns.
Mr. Tanner stated that due to drought conditions, it would soon be severe fire conditions
and asked Mr. Marvin Hamlett if he would include an article in the Times Virginian this
coming week cautioning citizens to please be careful.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would also ask Mr. Wingfield to check with the Forestry
department and report conditions to the Board at next meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to congratulate the Lions Club on a great community
event and stated that he had heard all good reports.
Mr. Craft stated that he attended the meeting last week on land conservation and he does
not feel the county will have any problems with this.
Chairman Craft called for other discussion that the Board may have.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he wanted to update the Board on the reassessment appeal
regarding Mr. McClenny. Mr. Overstreet stated that Mr. McClenny is going to pursue his
appeal of his reassessment and he would be scheduling a date with Judge Blanton and
once that is done he would report back to the Board. Mr. Overstreet also stated that an
agreement had been worked out with Mr. Terry and it would be settled though a court
order.
Mr. Carter questioned if a replacement had been hired for the CSA Position. Ms.
Ferguson stated that interviews had been completed and she would be interviewing one
of the applicants again this week. Ms. Ferguson stated that she would keep the Board
aware when this position is filled.
Chairman Craft presented the upcoming meetings.
Chairman Craft called for other discussion the Board may have. Hearing none, Mr.
Tanner made a motion to adjourn the meeting at 7:16 p.m. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. The meeting adjourned at 7:16 p.m.
bbiledieWilham H.Craft, Chairman