423
Mr. Conrad stated that we are all aware of the extreme budget decisions that are going to need to
be made this year and we all knew this was coming, however, he feels that this water line is
something that needs to be placed at the top of our priority list. Mr. Conrad stated that we need
to make this happen as soon as possible.
Mr. Moore stated that he is in agreement with Mr. Conrad’s statement.
Mr. Carter stated that he agrees with this statement and also along with that statement he feels
that the economic development coordinator goes hand in hand with this.
Mr. Tanner stated that he agrees with both of these statements and they both go hand in hand and
he hopes the Town will join in but if not the Board will need to go forward with this water line
project.
Mr. Craft stated that we are committed to Campbell County and we have got to do something.
Chairman Conrad stated that the next item would be to enter into a closed session in accordance
with Section 2.2-3711(A)(3) Code of Virginia: Acquisition and disposition of property.
Mr. Overstreet added the property identification as a four acre tract which is adjoining the
property the Town has agreed to purchase for the Historical Museum of the Confederacy.
Mr. Craft made a motion to enter into closed session at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr.
Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion to return to open session and enter back into the regular meeting at
8:05 p.m. Mr, Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Hearing no discussion, Chairman Conrad
called for a vote; Mr, Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Chairman Conrad read the certification motion for the Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3712 (D) of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the
closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.