246
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Ann Lawson to attend the
Virginia Recreation & Park Society 1993 Annual Conference. Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve for Mrs. Lawson td
attend the Annual Park & Recreation Society Convention. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; anc
Mr. Torrence, aye.
A request from Mr. Richard Martin, Director of Social Services
Department, was presented next. Mr. Martin requests Ms. Regina Trent
Office Manager, Department of Social Services, be appointed Fiscal
Agent, to replace Gordon Rice, on the Comprehensive Services Committee
Policy and Management Team. After discussion Mr. Torrence made a
motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to appoint Ms. Regina Trent as Fiscal
Agent for the Comprehensive Services Community Policy and Management
Team. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye
Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson next presented a request from Virginia Associatior
Resource Conservation and Development Council for a resolution of
support for the dry fire hydrant program. On a motion by Mr. Torrence
seconded by Mrs. Beasley the following resolution was adopted:
RESOLUTION REGARDING DRY HYDRANTS
WHEREAS, a dry hydrant is a nonpressurized pipe system that is
installed in an existing lake, pond or stream to provide an easily
accessible source of year-round water for firefighting; and
WHEREAS, with installation of dry fire hydrants, homeowners and
property owners would receive improved fire protection that would
reduce loss of life and property; and
WHEREAS, promoting security and safety in rural areas economi¢
development is encouraged; and
WHEREAS, dry hydrants save fuel and time during firefighting; and
WHEREAS, water conservation is increased by Fire Department
utilizing dry hydrants which reduces the volume of pressurized an¢
purified town water that is used; and
‘Qr=i
WHEREAS, the General assembly passed legislation in 1992 whict
requested a plan be developed that identified the needed network of dry
hydrant sites in the Commonwealth; and
=
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Forestry completed ar
inventory that documented the need for 3,678 dry hydrant installations
at an estimated cost of $7.3 million; and
WHEREAS, the state appropriated funds to be spent in FY 1993 and
FY 1994 to initiate a demonstration program which provided cost sharé
monies to fire departments to install dry hydrants;
i