42h
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Mr. Torrence called the meeting to order and welcomed Mr. Don
Thornhill, Cabell Insurance.
Mr. Thornhill began a presentation on the financial responsibility for
Underground Storage Tanks.
Mr. Thornhill gave a very informative presentation on financial
responsibility and suggested several alternatives for meeting the
required responsibility.
After questions and discussion, Mr. Thornhill agreed to prepare a quote
for insurance coverage for County owned tanks.
uh
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to enter into
executive session to discuss a legal matter at 7:20 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Paulette, seconded by Mr. Moore, it was resolved thi
Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 7:46 P.M. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Paulette, aye.
©
On a motion by Mr. Paulette seconded by Ms. Beasley, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedo
of Information Act; and
=
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence next called Dr. Jack Thomas, Superintendent of School, to
appear before the Board.
Dr. Thomas began by giving an overview of the School Boards FY95 budget
request.