351
Mr. Torrence asked that Mr. Fred Kruschwitz be invited to the February
1994 meeting to discuss the ACTIONS Committee’s fund raising efforts on
behalf of the proposed athletic complex.
Mr. Torrence presented a letter from Sheriff Richardson requesting
Phase 1B of the architects drawing be considered for Jail expansion.
Sheriff Richardson stated that the $300,000 approved by the Board was
not sufficient for the needs at the jail.
After a lengthy discussion, the Board requested Mrs. Ferguson set up a
meeting on February 18, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse with
Sheriff Richardson, Chief Jailer Godsey, Sandy Pierce, Engineer and the
Board of Supervisors to discuss this option.
Mr. Torrence next presented a request from Mr. Abernathy to replace the
heat pump in the jail-dispatch office. After discussion, Mr. Carwile
made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to purchase a heat pump from
Graver Refrigeration for $795.47 with installation by Joe Coflin for
$75.00-$80.00. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Central Piedmont Private Industry Council
is requesting to know if the County intends to operate a summer youth
program for FY94. After discussion, Mr. Torrence agreed to discuss
this with Ms. Shores at their meeting on January 13, 1994 and report
back to the Board.
Mr. Torrence next presented a request for a resolution of support for
the United Way from Mrs. Laura McClenny. After discussion, it was
agreed that Mrs. Ferguson would attend the Extension Leadership Council
meeting on January 31st and bring the Board more information at the
February meeting.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to adjourn until
January 18, 1994 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse. Vote: Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and the Appomattox County Planning Commission was held February 1, 1994
at 7:30 P.M. at the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Present (Planning Commission):