398
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda as submitted. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for discussion, hearing none,
Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the Information Items and called for discussion.
Hearing no discussion of the Information Items, Chairman Craft called for Supervisor
Concems.
Mr. Tanner stated that he had given the Board some information from the News &
Advance on an article from 1949 on Transco’s natural gas line.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like each of the Board members to continue to embrace
the Economic Development Coordinator as it is so needed by this county to ease this tax
burden on citizens. Mr. Carter stated that the Federal Government is giving stimulus
packages and we also need to do the same to a coordinator who will give 100% of their
time to economic development. Mr. Carter stated that we are the only locality that does
not have a coordinator in place. Mr. Carter stated that this is our future and vision for
Appomattox County.
Mr. Conrad stated that in the Board book there is a brochure on government deals and
feels that this is something that the Board should pay close attention to. Mr. Conrad
stated that there is probably a lot of surplus equipment that is sitting around in the
County. There are people who can use these things. Mr. Conrad stated we need to get
every penny we can get. Mr. Conrad stated that we can advertise under the
www.govideals.com. Mr. Conrad stated that all offices may have things that we can get
rid of but also get some funds for it. Mr. Conrad stated that we as a Board should
encourage everyone to start looking at this option.
Mr. Craft stated that he had received a call from a resident who had went to the mailbox
with his daughter and someone shot standing along the road, he stated that he called the
game warden and was told that there was nothing he could do, since Appomattox County
does not have an ordinance to prevent this.
Chairman Craft reminded everyone of the joint meeting with the School Board which
will be on Tuesday, December 2, 2008 at the County Administrators office.
Chairman Craft presented the upcoming meetings.
Chairman Craft called for other business, hearing none; Mr. Carter made a motion to
adjourn the meeting at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman
Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye.