302
Mr. Torrence amended his motion to add that the checks would be sign
like any County check. VOTE: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Moore, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson explained that the Board was running a little ahead
schedule and that the ACTIONS Committee was in another meeting unt
8:00 P.M. He suggested that they begin consideration of
Administrative items.
With the agreement of the other Board members Mr. Jamerson read
first item for discussion, engineering information from Hurt
Proffitt.
Mr. Carwile stated that he feels Mr. Dickerson has given the Board
through breakdown of the engineering fees at the landfill. Mr. Carwi
stated that his concern was that the engineering fees have exceed
projections in the 10 year development plan. Mr. Carwile continued
stating that Mr. Dickerson’s figures had substantiated his suspiciol
and that it appears that the actual figures exceed projections
$62,400.00 at this point. Mr. Carwile pointed out that the ten (1
year plan carries the County through 1996 and we are only in 199
which leaves another unpaid projection of $22,500.00. Mr. Carwile sa
that Mr. Dickerson has given explanation that other things we
involved that were not included in the ten (10) year projection.
Mr. Jamerson said that he agreed with Mr. Carwile’s assessment that
County has overspent the projected engineering fees, but that in
overall projections we were considerably under.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was just interested in being brought up
date on this matter and he assumes that looking at the projections fr
1994 to 1996, $22,500.00 is still going to be necessary to be spent.
Mr. Jamerson answered that he would anticipate that there are sti
expenses to be incurred. He mentioned the closure, monitoring well
etc.
Mr. Jamerson introduced the next item for discussion, parking at
Courthouse. Mr. Jamerson explained that Mr. Abernathy had suggest
having a light pole moved and a tree removed, along the wall next
the Sheriff’s Department. If this were done and one-way traffic
allowed through the alley, we could pick up a number of parking spa
next to the brick wall.
Mr. Jamerson said that he has spoken to a representative of Virgin
Power and the estimate for moving the pole would not exceed $750.00.
Mr. Jamerson suggested, if the other Board members were in agreemen
that Mr. Abernathy look into the cost of preparing this area f
parking and report back to the Board.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have
Abernathy research the cost of preparing the area along the brick wa
for parking and report to the Board at the December meeting. Vote:
Oe lm)0joroO as NM UN ewooWoo mo
tL