391
Mr. Torrence called Mrs. Sandra Lindsay, Virginia Department of
Transportation, Resident Engineer, to appear before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay asked if anyone had any additional questions from the March
7, 1994 meeting concerning the County Primary and Secondary Road Fund
(Revenue Sharing Program) .
Ms. Ferguson asked if the County did not apply for funds this year
would they be allowed to apply in the future?
Ms. Lindsay stated that the Revenue Sharing funds were available each
year and that they recently increased what was available statewide.
Ms. Lindsay also stated that you do not always receive funding even
when you apply, because the applications are screened on a priority
basis.
Mrs. Ferguson also asked if these funds could be used to construct an
access road into an industrial site?
Ms. Lindsay stated that these funds could not be used for this purpose
but that funds were available from another fund that the County could
use for this purpose. Ms. Lindsay continued by saying that these
industrial access funds could be requested at any time throughout the
year.
Mr. Torrence asked if Ms. Lindsay had anything else to discuss with the
Board.
Ms. Lindsay mentioned that the spring secondary road public hearing has
been scheduled for April 26, 1994 at 6:30 P.M. if this date is okay
with the Board.
Mr. Torrence informed the Board that the road viewers serve for a one
(1) year term, therefore, they would have to be reappointed, if the
Board wished to ask the same ones who served last year.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to reappoint Mr.
Claude Allen Moore, Mrs. V. O. Mims and Mr. John Ranson, Sr., as road
viewers for 1994, if they are willing to serve. Vote: Mr. Torrence,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence then asked Ms. Lindsay the status of the project on Route
701.
Ms. Lindsay explained that the project would be completed within the
next fiscal year.
Mr. Torrence explained that in order to make necessary improvements to
this road the Park Service needs to donate additional right-of-way
which they have been reluctant to do. Mr. Torrence continued by asking
the Board of Supervisors to pass a resolution requesting the Park
Service give this additional right-of-way. Mr. Torrence also presented
a letter, which he had drafted, from the Board to Mr. Montgomery, and