332
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next presented a request from the School Board for||a
resolution to borrow from the VPSA. Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County School Board needs $1,000,000
which $300,000 will be used to renovate Appomattox Middle School, and
to purchase mobile units for Appomattox Elementary School and $700,0
to construct athletic complex, and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County School Board is eligible to receive
financing for this construction through the Virginia Public Scho
Authority 1994 Interest Rate Subsidy Program, and
rat
©
Ee
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox County Board jof
Supervisors that the Division Superintendent of Appomattox Count
Schools is authorized to file on behalf of the school board an
application to participate in the VPSA 1994 Interest Rate Subsidy
Program to finance the renovation of Appomattox Middle School.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ke
Being no further business the meeting was ourned.
Cha.iisman
A joint meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox County School Board was held December 16, 1993 at 6:00 P.
in the conference room, School Board Office, Court Street, Appomatto
Virginia.
x Ss
Members Present (Appomattox County Board of Supervisors):
Mr. William E. Jamerson - Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Members Present (School Board):
Dr. Richard Poe
Ms. Ora McCoy