9. All equipment should be properly stored in the equipment room.
All equipment should be placed on shelves or hung up.
The Appomattox County Recreation Department nor the County of
Appomattox will be responsible for any equipment stored in any
building at the Appomattox County Ball Park.
10. All buildings such as concession, press box, equipment room, and
bath rooms should be left clean and orderly at all times.
Concession must be left clean at all times. The concession is to
be used for food items only. No sports equipment, uniforms, or
lawn equipment should be stored inside of the concession
building. A $50.00 deposit fee will be charge to insure all
property is left as found. The deposit will be returned after the
property is inspected by the Recreation Department.
11. Parents, League Officials, Coaches, Applicant(s) and other adults
are to maintain reasonable control over children to insure their
safety and protect the County’s property from damage or abuse.
12. A fee of $50.00 per day is charged for maintenance of the field
during tournament play.
13. Applicant(s) must furnish proof of insurance. Appomattox County
and Appomattox County Recreation Department accepts no
responsibility or liability for injuries or damage to individuals
or personal property when field is being used. The individual
group assumes this responsibility.
Having read and agreed to the terms and conditions for use of the
Appomattox County Ball Field, application is hereby being made for the
use of the field by:
(Name of League, Organization, or Club)
This application is being made for use of the field for:
Date:
Time:
Day(s) of Week:
Signature of Responsible Party:
Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette,
aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Lawson asked the Board if the Advisory Committee could have an
account with Mrs. Belter to deposit funds raised for the ballpark.
After discussion Mr. Carwile suggested that the Board look into this
matter and make a decision at a later date.