263
On Monday, May 19, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Public Hearing at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Park Lane, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Present: Board of Supervisors
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer— Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attomey
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the Public Hearing to order at 6:00 p.m. and explained that the purpose of
this public hearing would be to receive public comment on amending Section 15-4 District
Boundaries and Polling Place of the County Code.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Fred Underwood, Electoral Board to come forward and explain
this ordinance change. Mr. Underwood gave a brief demonstration on the usage of the voting
machine which will be equipped for use by the handicapped. Mr. Underwood explained that the
State has mandated that every county must have at least one of these machines. Mr. Underwood
explained that all of the voting machines that Appomattox County presently own have this
capability, however we must use each of them during the general election. Mr. Underwood
stated that it is mandated that this machine must be available for absentee voting. He feels the
best solution would be to have a machine set up for a central absentee precinct. Mr. Underwood
explained that this would be the tenth precinct which would be called the central absentee
precinct.
Mr. Tanner asked if there would be advertisement of this and Ms. Smith and Mr. Underwood
explained that there would really be no change, everyone would still come to the Registrar
office.
Mr. Conrad questioned that there would be one additional precinct that would take care of all the
precincts for absentee voting and will stand on it own when counting.
Chairman Craft called for citizen comments or questions. Hearing no comments from citizens,
Chairman Craft closed the Public Hearing at 6:06 p.m.
LLL LH
William H. raft, Chairgtan