BOT
Mr. Torrence said that he was concerned about spending more than the
County could afford to pay back.
Mr. Moore stated that in his opinion Sheriff Richardson was doing a
good job and that he is not against jail expansion. Mr. Moore stated
that his concern was how we could finance this project.
Mr. Torrence thanked the Sheriff and his staff and Mr. Pearce for their
time and efforts in presenting the information on the jail project.
Mr. Torrence asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would present the other items
for consideration.
Mrs. Ferguson first presented a request from Old Dominion Appraisal
Company for 1/4 of his contract price to be paid on April 1, 1994.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the contract states that the first payment
is due July 1, 1994. After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion that
the Board hold to the contract with Old Dominion Appraisal Company and
make the first payment on July 1, 1994. Mr. Paulette seconded the
motion. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a budget request for the reassessment from
January 1994 through June 1994 in the amount of $9,839.05. Mrs.
Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the FY94 budget
for reassessment in the amount of $9,839.05. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence,
aye.
Mrs. Ferguson made a request for $1500.00 to join a coalition with
other localities to hire McGuire, Woods, Battle and Booth, law firm, to
negotiate with the Department of Environmental Quality on the
requirements of ground water monitoring at landfills. After
discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to join
the coalition of localities to negotiate the requirements for ground
water monitoring with the Department of Environmental Quality at a cost
of $1500.00. Vote: Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson also informed the Board that there would be a meeting at
Cedar Street Restaurant in Lynchburg, with other localities, to discuss
the regional jail concept. Mrs. Ferguson asked for permission to
attend this meeting.
By consensus, the Board agreed that this meeting would be worthwhile
for Mrs. Ferguson to attend.
Being no further business the Board, by consensus, adjourned at 10:00
P.M. until February 5, 1994 at 9:00 A.M.
Chairman