Til.
IV.
VIL.
411
b) Coordinate the procurement process of qualified individual or firm to provide engineering,
design, and potential future construction oversight services as required by the Grant,
c) Serve as primary point of contact for any and all necessary Local, State, and Federal
Agencies during Grant implementation;
d) Ensure that all easement development, transfer and/or purchase documentation, and Right of
Way documentation is developed according to VDOT regulations;
e) Ensure that the project is in compliance with all applicable VDOT grant regulations;
f) Provide periodic project status reports to Appomattox County, VDOT, and any other
necessary parties;
g) Coordinate and record all project meetings; and
h) Ensure that the Grant project deliverable, the development of construction bid documents for
VDOT approval, are completed.
JOINT RESPONSIBILITIES
Representative of the County, Local Government Council, and the County’s duly procured
individual or firm shall work together to undertake design and engineering activities necessary to
develop a bid package that will be approved by VDOT and will be in a format to secure the future
services of a qualified contractor(s) to construct a minimum ten-foot wide multiuse trail.
COUNTY RESPONSIBILITIES
The activities of the Local Government Council for the Enhancement Grant Funding shall be
conducted with oversight by the County. Further, the County shall provide all necessary
authoritative responsibilities that include, but not limited to:
a) Designate individuals for signing and maintaining checks, drawdown’s, and general
accounting records; and
b) Obtain legal services for the review of contracts, easement documents, and other legal
documents as necessary.
FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENTS
For services performed in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Local Government
Council shall bill the County $5,630.00 as noted within the Enhancement Application Budget, and
said sum shall be paid to the Local Government Council in accordance with said Budget.
COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL AND STATE RULES AND REGULATIONS
All activities specified in the Agreement shall be performed by the Local Government Council and
the County in conformance with all applicable state and federal laws and regulations.
RETENTION OF PROJECT RECORDS
Local Government Council shall maintain all project documents, papers, accounting records, and
any other evidence pertaining to project costs inquired. All information shall be made available at
the Local Government Council office and shall be available with reasonable notice for inspection
and audit by any authorized County representative for a period of three (3) years from the date of
final payment from County to Local Government Council.
VILL. STATUS OF PROJECT DOCUMENTS