col
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(11) only such executive meeting were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye: Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to offically accept
Gordon L. Rice’s resignation dated June 24, 1993. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Aileen T.
Ferguson as Interim County Administrator with use of the County car.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to adjourn until July 12, 1993 at 6:45 P.M. Vote: Mr. Jamerson,
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Torrence, aye.
A Public Hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was hell
July 12, 1993 at 6:45 P.M. in the Boards meeting room, adjacent to th
Circuit Court Clerk’s Office, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
D0 Q,
Present:
Mr. W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Mrs. Nina B. Beasley, Falling River District
Mr. Frank W. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Mr. Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present: Mrs. Aileen T. Ferguson, Interim County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the Public Hearing to order at 6:55
P. M. Mr. Jamerson stated the purpose of the hearing was to receil
public comment concerning applicants for two (2) grants through the
Transportation Enchancement Program.