ela
Mr. Carwile stated that he has spoken with the owners of property in
the area where Mr. Arrington owns property (R-1). There is nothing but
mobile homes or double-wides and it is the consensus and feeling of the
people in that area, because it is Agricultural on all sides of them
that they would like to see it zoned Agricultural by the Board. Mr
Carwile stated that he spoke at the Public Hearing and asked the
Planning Commission give the Board their feelings on rezoning this
property to A-1. Mrs. Ferguson was directed to take Mr. Carwile’s
request to the Planning Commission for their comments.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Monte Mays, Commissioner of
Revenue, to attend VALECO meeting. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by
Mrs. Beasley to approve Mr. Mays request to attend the VALECO meeting.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Monte Mays for the Board tq
purchase a new telephone system for his office. In light of the report
from the Central Purchasing Committee the Board by consensus, tabled
this matter for further study.
A request from Halifax County Board of Supervisors for a Resolution
concerning taxes on tobacco products was tabled.
Mr. Torrence presented a bid to trim the pecan tree behind the School
Board Office. Mr. Torrence made a motion that the Board accept the bid
in the amount of $895.00 to trim the pecan tree. The motion died for
lack of a second.
Mr. Jamerson brought up the Proposed Noise Ordinance and Proposed
Semi-Annual Collection of Real Estate Taxes Ordinance for discussion
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence tq
adopt the following ordinances:
ARTICLE XVII
SEMI-ANNUAL COLLECTION OF REAL ESTATE TAXES
Authority: 1950 Code of Virginia, as amended (1993)
147-45 Taxes due and owing to the County assessed for any year on
real estate, shall be due and payable in equal installments
on the 5th day of June and the 5th day of December of the
year the tax is assessed. On all such taxes remaining unpaid
on the day after such tax due date there shall be added a
penalty of ten (10) percent of the installment then due or
ten dollars ($10.00), whichever is greater, which penalty
shall become a part of said tax; together with interest
thereon at a rate of ten (10) percent per annun, which
interest shall begin on the day after such tax is due.
147-46 If any part, subsection, sentence, clause or phrase of this