Lif
use the site for mobile home rental now or in the future and that his
son will only live there until they are financially able to move.
After Mr. Whitmer concluded, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from anyone
else favoring the petition. Hearing no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to
hear from anyone opposing the petition. Hearing no response, Mr.
Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read Petition 93-192 of Mr. Timothy A. McFadden. Mr.
McFadden is seeking a Conditional Use Permit to operate a small engine
repair business in an existing accessory building on his home’s
property located on Route 689 between Route 460 and Route 647. The
property is zoned R-1.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from those favoring the Petition. From the
audience Mr. McFadden rose and identifiecl himself. Mr. McFadden stated
he intended to repair small engines at his home to supplement his
Social Security income. Mr. McFadden also pointed out the surroundings
of his property and explained there was no opposition to his proposal
from his neighbors.
After Mr. McFadden concluded, Mr. Jamerson asked to hear from anyone
else favoring the petition. Hearing no response, Mr. Jamerson asked to
hear from those opposing the petition. Hearing no response, Mr.
Jamerson asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition 93-193 of Mr. Jeff Carwile. Mr. Carwile is
seeking a variance to paragraph 701.02-1 and Conditional Zoning to
permit the erection of a mobile home to replace a single family home
destroyed by fire on property he recently purchased on Route 26 between
Route 677 and Route 1029. The property is zoned R-1 and consists of
0.459 acres.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear comments regarding this petition. Mr. James
Stevens spoke stating he had given the property to the former owner,
Mr. West, and that the lot was too small for the septic tank
drainfield. In fact, Mr. Stevens pointecl out, the drainfield was
partially on his property.
Mr. Jeff Carwile spoke next and informed the Board he had recently
purchased the property from Virginia Housing Authority which included
the well and septic system. Mr. Carwile pointed out he only recently
because aware the drainfield encroached onto Mr. Stevens property and
that this was a legal matter and not a zoning consideration. Mr.
Carwile assured the Boards he would resolve the drainfield encroachment
issue.
Mr. Rice informed the Boards he had received a telephone call from Mrs.
Viola Mayberry, a neighbor, who expressecl her opposition to replacing
the burned home with a mobile home. Also, Mrs. Mayberry had informed
Mr. Rice she was unable to attend the public hearing because of her
poor health.