352
Al Sears
David Bailey
Deborah Chernault
R. W. "Bobby" Mitchell
Claude Allen Moore
Calvin Tanner
Charles Smith
Absent (Planning Commission):
Wayne Lewis
Philip Mobley
Also Present:
W. M. Caldwell, Clerk Planning Commission
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Having been duly advertised, the Public Hearing was called to order at
7:30 P.M., Mr. Torrence, Chairman, Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, presiding.
Mr. Torrence stated the purpose of the hearing and the proper procedur!
to follow in order to be heard.
00)
Mr. Torrence then asked Bill Caldwell to read the first petition.
SoMr. Caldwell read petition 94-213 for John & Sue Ranson and Murrell ark
Alice Thomas for a Conditional Use Permit for expanding mobile home
park by 14 lots. Property is zoned A-1 and is located on Route 622
between Route 620 and Route 633.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mr. or Mrs. Ranson or Mr. or Mrs. Thomas would
like to make any comments concerning this request.
Mr. Murrell Thomas came forward and gave his address as Pamplin,
Virginia. Mr. Thomas thanked the Board for an opportunity to speak ani
began by stating that he runs a nice mobile home park and that he has
complied with all regulations concerning mobile home parks. Mr. Thoma
owns three (3) mobile home parks in the County and the need for more i
apparent. Mr. Thomas finished by saying that he would like to reserve)
the right to speak later.
acomm}
Mr. Torrence asked if there was anyone who would like to speak in favor
of this request. Hearing none, he asked if there was anyone opposed
who wished to speak.
Mr. Bill Woody came forward and gave his address as Pamplin, Virginia.
Mr. Woody began by stating that he built his residence in this
neighborhood in 1972. Mr. Woody continued by saying that since the
mobile homes have been installed the neighborhood has gone down. Mr.
Woody does not want to see any more mobile homes placed in this
neighborhood. Mr. Woody told the Board and the Planning Commission
that he would appreciate anything they could do to keep this a good,
clean neighborhood. Mr. Woody presented the Board with a petition