353
signed by the neighbors opposing this conditional use. (Petition is on
file in the February 1994 Board file).
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Woody and asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. E. C. Childress came forward and stated that he lives on Route
622. Mr. Childress continued by saying that there were already
eighteen (18) mobile homes on one side of his property, thirteen (13)
on the north side of his lot and fourteen (14) more proposed on the
east side, which would surround his property with mobile homes. Mr.
Childress feels that there are enough mobile homes on this road now.
Mr. Childress said that he can’t sleep due to noise, music, and motors
racing, coming from the mobile homes that are already there. Mr.
Childress continued by saying that Mr. Ranson did not live in this
neighborhood, so therefore, he did not know what went on. Mr.
Childress concluded by saying that he is opposed to this request and
would like to present a petition signed by elderly people who live in
this area and were unable to attend the public hearing. (Petition is on
file in the February 1994 Board file).
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Childress and recognized Mr. Charlie Ranson.
Mr. Ranson stated his address as Pamplin, Virginia. Mr. Ranson said
that his mains reason for opposing this conditional use application ar
depreciation of property values, increased crime and traffic, anda
trash problem. Mr. Ranson also stated that his seventeen (17) year old
daughter was afraid to walk on their road anymore due to the mobile
home park residents. Mr. Ranson again stated that he was opposed to
this application.
©
Mr. Torrence thanked Mr. Ranson and recognized Mr. Albert Harvey.
Mr. Harvey began by saying that his wife and her mother own a small
farm joining this tract of land. Mr. Harvey stated that he, his wife
and his mother-in-law strongly oppose this conditional use request.
Mr. Harvey does not feel that this would be good for the community in
any way. Mr. Harvey request that the Planning Commission consider
looking at this request from the standpoint of the neighbors in the
community. Would the Planning Commission members want a mobile home
court of this size where they live? Mr. Harvey concluded that this is
something that is not needed and would not be good for their community
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Torrence recognized Mr. Murrell Thomas and informed him that he
would be allowed to speak to address concerns of the neighbors only.
Mr. Thomas presented the Board with copies of the tax maps that showed
where houses are located in relation to his mobile home park. He
stated that one of the speakers had said that there were problems
associated with his mobile home park. Mr. Thomas said that he was
unaware of any problems but would like to know the nature of these
problems so he could take care of them. Mr. Thomas addressed