266
RECOMMENDATIONS :
ds
CONCLUSION: We have enjoyed being a part of this process and wish t
commend the Constitutional Officers and Department Heads for the
A) County vehicles might be able to be serviced at the
school bus shop on a contractural arrangement that
would produce dollar savings instead of having them
washed, repaired, etc., at local service stations.
B) The Appomattox County School Board utilizes a
consolidated annual service contract for maintenance
on office equipment. Other county offices could
participate in this annual bidding process.
C) Appomattox County could solicit bids from office
supply firms to competitively bid on providing
and delivering office supplies to the various
offices.
D) Appomattox County could enter a service contract
for all HVAC equipment in County Buildings (in-
cluding school system). This could produce savings
instead of the normal practice of calling whoever
is available to come and fix when broken. A pre-
ventive maintenance system could also be imple-
mented which would cause items to be repaired
prior to complete breakdown requiring emergency
repairs.
6Do not establish a Central Purchasing Office within the County
Appomattox at this time, but modify the current procedure t
produce more economy.
Attempt to implement the suggestions identified above. Samp]
RFP’s are available from other local governments, VACO, VML, at I
charge.
Establish a capital improvement plan for office equipment a
computers with an end goal to achieve some degree of compatibili
of equipment. Standardization of equipment would also help in t
bidding process for multiple copier/computer/typewrit
purchases. Rather than each office bidding separately, an annu
budget could be prepared for new equipment and similar types
equipment could be bid at the same time. (The school present
does this. The rest of the County could be included with ver
little effort and at nominal cost.)
If the foregoing Committee recommendations are accepted, it
also recommended that after a year a review be conducted of tt
actions taken and evaluate whether or not the actions resulted
real cost savings to Appomattox County. Also, an annual revie
would allow for an opportunity to continue to ensure th
purchasing procedures are appropriate for Appomattox County.
D0 Sa.le
lal