278
allow subdividing parcel into building lots with 100 foot frontage
Property is located on Route 648 between Route 460 and Route 652.
Mr. Jamerson asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
petition.
Mr. David Lovell, Route 1, Spout Spring, rose and asked to speak. Mr
Lovell stated that his property is directly across the road from this
lot. He is concerned that the septic tanks will be higher than his
well. Mr. Lovell is not in favor of this petition.
tft
Mr. Tommy O’Brien, Appomattox, spoke next. Mr. O’Brien explained tha
this property contained 763 feet of road frontage which would allow fo
seven (7) one (1) acre lots. Mr. O’Brien pointed out that the ta
return derived from these parcels with improvements would bring in mor
revenue than the one large lot. Mr. O’Brien continued by saying tha
the property across the street from this lot was zoned R-2 and he fel
his request should be granted.
are ——tht Xt
Mr. John McDermott, Route 1, Spout Spring asked to be heard. Mr
McDermott is opposed to rezoning this property to R-2. He feels tha
the property values in the neighborhood have already
gone down due to the subdivision across from this proposed property
division. Mr. McDermott does not want to see 100’ frontage lots witt
2
WJ
tt
mobile homes in this area. He continued by saying that he had spoke
with members of Old Concord Presbyterian Church and they are not i
favor of the rezoning. Mr. McDermott stated that no one on the road 1
in favor of the rezoning. He mentioned the subdivision that is acros
from this property and said that it looks terrible.
th SS
Mr. Jamerson next recognized Ms. Sheila Webb, Route 1, Spout Spring
Ms. Webb began by saying that she was concerned that additional mobil
homes on Route 648 would decrease the value of her property. She sai
that her property value had already been decreased by the unsight]
dumpster site as you turn off of Route 460 onto Route 648. Ms. Wek
stated that she takes pride in her home and is not in favor of anything
that would further decrease the value of her property. Ms. Webb has
been trying to sell her property and the realtor has told her that her
property value is down, due to the conditions along the road.
ox ar
Ms. Laura Parrish, Route 1, Spout Spring, rose and addressed th
Board. Ms. Parrish is concerned with the amount of additional traff1
that this new subdivision would cause. This is a narrow, rural roa
and cannot handle anymore traffic, safely. Ms. Parrish is not in fave
of the rezoning.
Fara
Mr. Dan Brennan, Route 1, Spout Spring, asked to be recognized. M
Brennan is not in favor of rezoning this property. He feels that with
lots this size it will give the appearance of a trailer court.
Mr. Jamerson next recognized Ms. Dianne Roake, Route 1, Spout Spring
Mrs. Roake said that she agreed with what the other speakers had said
She was concerned with the astatic impact and the additional traffic