507
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Alice Rockefeller — Landfill Supervisor
Chairman Conrad called the public hearing to order at 6:00 p.m. and explained that the purpose
of this public hearing would be to receive public comment on the proposed changes to Chapter
139 of the Solid Waste Ordinance.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Overstreet who had several comments to share with the Board.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he had been working with Ms. Rockefeller this afternoon and they
have made some additional changes to what had originally been given to the Board and he
wanted to go over those changes with the Board, Mr. Overstreet stated that the changes did not
change the substance of the ordinance but it does make some editorial changes.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would like the Board to look at the copy of the ordinance that is
labeled strike thru copy.
Mr. Overstreet explained the first change is on page 139-2, second paragraph, titled Residents-
change this sentence from “Those persons residing in the County outside the incorporated limits
of any town or city to say “those persons residing in the County.” Mr. Overstreet next explained
the change to the last definition of Waste Management and Recycle Facility to say Solid Waste
Management & Recycle Facility.
Mr. Overstreet stated the next change is on page 139-3 item F — to completely remove “Violation
of this section shall be a Class 3 misdemeanor, because later in the ordinance we say violation of
this section will be a Class 1 misdemeanor and it is contradicting. Mr. Overstreet stated these are
the only changes that he and Alice made after the strike thru copy.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board received the ordinance with italicized in it and that it is what
was advertised, and then he made three other changes. He explained the changes that he and
Alice made on April 20, 2009 which begins on page 139-2 Item A remove Sanitary landfill.
Also, on Item B — Commercial Outlets they added “and contract residential haulers” and on page
139-5 there is some number and lettering changes 139-A — removed “when” and changed to
“All” tires brought to the Appomattox County Waste Management Recycle Facility will be billed
according to the current tire charges.
Mr. Overstreet presented the next change which is item E on page 139-5 — change that “E” to a
“B” and also added in Commercial haulers of solid waste must register with Appomattox
County Waste Management and Recycle Facility office and pay an annual license fee of two
hundred fifty dollars ($250). On page 139-6 the change was some lettering changes and item “D”
it should read as County residents shall be allowed to deposit an unlimited amount of solid waste
and recycle materials generated at their own residence at the Appomattox County Waste