229
Mr. Jamerson called on Ms. Sandra Lindsey, Virginia Department of
Transporation, Resident Engineer, to appear before the Board. Ms
Lindsey presented the Board with the Board of Road Viewers report and
asked for resolutions from the Board concerning these two sections of
road.
The first report presented is described as Carson Drive - Beginning
a point on Route 691, 0.50 Mile East Route 647 and running South 0.
mile to Chestnut Hill Subdivision-Length 0.50 mile.
wn.
ct
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the followi
resolution was passed.
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomatta
County, Virginia, held this 12th day of July, 1993, it was duly move
and seconded that the following resolution be adopted:
WHEREAS, The Board of Viewers on July 7, 1993, viewed th
following section of requested new additions and recommended to thi
Board that these sections be accepted.
BE IT RESOLVED, That this Board does hereby accept the Board 4d
Viewers Report and will request the Virginia Department gd
Transporation to add the following section into the secondary Roa
System of Appomattox County on a 50-50 cost basis provided a 50
unrestricted right of way is furnished by the property owners
construction funds are available.
Carson Drive - Beginning at a point on Route 691, 0.50 Mi. E. Route 647
and running south 0.50 mile to Chestnut Hill Subdivision
- Length 0.50 mile - Estimated Cost - $75.000.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mz
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Lindsey presented the second report, the proposed road being
described as follows: Carson Drive - Beginning at a point on Carson
Drive 0.50 Mile South of Route 691 and running 0.72 Mile to a Dead
- Length 0.72 mile.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pass th
following resolution:
O
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
following resolution be adopted:
WHEREAS, The Board of Viewers on July 7, 1993, viewed thi
following sections of requested new additions and recommended to thi
Board that they be rejected due to insufficient public service or being
a bona fide subdivision. :
wo
BE IT RESOLVED, That this Board does hereby accept the Board of
Viewers Report and rejects the following sections of requested ne
additions: