396
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that Appomattox County does hereby
support the application by the town of Appomattox to the Virginia Department of
Transportation Safe Routes to School Program to develop safe routes for area students to
access local schools through physical infrastructure improvements and development of
walking and biking educational programs.
Adopted the 1* day of December, 2008, Appomattox County, Virginia.
Chairman Craft called for discussion of the Board, hearing no discussion, Chairman Craft
called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #6- Holiday Request.
Chairman Craft explained that a request had been made by Ms. Belter, Treasurer, Ms.
Henderson, Commissioner of Revenue and Ms. Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court,
requesting that the Board approve % day on December 24" as an additional holiday.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to approve % day on December 24" as an additional holiday.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item #6A- Waiver Request of Subdivision
Ordinance.
Chairman Craft ask Mr. Roark to appear before the Board to explain this request.
Mr. Roark explained that Mr. Bob Goodman has requested a waiver of the road frontage
requirement in the subdivision ordinance allowing him to cut off the house with several
acres and keep the bars with the farm. His intention is to develop a subdivision type of
development at a later date. Mr. Roark explained that the problem is that any way you
look at this, which is about six different ways, this can be done, however, they are all
hindrances to the future development of this property. Mr. Roark explained that the strict
application of the subdivision ordinance does seem unreasonable in this case, and
explained that this is the reason the waiver option is in the subdivision ordinance, for
unique or burdensome situations to individuals. Mr. Roark explained that the applicant
is requesting a waiver of the front requirement of the property so that he can cut off 2-3
acres and provide an easement back to State Route 707 (Peach Tree Street). Mr. Roark
stated that they have extensively studied each of the options that he had and each was
burdensome or unrealistic. Mr. Roark stated that it was decided that a waiver was his
best option.
Mr. Conrad stated that he did not have any problems; however he was not sure that he
could take all this in tonight. Mr, Conrad stated that he would like some more time to