293
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does guarantee a minimum unrestricted fifty
(50) foot right of way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills and drainage,
together with easements on adjoining properties.
Recorded in Plat Cabinet 1, Slide 34A on October 6, 2006 in the Appomattox County Clerk’s
Office.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the resolution accepting View Drive in Stonewall Meadows
Subdivision Section 1, Phase IT into the State Secondary System of Highways. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote. Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented the Consent Agenda.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the Consent Agenda as presented. Mr. Conrad seconded
Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion, hearing none, Chairman Craft
called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented the Information Items and called for any discussion.
Hearing none, Chairman Craft next called for Supervisor concerns. Hearing none, Chairman
Craft reminded the Board of upcoming meetings.
Mr, Carter questioned if there was any other information that the Board needed to consider on
land use before the Board makes it decision at the next meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she is hoping to get more information that is available for land use. Ms.
Ferguson stated that BAI is working on getting this information, which would give the Board an
idea of the impact on the tax rate.
Ms. Ferguson also stated that if the Board is interested in hearing someone speak on
Conservation Easements, she will arrange for someone come and speak; however, her feelings
are that the farmers are really not interested in this.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board wants to hear about the Conservation Easements she will
schedule it for an upcoming Board meeting, but not the June 16", meeting, since they will be
making a decision on land use.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adjourn the meeting at 7:05 p.m. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr.
Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.