362
Mr. Carwile began by stating that he would like to ask the Board to
evaluate this application on it’s merits only. Mr. Carwile continued
by stating that several of the adjoining property owners were Mr. John
Ranson, Sr., Mr. Murrell Thomas and Mr. Monk Childress and that Mr.
John Ranson, Sr. had not attended the public hearing and had made no
comments concerning this request. Mr. Carwile stated that this
property is located in an Agricultural District and that mobile homes
are a permitted use in A-1. Mr. Carwile, also stated that there were
many other permitted uses in A-1 that, in his opinion, would be much
worse than these mobile homes. Mr. Carwile has visited this site and
in his opinion this is an ideal location for just such a mobile home
park.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Carwile if mobile home parks were a permitted
use in A-1?
Mr. Carwile stated that it states that "mobile homes as provided". Mr.
Carwile continued by siting other sections of the zoning ordinance ant
questioned why this application needed to go to public hearing.
&
Mrs. Ferguson noted that due to the number of mobile homes that were
requested on this one parcel, this constituted a mobile home park, and
therefore a conditional use permit would be required.
18
Mr. Carwile questioned who should be allowed to voice their concerns
about this application? Should it only be the adjoining property
owners, or anyone in the County?
Mr. Torrence addressed the question by stating that the public hearing
allowed any citizen to express their views.
After further discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Moore to table this decision until the March 1994 Board meeting and f
Mrs. Ferguson to get information from the Planning Commission as to wh
the petition was disapproved. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, nay.
Oo.
KR
Mrs. Ferguson read the next petition #94-214 of Wilmer E. Browning to
rezone property to B-1 and conditional use permit to allow existing
building to be used for satellite sales and service. Property is zon
R-1 and is located on Route 460 between Route 646 and Route 674. The
Planning Commission recommended approval.
0}
for
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the
Planning Commissions recommendation and approve petition number 94-214
of Wilmer E. Browning. Vote: Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Paulette, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
The next item for consideration was a request from the Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department for additional funds to supplement their fuel
budget for the remainder of FY94. After discussion, Mrs. Beasley mad
a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to make a supplemental appropriation
of $500.00 to the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department for fuel oil for