Ald
made by Mr. Torrence on Saturday, April 23, 1994, stating that the
Board would be willing to entertain such a request, if it came from the
School Board.
Mr. Torrence asked Dr. Poe if the request to rescind action was in
reference to the $300,000.00 project for the arts building?
Dr. Poe stated that this is the money in reference and they would like
to see this put on hold for now.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Dr. Poe and called the next person on
the agenda, Ms. Kim Arritt.
Ms. Arritt began by stating that she was frustrated at the lack of
information given out by the Board concerning the facts on a new versus
a renovated Middle School. Ms. Arritt is concerned about the education
of our children. Ms. Arritt continued by stating that she had reviewed
the study done by Dewberry & Davis and was concerned about some of the
issues addressed in the study. Ms. Arritt continued by listing some of
the deficiencies addressed in the study and stating that these
conditions were not conclusive to learning and a long term remedy,
rather than a bandaid, needs to be administered.
Mr. Torrence thanked Ms. Arritt and recognized Mr. Matt Leonard.
Mr. Leonard began by saying that he agreed with the people who had
spoken before him. Mr. Leonard continued by asking the Board, "how
dare you tell us what we can and cannot afford, what we should and
should not fund, and what we will and will not determine is valuable.
We decide what is needed and you’al make it happen. That simply put is
democracy. Something that some members of this Board have confused
with demography." Mr. Leonard asked that the Board not turn a deaf ear
to the citizens.
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. Leonard and called Ms. Debbie
Powell to come before the Board.
Ms. Powell began by stating that she cannot add anything to what the
others who have spoken before her have said. Ms. Powell stated that
she would like to re-emphasize the fact that education is the soul of
our community if and it isn’t our first priority then we have our
priorities in the wrong order. Ms. Powell strongly urged the Board to
put this issue for a new middle school on the ballot in November, 1994
Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Ms. Powell and called the next citizen
on the agenda, Ms. Pat Torrence.
Ms. Torrence began by stating that she felt very honored to be involved
in a once ina century decision. Ms. Torrence feels that a new middle
school must exist.
Ms. Torrence continued by giving the Board facts and figures concerned
with construction and maintenance costs. Ms. Torrence stated that many
problems exist with the present middle school. Ms. Torrence feels that