598
Mr. Perrow stated that there are a lot of factors which affect the ADM.
Dr. Grasty stated that home schooling is becoming more and more prevalent.
Mr. Tanner thanked Dr. Grasty, Mr. Perrow, Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Williams for being here and
answering the Boards questions.
Mr. Craft made a motion to hold a public hearing on amending the Solid Waste Ordinance due to
the tire ordinance for September 8, 2009. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion, hearing no
discussion, Mr. Tanner called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner presented the supplemental appropriation request of the School Board
requesting a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $426,635.69 to the School Capital
Improvement Fund and $670,000.00 to the School Operating budget and also $140,000.00 to the
School Operating Budget.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve the supplemental appropriation request of $426,635.69 to
the School Capital Improvement Fund. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vice-Chairman
Tanner called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the supplemental appropriation of $670,000.00 to the
School Operating budget as requested. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Vice-Chairman
Tanner called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to approve the supplemental appropriation of $140,000.00 to the
School Operating Budget as requested. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Vice-
Chairman called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Vice-Chairman Tanner next presented Administrative Item #1 — Joint Meeting with Appomattox
Town Council and explained that Ms. Ferguson had been contacted by Roxanne Paulette, Clerk
for the Town of Appomattox requesting a joint meeting with the Town Council to be held on
Tuesday, August 25" at 7:00 p.m. in the Town Office.
Mr. Craft stated that he would like to have a facilitator that is impartial to the waterline to be
present.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she did not understand that this meeting was to discuss the waterline.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she thinks this is joint meeting to discuss other items of concern or
interest that the Board and Town Council would like to discuss.