365
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County do hereby adopt The Appomattox Greenway Masterplan — A Vision for your Future.
Adopted the 6" day of October, 2008, Appomattox County, Virginia
By:
William H. Craft, Chairman
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
Attest:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the resolution adopting the Greenway Master Plan for
Appomattox County. Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Mr. Carter questioned if she revised the plan as suggested in the last meeting. Ms. Ferguson
stated that the change was made.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion. Hearing none, Chairman Craft called for a vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item#7 — Old Spout Spring School, Chairman Craft
explained that Mr. Wayne Reynolds is asking the County to assist him in removing this building
from his property. Chairman Craft called for discussion.
After discussion, it was the consensus of the Board to deny this request.
Chairman Craft next presented Administrative Item#8 — Transportation Enhancement Grant and
called for discussion.
Ms. Ferguson stated that funds for this grant would be needed in the FY2010 budget and it is
possible that some in-kind work could be used towards the needed funds.
Mr. Roark explained that the match would most likely not be a cash match, but the Board would
need to be prepared just in case. Mr. Roark also stated that they would be soliciting donations
from the private sector towards this also.
Mr. Roark explained that we are not ready to move ahead with this second grant. Mr. Roark
explained that it is a possibility that the County would not receive this grant, but they were
excited about receiving the $138,000.00 that was received this year, because they had been told
they would not be receiving any money, but then the project was very well liked. Mr. Roark