083
equipment with a special "landfill package" including heavy
duty seal, better filters, etc.
Mr. Moore asked if Mr. Jamerson’s figures on landfill costs
included the cost of this equipment. Mr. Jamerson
acknowledged it did not, but he felt the cost would be
partially offset by reduced maintenance requirements.
After further discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded
by Mrs. Beasley to lease/purchase the new endloader for the
landfill. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, nay, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Jamerson recessed the meeting
at 7:22 P.M. until 7:30 P.M. for the nee Public Hearing
on Zoning matters. -
ae
A recessed meeting and work session of the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors was called to order at 7:00 P.M.
November 5, 1992 at the Courthouse, North Church Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mt. District
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Mr. Jamerson, presiding, called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M. Mr. Jamerson stated the purpose of the meeting was to
review the Building Construction, Subdivision, and Taxation
Ordinances. The Board reviewed each ordinance considering
relevant State Code updates and recommendations from the
review committees, County Administrator, and County Attorney.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to appoint Mr. Gordon Rice as Appomattox County
Building Official. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to appoint the County Administrator as the
Subdivision Agent and Zoning Administrator. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to proceed with the intent to increase
the Consumer Utility Tax on telephone and electric power
services in accord with the Code of Virginia, 1950 section
58.1-3812 and 58.1-3814. It is the intent of the Board of