574
Mr. David explained the ARRA Federal Stimulus Grant and how it would apply to Appomattox
County.
Mr. David called for questions. After answering questions from the EDA and Board of
Supervisors, Chairman Conrad thanked Mr. Bryan David and Mr. Jeff Gore for their
presentation.
Next, Chairman Conrad stated that Administrative Item #3 -Bond Issue which is on the Agenda
would not need to have any action by the Board at tonight’s meeting.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #1 — Carver Price Educational Complex Roof
Replacement Bid and stated that the enclosed bid from John T. Morgan roofing and Sheet Metal
Company, Inc is for replacing an additional part of the roof on the Carver Price Educational
Complex. Chairman Conrad explained that funds are available for this project.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this would not cover the cafeteria part of the school, only the kitchen
area.
Mr. Carter made a motion to approve John T. Morgan Roofing and Sheet Metal Company, Inc.
in the amount of $44,579.00 to replace the roof over the kitchen area in the Carver Price
Educational Complex as a sole source procurement. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Carter’s motion.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye, Mr. Moore, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #2- Carry-Over Fund Request and explained
that staff has been working on providing some handicapped accessible parking at the Community
Park and to do this the approximate cost will be $15,000.00. Chairman Conrad explained that
Ms. Dixon has $18,000.00 remaining in her Tourism budget from FY2009 and is requesting that
the Board allow her to carry this forward to FY2010 in order to take care of this parking issue.
Ms. Ferguson gave an explanation of what would be included in the $15,000.00 charge for this
project.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve Ms. Dixon’s request to carry over the $18,000.00 from
FY2009 budget to FY2010 budget to pay for the parking project at the Community Park.
Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels this is a great opportunity for the County to come forward with
some funds that will enhance the park.
Chairman Conrad called for Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Tanner, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.