219
by Mr. Moore for Mrs. Lawson to proceed with the application for ja
Transportation Enhancement Program Grant to erect "Gateway" signs as
you enter the County. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley that the Appomatta
County Board of Supervisors in accord with Section 2.1-344 of the Code
of Virginia enter into an executive session to discuss personne!
matters. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
a
nN
rm VY
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Moore, it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Jamerson
aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence
aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile, the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted fron
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to hire Mrs. Patty Myrick for the Summer
Youth Counselor position. The motion died for lack of a second.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to offer the position
of Summer Youth Counselor to Mrs. Shirley Wheeler. Vote: Mr
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr
Torrence, abstain.
The Board asked Mr. Rice to schedule interviews for the position of
Animal Warden for Monday, June 21, 1993 beginning at 6:30 P.M., at 15
minute intervals.
Ww