272
Mr. Moore made a motion to reappoint Mr. Calvin Tanner, Mr. Claude
Allen Moore and Mr. Wayne Lewis to four (4) year terms on the Planning
Commission beginning October 1, 1993, seconded by Mr. Torrence.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; M
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Mrs. Carolyn Lawson for a chan
in the Community Center Rental Policy. Mr. Carwile made a moti
seconded by Mr. Torrence that a $25.00 deposit be required for rent
of the Community Center Building whether the kitchen facilities 4
used or not. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwil
aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile expressed that some citizens have been concerned with t
signs NO TRESPASSING at the Community Center. After discussion t
Board by consensus, gave approval for the Community Center Board
Directors to handle the matter of the signs in any way they see fi
Also, the Board of Supervisors directed Mrs. Ferguson to research 4
bring back to the Board, the difference in an Advisory Board and
Policy Board.
Mrs. Ferguson, as requested by the Board, at the August meetilng
contacted the Department of Housing and the State Board of Contractod
and found that the Titles of Building Official and Building Inspect
may be held by the same person. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded k
Mr. Torrence to appoint Mr. Bill Caldwell as Building Official.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson reported information obtained from Fred Crowe concernil
Disabled American Veterans and Prisoner’s of War who reside
Appomattox County. After discussion, the Board by concensus, aské
Mrs. Ferguson to find out the percentage of disability for each pers
and report back to the Board at the October meeting.
Mr. Ray Phelps has requested compensation for livestock killed by sty
dogs. This incident occurred just prior to Mr. Paul Nix resignin
There are no records by Mr. Nix documenting the incident, but he do¢
remember the case and has reported to Mrs. Ferguson that stray dogs d
kill the animals. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasl¢
to pay Mr. Ray Phelps an amount of $525.00 for compensation
livestock kill, once Mr. Nix has provided a letter of verification |f
the County for record purposes. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson reported the Planning Commission recommendation
Following discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by M
Carwile to accept the Planning Commission’s recommendation to appro
petition #93-202 fosWilliam Colvin for Conditional Use Permit for Ha
Occupation in accessory building larger than 1/3 the size of ma
dwelling and Petition #93-203 of James C. Arrington for Conditional U
Permit to allow double-wide Mobile Home to be installed on propert
zoned R-1 adjacent to A-1 District. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mr
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
7 yO2
D- )-[ua
=== woos
(0)
FF
a