246
Mr. Overstreet feels it is okay to do this but at the same time feels that it is stretching the
issue.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he has asked Mr. Wingfield and Mr. Roark to put some
language in the addendum that he has prepared to explain why this is a sole source. Mr.
Overstreet also stated that there is another stage that goes with this project that will have
to go out for bid.
Mr. Wingfield explained that the main purpose for this is the public safety point of this
parcel data. Mr. Wingfield explained that there are some side benefits to use which would
be on the parcel data for the Commissioner of Revenue and Zoning Office.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this does allow our office to use this for other purposes like
zoning and other things of that nature, but the primary use would be public safety.
Mr. Tanner commended Mr. Wingfield on the work he has done in securing these grants.
Chairman Craft called for other questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he wanted this approved as an addendum as well as a sole
source procurement.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve addendum #2 with Timmons Group for services
noted in the parcel conversion proposal as a sole source procurement. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented a proposal on the waterline from the Town of
Appomattox.
Mr. Carter made a motion to table this item until the May 19" meeting which would
enable each board member to digest the proposal and to also see what type of impact the
Town election may have on this. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next presented administrative item # 5A- Land Use Assessment.
Mr. Overstreet stated that Mr. Moore and Mr. Tanner would have to answer a declaration
of conflict of interest. Mr. Overstreet read the declaration Section 2.2-3112.A2 and 2.2-
3115G in the Code of Virginia. Mr. Moore and Mr. Tanner both declared that the
statement was correct.
Mr. Tanner stated that one of the main reasons he ran for the Board of Supervisors was to
see to the overall welfare and good of the County and its citizens. Mr. Tanner stated that
one of the corner stones of this County is the farmers and he has seen some farmers that