440
Chairman Conrad presented the Informational Items and called for any discussion,
hearing no discussion he called for Supervisors Concerns.
With no Supervisor concerns Chairman Conrad stated that the next item would be to
enter into closed session in accordance with Section 2.2-3711 (A) (3) Code of Virginia:
Acquisition and disposition of property.
Chairman Conrad stated that the acquisition would be discussion of property for the
Museum of the Confederacy.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to enter into closed session at 6:50 p.m. Mr. Craft seconded
Mr. Tanner’s motion to enter into closed session. Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Craft made a motion to return to regular session at 7:00 p.m. Mr. Tanner seconded
Mr. Craft’s motion. Hearing no discussion Chairman Conrad called for a vote: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad read the certification motion for the Closed Session:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed
session this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.2-3711 (A)(3)of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law
were discussed in the closed session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii)
only such matters were heard, discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors.
Roll Call Vote: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there are four bid proposals out that she would like to make the
Board aware of. The first is the closure of cell I, 2) engineering services for water line 3)
Old Oakville School Demolition and 4) grass mowing contract.
Ms. Ferguson stated that those who will be attending Legislative Day will be leaving
from the County Administration Building at 8:30 A.M.
Chairman Conrad next presented the upcoming meetings.