688
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye; Mr. Moore abstain.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#5 — Meeting schedule for calendar year 2010
and stated that in January the Board would need to approve the meeting schedule for the new
calendar year, he explained that staff is asking the Board to review this calendar and make any
changes that they see fit.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the meeting schedule would not be adopted until the organizational
meeting in January.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#6- Amendment to contract for Board room and
explained that the price to install the cabinetry in the Board room at the old elementary school is
$11,150.00 and staff is recommending accepting this amendment to the present contract.
Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that this money has already been appropriated.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this would be amending the contract to include this due to staff not
being able to do this job as we had previously thought.
Mr. Craft made a motion to accept the amendment to the previous contract in the amount of
$11,150.00. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Craft’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion
hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#7- VDOT Resolution accepting Denali Lane,
Route 1097 located in Porterhouse Road Subdivision, Section II into the Secondary Road System
for maintenance. Chairman Conrad stated that all is in order with VDOT.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the resolution accepting Denali Lane, Route 1097, located
in Porterhouse Road Subdivision, Section II into the Secondary Road System for maintenance.
Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for discussion, hearing none,
he called for a vote: Mr, Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#7A- Letter to Governor Kaine and stated that
staff is recommending that the Board send the enclosed letter to Governor Kaine concerning the
completion of High Bridge Trail State Park. Chairman Conrad stated that Prince Edward is
requesting the Board’s support to try to have VDOT forces complete construction.