008
been collected in about three (3) weeks.
Mr. Peterson next reported that the ten (10) week training
period for the two (2) employees at the Landfill from the
Farm and Migrant Federal Jobs Program was soon to expire and
that he would like to offer these people a part time job at
the Landfill to work thirty-six (36) hours per week. These
two (2) part time jobs are currently vacant and budgeted
positions. The two (2) are both Appomattox residents and
their work habits have prove more than adequate during the
past ten (10) weeks training period. Mr. Jamerson pointed
out that because of the Board’s policy no formal Board action
was necessary Since these were part time employees. No one
objected to the hirings.
Mrs. Beasley questioned if any progress had been made
locating a solid waste collections site to replace the one at
Hunter Jones’ recently closed. Mr. Peterson said no site had
yet been found.
Mr. Peterson then informed the Board of the storm drain
repair recently completed at the Nash solid waste transfer
site and pointed out the significant role played by the
Town’s maintenance people, i.e., the Town furnished the
backhoe and the replacement pipe without charge to the
County.
Mr. Jamerson next called Mr. Monroe Dyess. Mr. Dyess
questioned the recent Board’s decision to limit the
availability of the County’s group health insurance to that
required by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act (COBRA). A lengthy discussion followed. Mr. Carwile
made a motion to rescind his motion of June 29, 1992 limiting
the time former employees may remain in the County’s group
health insurance plan to the minimum time required by COBRA.
Mr. Torrence seconded the motion. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye;
Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Beasley then made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
permit County retirees to remain under’ the County’s group
health insurance plan at their expense until age 65. Vote:
Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next called Dr. Thomas, Superintendent of
Schools. Dr. Thomas asked for an appropriation for August of
$210,000 and an appropriation of $174,000.00 to pay for
school construction. The $174,000 will be reimbursed from
the Literary Loan within one (1) month. Mrs. Beasley made a
motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $384,000 to
the schools. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked if anyone had any questions’ for Dr.
Thomas. Mr. Carwile noted he had reviewed the revised FY93
School Budget and found it in compliance with the Board’s
request. Mr. Carwile was also pleased with the school’s