024
year in the State Forest.
Mr. Jamerson next requested to hear from Mr. John Harrison,
President of the Appomattox Cattlemen Association, and Mr.
Lacy Webb from VPI Extension Service Advisory Committee. Mr.
Harrison commenced by acknowledging the Board’s decision of
last month to hire the Home Economist first as soon as
possible and an Agriculture Agent next January. Mr. Harrison
requested the Board reconsider and hire the Agriculture Agent
first. Mr. Harrison noted the Agriculture Agent’s position
had been vacant since last fall and that most agree the need
for a Agriculture Agent in Appomattox County is greater then
that for a Home Economist.
Mr. Lacy Webb pointed out farmers were constantly in need of
the type of advice available from an Agriculture Extension
Agent. This type of advice, he noted, was especially needed
by young farmers just starting out.
An extensive discussion ensued. Questions from the Board
were addressed to Mrs. Laura McClenny, Acting Unit Director
and Mrs. Barbara Board, Regional Director, from the Extension
Service who were in the audience. At conclusion, Mr. Torrence
asked for an executive session to discuss personnel relating
to this matter.
Mr. Thomas Lawson, County Attorney, next on the Agenda was
absent, but Mr. Rice asked to be recognized. Mr. Rice
reported Mr. Lawson was unable to attend the meeting because
of another committment and had asked Mr. Rice to report the
status of certain assignments. The Agreement to transfer the
ballpark from the Town to the County was nearly complete.
Mr. Lawson is awaiting a plat from the Town’s Engineer so he
can finalize the utility easements at the Community Center
and have them _ recorded. Mr. Rice presented plats and
identified property owners adjacent to the Ballpark and
Recreation Center. Mr. Rice then asked the Board to set work
sessions for Ordinances’ updating which he and Mr. Lawson had
been working on. It was decided by consensus to meet Tuesday
August 18th at 7:00 P.M. for this purpose.
Mr. Carwile next asked to be recognized and expressed concern
the Landfill Bond money would not be sufficient and suggested
the County consider accepting solid waste from neighboring
Counties at a favorable fee to generate the necessary
revenue. Mr. Jamerson expressed support to consider this
possibility. Mr. Torrence pointed out several objections to
the concept. Mr. Moore commented all solid waste should not
be treated the same and that sometime soon source separation
would become prudent. Mr. Moore supported recycling and
suggested better public education efforts were necessary.
Mr. Jamerson next informed the Board he had been notified by
Mrs. Ruth Webb, Appomattox County’s representative on the
Central Virginia Community College Board, that she was
unaware and embarrassed the Board had eliminated funding for
the college’s Local Funds and College Revenue Budget. Mrs.
Webb reminded Mr. Jamerson Appomattox’s share of this budget