284
If this land was used it could produce 115 gallons of gasoline which is about three percent of
Virginia’s consumption of gasoline in a year.
Mr. Burks stated that we have got to stop taxing people on real estate; this is not going to solve
the problem.
Mr. Burks also stated that if land has to be sold and then turned into housing developments.
With an average size house it would retain 1200 gallons of water which brings us back to our
well system and we could be headed into a disastrous mode.
Chairman Craft called on Mr. Ralph Reynolds to come and speak. Mr, Reynolds gave his
address as 3038 Wild Way Road, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Reynolds stated that he wanted to point out a few things.
Mr. Reynolds stated that just a few years ago our County’s cost (operating expenditures) was in
the hundred of thousands and now it is in the millions. Mr. Reynolds stated that he understands
that a major part of this money is in schools and law enforcement, but land does not require any
of these services.
Mr. Reynolds also stated that he was shocked to learn that almost one half of the County’s
revenue comes from taxes on the land. Mr. Reynolds stated that all he is asking is that the
Board be fair.
Mr. Reynolds stated that he wanted to remind the Board of three things before closing. Number
one is that each of you took oath of office to treat citizen’s fair, not because of political reasons
but because of faimmess,
Number two is that the County is owned and operates for the better part of agriculture and I want
you to check and see what was made on that last year.
Number three is to remember to do what is correct and what is right and stop taxing so few for so
much.
Chairman Craft next called on Ms. Sadie Wooding. Ms. Wooding stated her address as 1847
Stonewall Road, Concord, Ms. Wooding stated that she is a land owner and she supports land
use.
Chairman Craft called for Mr. Earl Pickett to come and speak. Mr. Pickett stated his address as
2869 Forest Chapel Road, Pamplin, Virginia. Mr. Picket stated that he represents over 1000
families in this county, and he has been trying to get land use in affect for many years now.
Mr. Pickett stated that we pay the same tax on our homes as everyone, but the land is paid
differently.