401
Dr. Boone explained that if the Board would say they are giving a certain amount of money for
top priorities, he would neéd some time to put together a list of what they feel needs to be done
first.
Ms. Martin stated that the entire county uses the auditorium more than she ever thought was
possible and it is embarrassing.
Mr. Williams stated that we are in a situation where there are many things needed due to lack of
funds.
Dr. Boone stated that we need to put together a 20 year plan.
Mr. Perrow stated that the order that the architects used in the report is not a priority order that
they have left it up to us to prioritize.
Mr. Mitchell stated that he feels the priority would be getting the roof fixed at the primary school
and get it done as quickly as possible.
Mr. Boone stated that the priority listings are grouped by schools.
Mr. Conrad stated that basically what we want to do is aim for the Schoo! Board to look at
priorities and the Board of Supervisors start looking to see exactly how much money we will
have to help with these projects.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Davenport could help us set a project list with a time line to get things
accomplished.
Dr. Boone stated that he understands through discussion that a priority list is needed for total
projects and then a priority list for maintenance once that has been done. He asked if a joint
work session could be scheduled to discuss this list between the two Boards.
Chairman Craft questioned that if renovations were made would that be also taking care of the
school maintenance needs also.
Mr. Conrad stated that over time some of the not so highly rated projects may need to be placed
in the higher priority listing.
Dr. Boone stated that we may need to make a maintenance schedule and prioritize.
Chairman Craft stated that all of these projects will be done with County funds not state and
federal funds.
Mr. Waddell stated that there may be money out there to help with some of these projects once
we have a plan.
Dr. Boone stated that there are formal guidelines for these types of grants.