397
The Board also approved for Mr. Martin to run an article requesting
volunteers who would be willing to work the evacuation shelters to
register with the Department of Social Services.
Mrs. Ferguson next informed the Board that Mr. Chris Tolley had
notified her that he would be moving from the Jamerson property April
30, 1994. Mrs. Ferguson asked if the Board wished to offer this house
to the School Board for use at this time. By consensus, the Board
agreed for Mrs. Ferguson to contract Dr. Thomas to see if the schools
could use this property now.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a letter from Virginia Power suggesting that
the jail be put on a large user rate due to the volume of electricity
used in the jail operation. This rate should reduce the present bill
for electricity at the jail. After discussion, and by consensus of the
Board it was agreed to go on the new rate schedule for the Jail.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from the Appomattox Historical
Society to have the roof on the Museum (old jail) repaired. After
discussion, the Board agreed to repair the roof on the Museum and
consider other request from the Historical Society during the budget
process.
Mrs. Ferguson presented an Organizational Chart to the Board of
Supervisors, as requested from a previous meeting.
Mr. Torrence presented a request held over from the March 1994 meeting
from the Recreation Advisory Board that they be allowed to collect
donations and deposit in a special fund with Mrs. Belter for ballpark
expenses. The expenses from this fund would be approved by the
Recreation Advisory Board and checks written from general operating
fund, as all other county checks are written.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley that
Mrs. Belter establish a fund for the Recreation Advisory Board to
deposit funds raised by this Board, for ballpark use. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence next presented minutes of past meetings for corrections
and approval. Hearing no corrections, Mrs. Beasley made a motion
seconded by Mr. Paulette to approve the minutes of the regular meeting
of March 7, 1994; public hearings of March 7, 1994 and March 22, 1994;
and recessed meeting of March 22, 1994. vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette aye.
Mrs. Ferguson requested the Board approve a resolution giving her the
authority to sign documentation for the County concerning reimbursement
for disaster relief. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore
to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
BE IT RESOLVED BY the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County that
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator is hereby authorized to