461
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was
instructed to request two (2) suggestions for possible appointment from|
each district from the Library Board.
Mrs. Ferguson next informed the Board of the schedule for regional
Strategic Planning Sessions to be held by Virginia Department of
Transportation.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request for VSPA Loan Appropriation from the
School Board.
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
appropriate $9,562.50 from the VSPA Loan (SNAP) for the month of July
1994. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson also presented a request for appropriation from the
School Board from the Textbook Rental Fund.
Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Paulette to appropriate
$67,653.52 from the Textbook Rental Fund for the month of July, 1994.
Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a request from Thomas Lawson asking the Board
of Supervisors to sign a Court Order permitting prisoners to Work on
State or County Property.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
sign the order below:
VIRGINIA: IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY
IN RE: Permitting Prisoners to Work on
State or County Property
< Order
WHEREAS, certain prisoners confined at the Appomattox County Jail
are serving sentences imposed as the result of convictions of
misdemeanors or felonies and are permitted to work on State or County
property on a voluntary basis at the direction of the Sheriff of
Appomattox County; it is ORDERED that such prisoners so working shall
receive credit on their respective sentences of an additional day for
each day they work on State or County property.
In the event any of said prisoners are taken into the State
Correctional System after having partially served their said sentences
at the Appomattox County Jail and after having worked on State or
County property while so confined in said Jail, the State Department of
Corrections shall give each prisoner credit for the time served and the
time that he has worked on State or County property while confined in
jail, as provided by Section 53.1-129 of the Code of Virginia of 1950,
as amended.