292
RESOLVED FURTHER, That the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors urges the Commonwealth
Transportation Board to approve VDRPT’s recommended REF funding for infrastructure investments
needed to support new passenger service in the corridor; and, be it
RESOLVED FINALLY, That the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors requests that VDRPT
identify the US 29 corridor as the State’s top priority for funding new rail service according to Amtrak’s
recommended Short Term Action Plan for Advancing Passenger Rail in the Commonwealth.
Mr. Carter made a motion to adopt the resolution on Enhanced Passenger Service on Amtrak.
Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion.
Hearing no further discussion Chairman Craft called for a vote. Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #5 — Position Description Approval.
Chairman Craft called for any discussion.
Mr. Conrad made a motion to adopt the position description and pay grade as recommended by
Landfill Supervisor.
Mr. Moore seconded Mr. Conrad’s motion.
Chairman Craft called for a vote. Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative Item #6 — Resolution, View Drive, State Route
Number 1075.
At the regular meeting of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia held on the
2nd day of June 2008, it was duly moved and seconded that the following Resolution be adopted:
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of Transportation is
hereby requested to add the street description below and on the attached additions Form SR-5(A)
to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System for maintenance. The following subdivision
road which has been constructed by the sub divider as a Class “A” subdivision in accordance
with the requirements of Section 33.1-229, of the Code of Virginia, 1952, and The Virginia
Department of Transportation’s Subdivision Street Requirements, 1996, TO WIT:
STONEWALL MEADOWS SUBDIVISION, SECTION 1, PHASE II
View Drive, Route 1075 - Beginning at a point on Route 713, 0.138 miles south on
Route 1075 to Cul-de-sac.
Total Length — 0.14 mile Right of Way 50 feet