for a resolution of support. Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt a resolution as follows:
WHEREAS, the General Assembly, Commonwealth of Virginia,
has caused a bond referendum for Parks & Recreation
improvements to be placed on the ballot in November,
1992, and
WHEREAS, Eight (8) million dollars of this bond money
will be to establish a new state park on the James River
WHEREAS, a study Task Force was formed with
representation from Appomattox County and other
jurisdictions from Planning District II to evaluate and
recommend sites for this new park, and
WHEREAS, this Task Force has completed its study and
makes the following recommendations: site 1 -
Appomattox/Campbell County, site 2 - Amherst County site
A (East of Lynchburg), site 3 - Amherst County site B
(West of Lynchburg), and
THEREFORE, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
adopts this resolution affirming the recommendations
above at its regularly scheduled meeting on September
14, 1992, and
HEREBY, urges the Department of Conservation and
Recreation to complete its evaluation and select one of
the above sites as soon as possible.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, Aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked to be recognized and requested the Board
of Supervisors to reconsider it’s action regarding funding
for the Planning Commission. After considerable discussion,
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
increase the County’s contribution to the Central Virginia
Planning Commission for FY93 by $461.89. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr.
Carwile, abstain; Mr. Moore, abstain.
Mr. Jamerson next called on Mr. Moore. Mr. Moore reported he
has concluded his study of the air conditioning system at the
Court Clerk’s office and obtained an estimate of $437.00 from
Bohannon Electric to connect the supply and return ducts of
the two heat pumps. After discussing the situation Mr. Moore
made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to contract Bohannon
Electric to connect the supply and return ducts for the two
heat pump systems in the Court Clerk’s office at a cost not
to exceed $437.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore next reported he had received a telephone call from
a constituent. The constituent was concerned he and his
neighbors did not know when the Board was to meet because the
043