492
After discussion, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile
adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION ON UNFUNDED MANDATES
WHEREAS, Unfunded federal mandates imposed on state local
governments have become increasingly extensive in recent years; and
WHEREAS, Unfunded federal mandates have, in many instances, adde
to
to the growing deficits in state and local government budgets and hay
resulted in the need for state and local governments to increase
revenue and curtail sometimes essential services; and
WHEREAS, the excessive fiscal burdens on state and local
governments have undermined, in many instances, the ability of state
and local governments to achieve their responsibilities under state at
local law; and
WHEREAS, Congressman Gary Condit has introduced H.R. 140, the
Federal Mandate Relief Act; and
WHEREAS, H. R. 140 would assure that the federal government pays
the total amount of direct cost incurred by state and local governmen
in complying with federal requirements which take effect on or after
the date of enactment of the Act under a federal statute or regulatid
and
WHEREAS, H. R. 140 would provide that any requirement under a
federal statute or regulation that a state or local government conduct
an activity (including a requirement that a government meet national
standards in providing a service) shall apply to the government only i
all funds necessary to pay the direct costs incurred by the government
aAin conducting the activity are provided by the Federal Government; anc
WHEREAS, H. R. 140 has been cosponsored by a bipartisan majority
of 227 members of Congress; and
WHEREAS, despite the majority of support for H. R. 140, the Hous
Government Operations Committee refuses to consider the legislation;
WHEREAS, Congressman Condit has initiated discharge petition #25
that, if signed by 218 members of the House, would allow for
consideration of H. R. 140 on the House floor; now therefore, be it
RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors support
H. R. 140 as introduced by Congressman Gary Condit; and be it further
RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors asks
that Representative L. F. Payne sign discharge petition #25 so that H
R. 140 can be considered on the House floor.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Paulette, aye.
0
n;