239
seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve $250.00 for Mr. Lawson to atte
the Commonwealth’s Attorney Conference. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mr
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr. Moore, aye: and Mr. Torrend
aye.
4-0-3
Mrs. Sabrina J. Smith, Registrar, requests approval to attend annual
training session in August. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs.
Beasley to approve $60.00 for Mrs. Smith to attend Mandated Annual
Training program in August. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson presented the Board with a request from Central Virgini
Piedmont District Commission for someone to attend a study committe
meeting on House Document No. 71. Mr. Torrence volunteered to attend.
© »
Mrs. Ferguson requested guidance from the Board concerning the dutie
of Subdivision Agent and Zoning Administrator. The Board suggeste
that Mrs. Ferguson could request assistance from Bill Caldwell jj
reviewing these requests.
Shh
Mr. Torrence has contacted several people concerning removing the Peds
tree behind the School Board Office. He will report back to the Boa
with bids at a later date.
as
Mrs. Ferguson brought a request before the Board from Judge Lawson th,
the telephone line to Lynchburg be reinstalled. Mrs. Ferguson w
asked to research and bring back to the Board at a later date.
oh
Q
Carwile to adjourn to August 19, 1993 at 7:00 P.M. Vote:
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye. _
ie)
Being no further business, Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by i
1d
A joint Public Hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisor
the Appomattox County Planning Commission and the Board of Zonl
Appeals was held August 3, 1993 at 7:30 P.M. in the Courthouse, Nor
Court Street, Courthouse Square, Appomattox, Virginia.
Sal
Present (Board of Supervisors):
W. E. Jamerson, Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley, Falling River Distirct
Frank H. Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore, Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence, Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson, Interim County Administrator