Mr. Torrence welcomed Dr. Wheelan and Mrs. Ruth Webb.
Mrs. Webb began by explaining that she represented Appomattox County on,
the Central Virginia Community College Board. Mrs. Webb introduced Dr.
Wheelan and Mr. John Pool, Dean of Finance and Administrative Services,
and asked that they give an explanation to the Board of Supervisors ||
concerning their request for $71,221.00 for infrastructure for a new |
building at Central Virginia Community College. ||
||
Dr. Wheelan explained that due to a bond issue Central Virginia
Community College has a new building scheduled for construction. The |
problem that now exist is that the bond money may not be spent for site
development. Dr. Wheelan explained the requested funding amounts and
what the funding would be used for.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence assured Dr. Wheelan that the
Board would consider the request at budget time.
Mr. Torrence called Ann Lawson, Recreation Director to come before the |
Board and present recommendations from the Recreation Advisory |
Committee concerning policy on the use of the concession stand at the
ballpark and use of the ballfield.
Mrs. Lawson presented the Board with draft agreements for use of the
concession stand and ballfield.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
accept the following agreements:
APPOMATTOX COUNTY BALIL PARK CONCESSION STAND AGREEMENT
Any individual or group wishing to operate the Appomattox County
Ballpark Concession Stand will be expected to operate the concession
for all home games during the high school baseball season and the
Appomattox Youth Association Baseball season which is typically
March-July.
RULES FOR CONCESSION OPERATION
1. Any individual or group operating the concession will furnish all |
equipment and supplies needed. |
2. The concession stand should be kept clean at all times. The
county reserves the right to inspect the area monthly and spot
check the area if needed. No food or any other substance which
may attract insects is to be left open in the stand. The
concession stand is to be used for food items only. No equipment
should be stored in the concession stand.
3. At the end of the operating season the individual operating the
concession stand will have 30 days to remove all perishable food
and equipment. The concession stand should be cleaned throughly.
4. A $50.00 deposit will be collected at the beginning of the