141
Foreign Wars Post 9855. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of two (2) upcoming seminars - one (1)
sponsored by the State Division of Tourism March 28-30 in Richmond and
one (1) sponsored by the Department of Economic Development March 24,
1993 in Lynchburg. After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to send Mr. Rice and Mr. John Caldwell to the
seminar March 24 in Lynchburg for a total cost of $50.00. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Carwile to report on the status of the
Community Center Board’s "user’s fee" work. Mr. Carwile explained the
procedure used to develop the policy and submitted for consideration
the recommended user’s fee schedule and policy:
1. Building utilization will be on a 1st. come - 1st served basis, with
the exception of those organizations which have established a
contractual agreement with the Community Center for regular use.
2. There will be no fee for building utilization for nonprofit
organizations during normal operation hours (generally 8:30 a.m. to
5:00 p.m. Mon-Fri, excluding Holidays) when proper application has been
made at least 24 hours in advance.
3. There will be no fee for County supported nonprofit organizations
for after-hours use upon proper application, building availability, and
designation of a responsible person who may check-out the building key
and will ensure building maintenance and integrity.
4. There will be no fee for government or political sub-division
organizations for regular or after-hour use upon proper application,
building availability, and designation of a responsible person who may
check-out the building key and will ensure building maintenance and
integrity.
5. There will be no fee for nonprofit youth organizations which by
their charter or definition are established for youth under 18 years of
age upon proper application, building availability, and designation of
a responsible person who may check-out the building key and will ensure
the building maintenance and integrity.
6. All nonprofit groups and/or organizations not previously mentioned
shall pay $10.00 per hour for after-hour building utilization, upon
proper application and building availability.
7. All profit groups and/or organizations shall pay $10.00 per hour
for building utilization regardless of time or use, upon proper
application and building availability.
8. The Community Center Director, or designee, will determine proper
identification of "responsible person" in all areas previously
mentioned.