372
school has been closed. It is my understanding that tonights public
hearing will decide whether this bond proposal will be approved or
not. The list of questions regarding this bond issue gets longer ev
time I talk to someone.
1. When was the public hearing approving use of 2/3 of the million
dollars for construction of a sports complex? Why doesn’t public
opinion matter?
2. Why has it been deemed necessary to float a million dollar bond
now when the board has approved a motion to float an additional $3.2
million in 1995?
3. Why isn’t the full amount proposed for bonds of $4.25 being put
the November ballot so the public can make an informed decision?
4. Why is there a ground breaking ceremony scheduled for March 19
the sports complex when the majority of funds for construction of th
complex will come from the proposed million dollar bond issue which
hasn’t yet been passed?
5. Why is a new sports complex taking priority over the existing
needs for academic facilities for repair and replacement? How many oa
us would borrow money to put an addition on our house if the roof hai
hole in it?
6. How is it that based on approximately 2 dozen citizens showing
interest in the sports complex the majority of funds from the $1 mil
bond will go to the sports complex? Is this bond being pushed through
now only to facilitate the construction of the sports complex?
7. Doesn’t putting off the construction of a middle school now and
incurring additional debt service for renovation jeopardize this new
construction in future?
8. Wasn’t it the recommendation of Dr. Thomas and the school board)
build a new middle school and isn’t the proposed $4.25 million bond
issuance in line with Dr. Thomas’ projection for construction?
9. Have all possibilities been exhausted to provide our children w.
what they need?
10. Is renovating a building built in 1903 and previously renovated
the 30’s the best we can do for our children?
How appalling if it is.
I trust that you will vote down this proposed million dollar bond
issuance and put more effort into devising a well planned, well
constructed, educational facility."
Mr. Torrence thanked Mrs. Hoffman and asked if anyone else wished to
speak.
rnle!om =m)!
i
on
to