373
towards the in kind amount that would go towards the $125,000 match. Mr. Roark stated
he feels that though the donations of easements from several businesses you will come
up with what is going to be needed for match.
Chairman Craft asked if the County did not meet the $125,000 in match would it affect
the first grant that has already been received. Mr. Roark stated that it would not be
looked upon favorably if we did not meet the $125,000 match.
Mr. Tanner thanked Mr. Roark for the explanation that was given and stated that he now
understands this project a lot better.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Roark is trying to do all that he can to reduce cost this year
so that funds can be carried over to next year without a burden to the citizens.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the Endorsement Resolution for VDOT Grant. Mr.
Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Craft called for further discussion,
hearing no further comments, Chairman Craft called for a roll call vote: Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
ENDORSEMENT RESOLUTION
FOR SUBMITTAL TO THE
VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FOR A
FY 2009-2010 TRANSPORTATION ENHANCEMENT GRANT
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes the importance of highlighting the unique cultural,
historic, and natural resources of the community to ensure the quality of life for its residences
now and in the future; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, in partnership with the Town of Appomattox , the Appomattox
Court House National Historical Park, and citizen stakeholders developed and approved The
Appomattox Heritage and Recreational Trail Plan— A Vision of Connectivity as guiding
document create alternative transportation corridors in the community; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County adopted the Appomattox Greenways Masterplan — A Vision
for your Future as a detailed plan that highlights on-road and off-road connections to key
resources in the community; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County approved The Region 2000 Greenway, Blueways, and Trail
Plan, a regional preservation, trail, and alternative transportation plan; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Economic Development Authority approved the use of
EDA property for the utilization of a trail to provide for safe transportation of pedestrian to the
Appomattox County Community Park; and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth Transportation Board provided support for the development of a
pedestrian trail that will connect resources within the Town of Appomattox to the Appomattox
County Community Park through the award of an Enhancement Grant with the FY2008-2009
grant cycle;