416
was this not true?" "With that established you are still coming back
using that 30%. Let me remind you that the $300,000.00 that we are
talking about that could be a savings if it was put on hold, now the 3-
1/4 million. If we are looking at a 7 million dollar expenditure for a
new middle school, that the people are showing their desire and wishes
for, we must look back, and take it for face value what you have said,
that it would be, the first half of it supported with another 3-1/2
million dollars. Now, at the one penny generating $30,000.00, some
fast math would only give you $.16 or $.17 tax raise because you have
already made the first 3-1/2 million dollars." Mr. Carwile does not
understand where the $.30 tax increase comes in. Mr. Carwile asked if
Mr. Torrence could clear this up. Mr. Torrence stated that this had
been gone over time after time and that if Mr. Carwile could tell him
how the County could pay for a new middle school, he was willing to
listen. Mr. Torrence continued by saying that no one had explained
where this money would come from.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence entertained a motion to place
the issue of a new middle school on the November 1994 ballot, which
would put a halt on the present plans for renovation to the fine arts
building.
Mr. Carwile made a motion that the issue of the new middle school be
placed on the ballot for 1994, and put the plans for renovation to the
fine arts building on hold.
Mr. Torrence called for a second.
Mr. Paulette asked Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, what the deadline was
to get this issue on the ballot.
Mr. Lawson stated that he thought the petition with 200 signatures must
be in by June 15, 1994 with a Court Order issued by August 1, 1994.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lawson exactly what would go on the ballot.
Mr. Lawson said that the question would read, "Should the County borrow
X amount of dollars for a new middle school".
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence called for a second to Mr.
Carwile’s motion.
Mr. Paulette seconded the motion. Vote: Mr. Torrence, nay; Ms.
Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to rescind the
directive to the School Board, to spend $300,000.00 for — the
fine arts building. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Ms. Beasley, aye;
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
Mr. Torrence next called Dr. Thomas to appear before the Board.