504
Mr. Roark discussed the USDA Grant application and commented that it would not hurt to get
Hurt & Proffitt to move forward with this application as multiple sources of funding is the way
this project is going to happen. Mr. Roark stated that we have authorized Hurt & Proffitt to
complete the application to obtain the Stag Grant funds and it is about a two month delay on
applications with the Health Department, so we should find out what we will receive in May, and
we can submit the USDA application at anytime.
There was general discussion concerning applying for the USDA grant and Mr. Cotulla
explained the process and how it works.
Mr. Roark asked Mr. Cotulla to next explain the Preliminary Engineering Report.
Mr. Cotulla stated that he had looked at several different PER studies and pulled out summaries
of the alternatives that had been presented focusing work primarily on the Concord- Appomattox
Waterline. Mr. Cotulla continued by giving an in-depth explanation of the Preliminary
Engineering Report and cost estimates to the Board.
Mr. Dickerson stated that this waterline is a long term and major commitment that the County is
undertaking and it will initially be a struggle, but as we get customers and the economy tums
around and there is a demand for water we will be set for the future.
Mr. Roark called for questions from the Board. Hearing no questions, he requested the Board
take care of several items before entering into closed session.
Mr. Roark stated that the Board needed to consider moving forward with the authorization for
the tank and the waterline construction, with Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Spiggle going out and
making contact along with a county official. Mr. Dickerson and Mr. Spiggie would be
answering the technical questions that landowners may have.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to authorize Task 567 -Tank Construction to go along with the
waterline construction. Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing none, he called for Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion to authorize Hurt & Proffitt to prepare the application to submit to
USDA for the water line project. Mr. Craft seconded Mr. Moore’s motion. Chairman Conrad
called for discussion, hearing none, he called for a Roll Call Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Mr. Roark presented a copy of the water contract with CCUSA and stated that Mr. Overstreet has
reviewed this contract and finds everything in order.
Mr. Overstreet stated that he would like to point out a few items. One being the provision that the
County would not be able to resell water to the Town without CCUSA’s prior approval.