674
discussion, hearing none, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#4 - 460 Water Line Project and stated that
County Administrator had received a letter from Bart Van Nieuwenhuise, Appomattox Town
Manager and a resolution from Appomattox Town Council concerning issues relating to the 460
water line project. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt it would be prudent if the Board would table this issue for further
study.
Chairman Conrad stated that when this is brought up for discussion again we need to make a
determination on what we are looking for and if we want to do anything or not.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until after the New Year.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5A- Bids for installing lighting at
Convenience Centers and stated that enclosed are bid amounts received for installing lighting at
the convenience centers, and an update on the average amount of citizens using the convenience
centers after SPM for the month of October. Chairman Conrad called for discussion.
Mr. Craft stated that the Board does not have funds for this at this time.
Mr. Tanner stated that he feels there is a learning curve and the public is doing well now with the
hours we have in place and the Landfill is open on Wednesdays for emergencies. Mr. Tanner
stated that he understands that this is not convenient but it is viable and he would like to see this
issue tabled until we have had an opportunity to work on the new budget.
Chairman Conrad stated that we are still in early stages and it will be a good idea to table until
the new budget year.
Mr. Carter stated that this price is astronomical and what would be wrong in using a dust to dawn
light?
Ms. Ferguson stated that we are working on this but it is taking time dealing with power
companies but she does feel it would be a cheaper route.
It was the consensus of the Board to table this item until a later date.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item #5B- Broadband Authority Public Hearing and
stated that on October 29, 2009 the Tobacco Commission approved $50,000 for the creation of a
Broadband Authority for Appomattox County, He explained that in order to allow possible
private sector partners to qualify for stimulus funds, we need to move as quickly as possible