419
called on Mr. John Spencer, Assistant County Administrator to come and appear before the
Board as scheduled.
Mr. Spencer stated that he was just informed late this afternoon that the News and Advance will
be running an article on Region 2000 Broadband Initiative and felt he should give the Board a
heads up on what this is about.
Mr. Spencer stated that in the last several weeks there has been a lot of talk about the economic
stimulus package and one of the major points is Broadband particularly in the rural areas. This is
one of President Elect Obamas main priorities and also Governor Kaine for the state as well. In
preparation for this the Governor’s office has asked the localities and various regional agencies
to submit broadband projects to the Governor’s office by December 17". The Region 2000
Economic Development Council speculated numbers for project cost from an Amherst County
study that was done recently and they have provided a scope of work to the state for a regional
project broken down by County and City within the Region and that was submitted by the
December 17" deadline. We do not know how much money will be coming from the
Governor’s office or when it will be coming. Mr. Spencer stated that he just wanted to make the
Board aware of this project and hopefully we will be receiving some money for this.
Chairman Conrad called for any questions that the Board may have, hearing none, Chairman
Conrad thanked Mr. Spencer for providing the Board with this information.
Chairman Conrad next presented Administrative Item #1 -Planning Commission
Recommendation — Goodman Subdivision Waiver Request and called for discussion.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Roark to come and explain the options that have been given to
Mr. Goodman.
Mr. Roark came forward and explained the different options that are available to Mr. Goodman
without requiring a waiver of the subdivision ordinance. Mr. Roark explained that if Mr.
Goodman tries to meet our ordinance today under these options you are taking a piece of
property that is viable for future housing growth and rendering it useless, because all these
options take away viability for future streets and future developments. Mr. Roark stated that the
options will take the piece of property out of play for future development growth.
Chairman Conrad called for questions from the Board.
Mr. Craft stated that he has discussed this several times with Mr. Goodman and based on the
conditions as presented he is in favor of granting a waiver.
Mr. Tanner stated that if you look at the three conditions to qualify for a waiver which is (a)
unusual situation that creates a substantial injustice or hardship, (b) unreasonable burden is
created by the minimum requirement, and (c) there is no substantial adverse effect on future
residents nor adjoining property owners and based on what Mr. Roark has said about wanting it
to stay close to the population instead of going out into the county again and developing, that he
is very much in favor of this waiver.