140
WHERFAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
knowledge, (i) only public business matters lawfully exempted from
open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and
(ii) only such executive matters were heard; discussed or
considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson summarized the status of the proposed landfill
construction. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
advertise for bids to open new cell "I" and close sections "E" and "F"
as soon as possible. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile stated that if this was the consensus of the Board, the
Board should proceed with all possible speed because he felt the County
would be dollars ahead.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt there was rio other feasible choice and he
was pleased the County could proceed with such a large cell.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the request of the
Central Virginia Economic Development Corporation to help fund the
administrations of the Central Virginia Economic Development
Corporation.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
not provide financial support for the Central Virginia Economic
Development Corporation. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider a request from the
Appomattox River Water Authority to appoint a representative to a
Watershed Management Committee for the Leke Chesdin watershed. After
discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
appoint someone to represent Appomattox County on the Lake Chesdin
Watershed Management Committee and ask Mr. Berk Drinkard if he would
serve in this capacity. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the application of the
Veterans of Foreign Wars for a Bingo and Raffle Permit. Messrs.
Torrence and Jamerson reminded the administrator that Bingo was not
allowed in the Community Center. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded
by Mr. Moore to approve the Bingo and Raffle Permit for the Veterans of