County’s Casualty Insurance. Also, Mr. Rice furnished a copy
of the statue governing the selection process and a copy of
the proposed specifications.
Mr. Rice next furnished each Board member a history of the
County’s past years contributions to the Appomattox County
Rescue Squad as requested at a previous meeting.
Being no further business, Mrs. Beasley made a motion at 8:47
P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence to adjourn until 7:00 P.M.
November 5, 1992. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, Sei yee SS EPenen aye.
CO, ”
chaseman
nN)
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors was called to order by Chairman Jamerson in the
Courthouse, Appomattox, Virginia at 5:00 P.M. November 4,
i992.
Present:
W. E. Jamerson, Chairman, Courthouse District
Dennis Torrence, Vice Chairman, Appomattox River Dist.
Nina Beasley, Falling River District
Frank Carwile, Wreck Island District
Russell Moore, Piney Mt. District (late)
Gordon L. Rice, County Administrator
Absent:
None
Also present:
Charlie Peterson, Landfill Supervisor
David Garrett, Public Works Director, Town of Appomattox
Mr. Jamerson called the meeting to order at 5:00 P.M. and
asked Mr. Peterson to show a video of the brush "chipper"
which he and Mr. Garrett were proposing the County and Town
jointly purchase and use. Mr.Peterson pointed out the
machine had four (4) cutting blades which would last from
eight (8) months to one (1) year if used every day. These
blades cost $28.00 a piece to replace.
Mr. Garrett noted the features of the Woodchuck Chipper made
by John Deere. This chipper costs $14,495.00 and can be
delivered in 30 to 45 days. This cost compares to $18,000.00
which had been quoted on a similar chipper of another
manufacturer.
Mr. Jamerson suggested this equipment would be eligible for
funding from the Landfill Bond money.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence that approximately $7,250.00 be appropriated from
the Landfill Bond money to pay the County’s share of the John
075