259
Bruce Drinkard
William Turner
Absent (Board of Zoning Appeals):
Sharon Bonaventura
Jessee Hancock
The Public Hearing having been duly advertised was called to order at
7:30 P.M. by Mr. Torrence presiding. Mr. Torrence stated the purpose!
of the hearing, explained the procedure to be followed and called Mr.
Caldwell to read the first petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #93-201 of Stephen E & Laura P. Lawson
who is seeking a Conditional Use Permit for Room Rental Inn. Property
is located at 111 Court Street across from Post Office. Property is
zoned B-1.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
petition. Hearing none, Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell next read petition #93-203 of James C. Arrington for
a Conditional Zoning Permit to allow double-wide mobile home installed
on Property zoned R-1 adjacent A-1 district. Property is located off
Route 669 between Route 608 and Route 608.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
petition. Hearing none, Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Caldwell to read the
next petition to be considered.
Mr. Caldwell next read petition #93-204 of Jerry G. Kendrick for a
Variance to Paragraph 170.81 of Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance}
pertaining to Accessory Building Requirements. Property is zoned A-1
and is located on Route 616 between Route 631 and Route 24.
Mr. Torrence asked to hear comments from anyone concerning this
petition. Hearing none, and being no further petitions to consider,
Mr. Torrence declared the Public Hearing closed at 7:37 P.M.
la
Vice-Chairman
The regularly scheduled monthly meeting of the Appomattox County Boal
of Supervisors was held in the Board’s meeting room, Courthouse Squar’
Appomattox, Virginia, Monday, September 13, 1993 at 7:00 P.M.
Present: W. E. "Bill" Jamerson - Courthouse District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
SHER
rd
e;4