120
WHEREAS, Gordon Rice, County Administrator, can act on behalf
of Appomattox County and will sign all necessary
documents required to complete the proposal process, and
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Board of Supervisors
of Appomattox County hereby authorizes Gordon Rice,
County Administrator, to apply for and accept
participation in and enter into an Agreement with the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development
and undertake any and all actions and responsibilities
in relation to such Agreement.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Rice informed the Board of a request from Dr. Thomas to
include a member of the Board of Supervisors on the selection
committee considering the proposals from seven (7) architects
to provide the School Board with a feasibility study
comparing renovation of the middle school to construction of
new facility. After discussion and by consensus, the Board
asked Mr. Moore to represent them on this committee. The
interviews are to be January 26 and 27, 1993 from 12:00 noon
to 4:30 P.M.
Mr. Rice next presented the Board the Multi-Jurisdictional
Disability Services Board Agreement. After discussion, Mr.
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to approve
the agreement subject to the review of the County Attorney.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye. The agreement is to
be on file at the County Administrator’s Office and was
Signed by Mr. Jamerson, Chairman, January 11, 1993.
The Board next considered three (3) variance requests to the
Solid Waste Regulations recommended by Hurt & Proffitt, the
Landfill Engineers. One dated 11/16/92 asks to design the
proposed expansion of the County’s landfill using the less
stringent EPA regulations. Another dated 12/15/92 asks to
install a "witness zone" to isolate and better monitor the
expansion area and the third dated 12/30/92 asks’ to
substitute polyethylene pipe for schedule 80 pvc pipe. After
review, the Board by consensus agreed to apply to the
Division of Waste Management for these three (3) variances.
The Board next considered the purchase of additional casualty
insurance to cover costs of claims which may arise subsequent
to occurrence. After debate and discussion, the Board took
no action.
Mrs. Beasley suggested the County Administrator request from
Department Heads inventories of County owned personal
property. The Board by consensus directed Mr. Rice to
request the inventories.
Mr. Jamerson asked the status of updates to the County Code.