101
graduate of Appomattox High School, served 30 years in the
Coast Guard, returned to Appomattox to live in retirement,
and became active in various community affairs. Mr. English
died in 1992 and is buried in the Rhode Island State Veterans
Cemetery. The flag was used to drape Mr. English’s cofin
during his funeral which was conducted with military honors
and will be flown at the County Courthouse. Mr. Jamerson
thanked Mr. House, asked Mrs. Beasley to accept the flag on
behalf of the County, and directed Mr. Rice to write Mrs.
English acknowledging receipt and thanking her.
Mr. Jamerson then called Mrs. Ann Lawson, Recreation
Director. Mrs. Lawson presented a proposal from the
Recreational Advisory Committee to upgrade and improve the
ballpark which will soon be donated to the County by the Town
of Appomattox. The Committee recommends fences be installed
down the left field and right field lines and in front of the
dugouts to protect spectators and players from foul balls.
Also recommended is_ some regrading in right field to
facilitate drainage, construction of a roof between the first
base dugout and the press box to protect equipment storage,
and the purchase of some aluminum bleachers to replace the
Old wooden bleachers’ currently in use. Further, the
Committee recommends the VFW rent advertising signs to be
installed on the outfield fences and the proceeds donated to
the County to finance these recommendations. The VFW has
agreed to undertake this project. The rent for the signs is
proposed to be $250.00 per three (3) years use. Mr. Torrence
made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to grant permission
for the VFW to sell advertising signs to be installed on the
outfield fence. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mrs. Beasley to present Mr. Jim Smith
with a plaque from the Board of Supervisors thanking him for
his service to the County in the area of economic
development. The plaque reads:
Presented to James A. Smith in appreciation for his
dedicated and tireless volunteered service on behalf of
Appomattox county and its citizens as their
representative to the Region 2000 Board of Directors,
Region 2000 Marketing Community, Region 2000 Existing
Business Committee, Central Virginia Economic
Development Corporation and other economic development
responsibilities from January 19, 1989 to September 17,
LODZ»
Given by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors this
14th day of December 1992.
W. E. "Bill" Jamerson, Chairman
Dennis W. Torrence, Vice Chairman
Nina B. Beasley
Frank H. Carwile
Russell H. Moore
Mr. Smith accepted and thanked the Board for the recognition