374
Ms. Lindsay began by giving a brief explanation of the County Primary
and Secondary Road Fund (Revenue Sharing Program) and requested the
Board members review the information presented on this fund and be
prepared at the April meeting to make a decision on whether to apply
for these funds.
Mr. Torrence asked if anyone had any questions for Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Torrence questioned the route that was staked for the improvements
to state route 701.
Ms. Lindsay said that the route had been staked where the park service
required.
Mr. Torrence stated that he had spoken with Mr. Montgomery and they
were willing to work with the County on this project.
Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Lindsay if she had a report for him on route 608,
Ms. Lindsay explained that with the weather problems, they have not had
an opportunity to do any work in this area. Also, the weather
conditions have not been appropriate for this type of work.
Mr. Carwile asked about the sign at Mt. Obed Church.
Ms. Lindsay said that traffic engineering has not responded to her
request as of this meeting.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Torrence thanked her and
recognized Ms. Dorothy Freeman, District Director, Virginia Cooperative
Extension.
Ms. Freeman began by saying that she would try to answer any questions
the Board had concerning the Memorandum of Understanding requested by
Virginia Cooperation Extension.
Ms. Freeman explained that Virginia Cooperative Extension tried to
update the agreements periodically with each locality.
After discussing several concerns that the Board members had, Ms.
Freeman agreed to rework the agreement and return for Board approval at
the April 1994 meeting.
Mr. Torrence thanked Ms. Freeman for her time and called Mr. John
Montoro, Montoro and Associates, Inc. to appear before the Board.
Mr. Montoro began by presenting the Board with a handout showing
comparisons with other similar size localities. (Handout in March 1994
Board File). Mr. Montoro continued with general information concerning
the FY93 audit.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence thanked and excused Mr. Montoro and
called Dr. Belle S. Wheelan, President, Central Virginia Community
College.