161
After Mr. Lawson reviewed the proposed lease, Mr. Torrence made a
motion seconded by Mr. Carwile for the County to enter into a lease
agreement with the Town to lease approximately 8000 square feet
adjacent to Route 604 from the Town to be used solely as a dumpster
container site for use by all county citizens. The lease is to run for
fifteen (15) years and the annual lease payment is $1.00 per year.
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Next Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept Mr.
W. Frank Moore’s bid of $12,771.31 to prepare the site. The funds are
to be paid from the proceeds of the Landfill Bond money. Vote: Mr.
Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Peterson to obtain signage to direct the people
from the old site to the new site.
Mr. Peterson next informed the Board a Pre- Construction Conference for
the Landfill work has been scheduled for Wednesday April 21, 1993.
Mr. Rice next informed the Board that representative from the
Environmental Protection Agency, will inspect the Landfill at 11:00
A.M. Friday April 23, 1993.
Mr. Jamerson thanked and excused Mr. Peterson and, noting several
people in attendance, asked if anyone from the audience wished to
address the Board. Mrs. Barbara Pettit rose and introduced herself.
Mrs. Pettit explained she had recently moved into the County and
expressed concerns about the short adoption time for animals at the
Animal Shelter.
Mr. John Notestein asked to speak next. Mr. Notestein explained his
desire to build a fence from large tires to control dogs and deer from
running onto his property. Mr. Notestein asked the Board to give
preliminary approval of a short section of the proposed tire fence on
an experimental basis. The Board discussed the proposal at length and
asked Mr. Rice to check with the State Department of Waste Management
concerning the procedures involved and aclvise the Board.
Mr. Jamerson next asked Mr. Carwile to report on the work of the
Auditor Selection Committee. Mr. Carwile reviewed the procedure used,
reported the recommendation of the committee, and made a motion
seconded by Mrs. Beasley to accept the proposal of Montoro Associates
to preform the County’s audit and Cost Allocation Plan for FY92 ata
cost not to exceed $13,000.00. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile next asked the Board to consider hiring someone twice a
year to give shots to pets. Mr. Carwile felt veterinary’s fees for
this service was excessive and unnecessary for all shots except
rabies. A discussion followed. No action on this matter was asked for
nor taken.