605
On Tuesday, August 17, 2009 at 6:15 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
public hearing at the Appomattox Community Center, located at 220 Park Lane, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Present: Board of Supervisors
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson- County Administrator
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J.G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Johnnie Roark — Planner
Absent: Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Chairman Conrad called the public hearing to order at 6:15 p.m. and explained that the purpose
of this public hearing would be to receive public comment on the proposed changes to the
Subdivision and Zoning Ordinances.
Chairman Conrad called on Mr. Roark to come forward and explain the proposed changes to the
subdivision ordinance.
Mr. Roark came forward and explained that the amendments to the subdivision ordinance were
originally brought to the Board several months ago and the purpose of these changes were to
clarify what we are already doing, but in the ordinance you had to go to several different places
to find some of the rules, so we are trying to clarify the rules. Mr. Roark explained that the
planning commission had gone back and reviewed the agricultural subdivisions which are 20
acre plus tracts and the planning commission voted to omit this. Mr. Roark stated that this would
affectively do if passed would mean that all lots when subdivided, no matter the size, would have
to be perked.
Chairman Conrad stated that basically the planning commission wants to see all land perked no
matter what it is zoned. Mr. Roark explained that this would have to be on all subdivided
property.
Mr. Roark also explained the addition of Section 5.24 which is addressing the public utility lots
which are a companion amendment to the zoning ordinance which adds the same language in
Section 170-77 when creating a public utility lot and exempting them from lot size and setbacks.
Mr. Roark stated that is the explanation of the proposed amendments.
Mr. Conrad called for questions and comments from the public.