464
A special meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was
held at 7:00 P.M. July 21, 1994 in the Board of Supervisor’s meeting
room adjacent to the Circuit Court Clerk’s Office. The meeting was
requested by Supervisors Torrence and Beasley to consider a personnel
matter.
Mr. Torrence, Chairman, presiding called the meeting to order at 7:00
P.M.
Present:
Dennis W. Torrence, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Nina B. Beasley - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Philip E. "Gus" Paulette - Courthouse District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
All members of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
County Attorney signed a written waiver of the notice and Chairman
Torrence directed the County Administrator to file the waiver in the
Office of the County Administrator.
Mr. Torrence began the meeting by explaining that this meeting had
been called to discuss a personnel matter which called for an
executive session.
At 7:05 P.M. Mr. Paulette made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to
enter into Executive Session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr.
Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Paulette, it was
resolved the Board of Supervisors return to regular session at 8:12
P.M. Vote: Mr. Torrence, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Paulette, aye.
On a motion by Mrs. Beasley seconded by Mr. Paulette the following
resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting on this date pursuant to an affirmative recorde
vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom
of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certifies that, to the best of each member’s
|