559
Mr. Roark came forward and began by stating that we are making progress as we move forward
on the water line project and the preliminary design is nearly complete subject to a couple of
decisions the Board will need to make on the water tank site and pump station site. Mr. Roark
stated that we are very close to making our submittal to the Health Department which we are
hoping to get submitted by the middle of July.
Mr. Roark stated that the time line we are looking at is from July — September we will be
working with the Health Department Review and October — November we will be bidding out
the project and picking a contractor and in December start construction with January 2011
construction being completed. Mr. Roark stated that all of this is subject to change as we move
along.
Mr. Roark stated that some issues that need to be resolved are with some of the properties that
are located on Route 800 back up to Route 460 the property owners want to connect to the
waterline. Mr. Roark stated we will need to get authorization to include them in the project.
Mr. Roark stated that the Stag Grant was submitted about two weeks ago. Mr. Roark stated that
we have submitted the application to Rural Development and received comments with about
fifteen minor items that needed to be addressed. Mr. Roark stated that those items have been
addressed and re-submitted.
Mr. Roark stated that Congressman Perriello has sent some very positive feedback on the water
line and feels that someone needs to make a trip to Washington and talk with him as he seems in
favor of supporting us with some funding. Mr. Roark stated that we need to put together a team
to go to Washington and try to get some funding. Mr. Roark stated that the Board should put
together a small group and go to Washington and it needs to happen in a timely fashion.
Mr. Roark passed out documents from CCUSA and explained it was a copy of what was
submitted and CCUSA has addressed the Boards concerns.
Mr. Roark stated that the Board needed to consider what type of water tank that they would like
to purchase. Mr. Roark gave the differences of the type of water tanks. Mr. Roark stated that this
decision would need to be made at the next meeting at the latest.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to authorize Hurt & Proffitt to proceed with the design on Stratford
Road (Route 800). Mr. Carter seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Chairman Conrad called for
discussion, hearing no discussion, he called for a vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Conrad presented Administrative Item#4 — Zoning and Subdivision Ordinances and
stated that Mr. Roark would like to discuss proposed changes to the zoning and subdivision
ordinance and possibly schedule a public hearing for receiving comments on these proposed
changes. Chairman Conrad stated that Mr. Roark would like the Board to schedule an hour prior
to the next regular scheduled meeting in order to go over these changes in some detail.
Chairman Conrad stated that Mr. Roark also has a complete revision to the Zoning Ordinance
that he will be asking the Board to approve.