199
Also, the Board by consensus agreed Chairman Jamerson should speak jon
behalf of the Board at the upcoming public hearing Tuesday May 25, 159
at Buckingham County High School.
Further, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile th
letters be sent Melissa Whittington, EPA Remedial Project Manage
Patrick Ganghan, EPA Superfund Community Relations; Delegate Watki
Abbitt, Jr; and Representative L. F. Payne expressing the Boar
concerns. Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwi
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Lawson next informed the Board the Sheriff had requested the Co
purchase a new lawn mower since there had been so much recent tro
with the one now in use. After discussion, Mr. Jamerson asked Mr. Ri
to investigate and take appropriate action.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the funding level for t
Fire Department. The Board by consensus agreed to fund the Fi
Departments for FY94 at the same level as FY93.
Mr. Rice informed the Board that Animal Warden, Paul Nix, had resigned
effective June 11, 1993. After considerable discussion, Mr. Carwiil
made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to advertise for a replacement
as soon aS possible and not to include the salary in the advertisement
OoTM
Merit salary increases for several individual employees was n
discussed. Mrs. Beasley made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile {t
increase salaries effective July 1, 1993 as follows:
Cloud Abernathy - $2000.00
David Phillips - 5%
Ottie Conner - 5%
Ann Lawson —- 5%
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the revised FY94 Budge
requests from the Sheriff. These were reviewed and discussed. No
exceptions were taken.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to consider the FY94 Budget reques
LO
from the Health Department. Several questions were raised. The
asked Mr. Rice to contact the Health Department for clarifications
report findings to the Board at the next meeting.
Mr. Jamerson next asked the Board to reconsider the request from
Southside Training Employment Placement Services, Inc. (STEPS),
Sheltered Workshop in Farmville. After discussion and review,
Carwile made a motion seconded by Mrs. Beasley to contribute $4,500.00
in FY94 to Southside Training Employment Placement Services, I
Vote: Mr. Jamerson, aye; Mrs. Beasley, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.