WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County wants to do everything possible to
protect the health, safety ands welfare of its citizens and to project water quality, but is limited due to
a Virginia Supreme Court decision that a locality cannot ban the spreading of sewage sludge; and
WHEREAS, the same Board has heard conflicting reports from its citizens, the Virginia
Department of Health and the Environmental Protection Agency regarding the long-term health
and environmental effects of spreading of sewage sludge onto the land; and
WHEREAS, the sewage sludge spreading industry has raised challenges and questions regrading
local government authority to regulate the land application of sewage sludge, placing local
governments in a difficult and potentially expensive position of facing repeated litigation over
ordinances they may pass to protect their citizens,
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does
hereby request the Commonwealth of Virginia, Department of Health to not issue any further permits
for the spreading of sewage sludge or “biosolids” in Appomattox County until the scientific data is
uniform and the practice is proven safe to the satisfaction of Appomattox County; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, would like
legislation in order to clarify that a locality has full authority regarding the land application of
sewage sludge; and
BE IT FURTHER AND FINALLY RESOLVED that this resolution is forwarded to the
Department of Health, the Senator Frank Ruff and Delegate Watkins Abbitt for their
consideration.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
3. Intensive Livestock Ordinance: Revised draft of the Intensive Livestock Ordinance has been
received by the Board. The concerns expressed by the Board at its last review have been
addressed. The Board may wish to set a public hearing date at this or its next meeting if it
wishes to proceed with this ordinance.
Mr. Carter questioned the minimum acreage requirements. Is this for individual types of livestock or
a combination of all. (i.e. poultry & beefcattle) He feels this should be clarified in the ordinance.
Mr. Carwile sees no reason to delay.
Mr. Carroll will get a clarification on this issue prior to the next Board meeting.
4. Proposed Amendment to Zoning Ordinance: The Planning Commission has forwarded to
the Board a proposed amendment to the zoning ordinance regarding two (2) dwellings on a
lot. A public hearing will be required prior to making this change.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to hold a public hearing on the proposed