Mrs. Janice Marston came forward and gave her address as Route 1, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Marston began that she was the principal at Appomattox Elementary
School and that she was representing the staff. Mrs. Marston continued by going down a
list of problems with the present facility and explained that she was not in favor of
renovation. Mrs. Marston continued that she would encourage the Board to put the best
interest of the children first and asked that the Board consider the safety and security
issues in making their decision.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Ms. Kimberley W. Ray came forward and gave her address as Route 2 , Appomattox,
Virginia. Ms. Ray began that she was in favor of renovation of the present facility. Ms.
Ray continued that if the Board decided to build new she would like to see the original
Carver Price name returned to the building and the Board provide a budget to keep the
facility up. Ms. Ray in closing stated that she did not want to see Carver Price vacant.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Ms. Susan Book came forward and gave her address as Route 5, Appomattox, Virginia.
Ms. Book began that she would much rather see a school on the Bryant site than a jail.
Ms. Book stated that she had concerns that the Courtland site and the Bryant site were the
only sites that had been studied. Ms. Book continued by asking if there was a dead line
on making the decision. Ms. Book stated that she realized that there were ventilation
problems with the present school but she also felt for the people who live around the
proposed Bryant site. Ms. Book stated that she hoped the Board would take into
consideration what placing a school on the Bryant site would do to the people who lived
around there. Ms. Book also asked the Board to consider the taxpayers when making
their decision.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Milton Chambers came forward and gave his address as Route 3, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Chambers began that he may have missed some of the facts but he felt that
renovation of the elementary school should be looked at carefully. Mr. Chambers
continued that if you could renovate the middle school he did not understand why you
could not renovate the elementary school.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Bill Hunter came froward and stated that he was not against a new school but he was
concerned about the dollars and the cost to the taxpayers. Mr. Hunter also said that he
was concerned with the number of acres that was being purchased for the proposed
elementary school project. Mr. Hunter asked the Board to cut down on the acreage that
they are planning to purchase for the elementary school if at all possible.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.