173
Mr. Robert Brown — Assistant Resident Administrator - VDOT
Mr. Clayton Thomas ~— Contract Administrator- VDOT
Chairman Craft called the public hearing to order at 6:00 p.m.
Chairman Craft explained that the purpose of this public hearing would be to receive
public comment on the proposed Six Year Plan for fiscal year 2008-09 through 2013-14
in Appomattox County on the secondary system construction budget.
Mr. Austin — Resident Administrator Appomattox VDOT explained he would accept
comments on the temporary plan that was put together by Virginia Department Of
Transportation showing the proposed expenditure of funds received for Appomattox
County. Mr. Austin explained the total amount of funds for Appomattox County for
FY2009 is $993,108. Final allocations for next year’s budget will not be determined until
June.
Mr. Austin explained in detail the Secondary System Construction Program elaborating
on the amounts of money allocated for the previously projected county projects.
Mr. Austin explained that all federal money that has been received must be spent on
federal eligible roads, which limits what roads this money can be spent on.
Mr. Austin explained that some money has been received for the bridge fund and they
must obligate a certain amount of funds for bridges which VDOT determines to be a
eligible for repairs or replacement.
Mr. Austin stated that all funds for FY09 are obligated.
Mr. Austin asked for comments from the Board and if they felt that any of the previously
named priorities had changed.
Several Board members stated that they felt the priorities are the same as they were
previously projected.
Mr. Austin called for any questions that the Board may have on this budget.
Mr. Austin called for request on new road improvements.
Chairman Craft stated that he had concerns with state Route 619, which Mr. Brown
addressed and stated that the bridge was going to be replaced, but it was not eligible for
paving.
Mr. Tanner questioned the travel count on Route 605. Mr. Brown stated that the count
was 70 vehicles.