091
helping make this possible. In closing Ms. Harrup thanked the Board for the appointment
of Mr. James Smith and explained that Mr. Smith was a valuable asset to them.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Ms. Harrup.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked the Board if they felt the September 20, 1999 meeting should be
moved to another location?
Mr. Bosiger stated that item number 16 under administrative items were addressing that
same issue.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to hold the
September 20, 1999 meeting in the high school in order to accommodate a large number
of people. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for other concerns.
Mr. Torrence presented the other members of the Board with a handout on debt service.
(Handout on file in the County Administrator’s Board Book).
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Carter began that he had visited with the residents on Route 642 and a name had
been chosen for this road. Mr. Carter gave the name as Country Estate Road.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to name secondary road number 642
Country Estate Road. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then presented a handout that provided his notes from the school tour for the
Board to review. (Handout on file in the County Administrator’s Board Book).
Mr. Carwile asked why construction was still in progress at the high school on the roof
repairs? Mr. Carwile stated that his understanding was the roof repairs would be
completed prior to school starting in September 1999.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she would look into this.
Mr. Bosiger explained that someone had approached him on behalf of Leon Lewis
concerning a problem with the installation of a mobile home on a lot. Mr. Bosiger
continued that when the Board changed the ordinance to allow only one dwelling per
parcel in A-1 Mr. Lewis was caught with a mobile home that he had stationed but had not
gotten the permit for and therefore he could not install this unit.