Memorandum of Understanding with Lyn-Cag to administer the Rental Housing Assistance Program
for Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carwile; abstained.
5. Industrial Development Fund: The Board at its Budget Workshop has discussed the possibility
of creating an Industrial Development Fund in the amount of $100,000. The Board needs to adopt
a resolution if it agrees to create this Fund.
Mr. Carwile raised some questions regarding establishing this fund.
After lengthy discussion, the Board by consensus, decided not to establish the Industrial
Development Fund and not to include this $100,000 in the upcoming budget.
6. Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission: There is
$45,000 available to Appomattox County as a result of the Virginia Tobacco settlement. Mr. Carroll
is requesting the Board to consider applying a $5,000 in matching grant funds for the purpose of
signage. These funds could be used for improving or replacing welcome signs at the entrances to
the County, etc. The deadline for submitting grant requests is May 15, 2001.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the $5,000 matching funds and
allowing a grant application be submitted prior to the deadline of May 15, 2001. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
The Board next considered the Consent Agenda: (Items 7 - 17)
7. Approval of Minutes: Approve minutes of regular meeting of April 2, 2001; minutes of Public
Hearing of April 2, 2001 on Proposed Telecommunication Facilities Ordinance; regular meeting of
April 16, 2001 and Public Hearing with Planning Commission on April 16, 2001.
8. Approval of Bills: Approve payment of Bills for Month of April, 2001.
Board Action:
9. New Elementary School: The Board will continue to waive the permit fees associated with
construction of the new elementary school, such as: Erosion & Sediment Control; Building Permit
and Landfill fees.
10. FCCLA: This group from the Appomattox County High School has requested the Board
donate funds toward a trip to California. The total cost involved is around $11,000. Mr. Carroll was
instructed at a previous meeting to review similar requests. The Board denied a similar request in
April 2000. By approving the Consent Agenda, the Board will deny this request.
By consensus, the Board tabled this request.
11. Lion’s Club Food Festival: The Lion’s Club has submitted an application to hold their Food
Festival on May 18, 2001 at Paradise Lake. They also request that the bond and fee be waived. The
Board should amend the permit to read: 1) Garbage and trash disposal must be handled by either a
private contractor or hauled directly to the landfill; 2) Sanitation facilities (port-a-johns) will be