209
Mr. Conrad questioned if the new Commissioner of Revenue’s position would be the
same salary as the previous. Ms. Ferguson explained that Sarah would have to go
through the certification process before she can make the full salary of the previous
Commissioner.
Mr. Conrad would like Ms. Ferguson to check with the Commissioner of Revenue to see
why the increase in 1209-3004 (Repairs) and 1209-3005 (Maintenance).
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Commissioner of Revenue is requesting two new computers
for her office. The County purchased one computer earlier this year which was for Sarah.
Ms. Ferguson stated that generally the Board does not give more that the Compensation
Board is willing to pay for part-time money to Constitutional Officers.
Mr. Spencer explained the new department for the Information Technology. Mr. Spencer
explained that at least $88,000 that has been moved from other department budgets to this
budget.
Mr. Spencer explained that the $66,500 is for a four year old AS400 that needs to be
replaced and also we are in year one of a five year leasing plan that is included in that
figure.
Mr. Spencer explained that $30,000 is in this budget for a GIS and server. This includes
the server, software, upgrades to current licenses we currently have and also one editor
license. The editor license is required to make needed changes.
Mr. Spencer explained that Ms. Barbara Williams will be paying the first year payment
for a large copier that will be housed in the County Administrative Office.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Ms. Williams will be able to request money each year for this
until we have finished paying for this.
Mr. Spencer explained that this copier will be used by not only our office for subdivision
plans but by the Clerk of the Court and Commissioner of Revenue and E911 office for
various projects.
Mr. Spencer stated that the $10,000 in networking equipment is an estimation only.
Mr. Spencer explained that he had included $10,000 for a sound system for the Board
meeting room at the Community Center. Mr. Spencer stated that most of the sound
system equipment that the Board is using was purchased used. Mr. Spencer stated that the
price put in the budget is a price he received back in December.
After discussion of the Board on the sound system it was decided that $1,500 would be
put in the budget for microphones and not the full amount budgeted for a sound system.