646
County. This area will (a) contain a minimum of 10,000 square feet, (b) be paved and
include a paved road from Route 609, (c) be fenced off from the remainder of the
Transfer Station, and (d) will be open during the same hours of operation as the Transfer
Station. The Applicant will open, close and lock the gate of the convenience center and
remove litter on a daily basis. The County will make improvements, man the
convenience center and contract for waste removal as its deems appropriate.
9. All solid waste will be contained at all times.
10. The Applicant shall operate a system designed to maintain odors, and shall maintain a
third party contract to control vector/pest issues.
11. For so long as the Transfer Station is in operation, the Applicant shall maintain a closed
monitoring camera system at all times during the hours in which the Transfer Station is
closed.
12. The Applicant shall post a 24-hour contact number for emergencies, concerns or
complaints involving the facility.
13. Any and all salvage vehicles, disabled vehicles not under active repair and spare parts
will be enclosed.
14. The Applicant will direct all commercial vehicles under its control to exit the facility
under a “right turn only” policy so that such vehicles will return directly to Route 460 via
State Route 609.
15. The facility shall be limited to accepting 1,000 tons per day, based on a thirty-day
average.
16. The facility shall maintain a buffer area along U. S. Route 460, fifty feet in depth, which
buffer area shall consist of landscaping as approved by the County at the time of Plan of
Development review. In addition, the western portion of the buffer area shall retain its
natural vegetation. The buffer area, post construction, shall be impacted only by future
ingress and egress needs, signage and utilities as approved by the County at the time of
Plan of Development review.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
2. VACo’s 2005 Legislative Program: The Board has received VACO’s 2005 Legislative
Program priorities. Does the Board have any comments?
There were no additions or comments from the Board at this time.
3. Carver-Price Alumni Association Memorandum of Understanding: Mr. Overstreet
has responded to the Board’s request to review the Memorandum of Understanding
presented at a previous meeting by Ms. McCoy, of the Alumni Association.
Mr. Carter stated there is already in existence an agreement with the School Board for use of
areas of the Carver-Price Building. It is probably in the best interest of the County at this time to
lease to the Carver-Price Alumni Association for an amount of $1.00 per year, the four rooms of