214
On Wednesday, March 19, 2008 at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board ofSupervisors held a budget work session at the Appomattox County Administration
Building, located on 153A Morton Lane, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad -~ Falling River District
Russell H. Moore ~ Piney Mountain District
Gary W. Tanner — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson -- County Administrator
Vicky Phelps — Administrative Assistant
Chairman Craft called the budget work session to order.
Chairman Craft presented the revised budget schedule. After discussion of the revised
schedule Mr. Tanner made a motion to adopt the revised budget schedule and Mr. Conrad
seconded the motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner.
Chairman Craft turned the work session over to Ms. F: erguson to begin presenting the
FY2009 budget expenditures.
Ms. Ferguson began with the Witness Advocate Grant and explained that this is a
$40,000 grant received by the Commonwealth Attomeys office. It is presently being
used for Juvenile Court.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Victim/Witness Grant budget. Ms. Ferguson explained that
she had figured a two percent increase in salary. Ms. Ferguson also explained that the
State will not be giving her as much money as they have in the past, so after talking with
Mary Anne, office supplies and equipment will be removed from her budget and she willbe using the County Administration supplies and equipment.
The next budget for review was the Sheriffs Department. Ms. Ferguson stated that she
had recalculated all salaries at two a percent increase and recalculated the benefits also.
There was discussion again of the Victim/Witness Advocate budget and what was going
to be reimbursed by the State and what the County is responsible for paying.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the County is not mandated to pick up any of the portion of the
salaries that are being cut or already been cut by state but at some point you have to cut
your services that you provide to citizens.
Ms. Ferguson presented the Sheriffs town budget. She stated that the Town is already not
covering this budget and is going to cover it less. Wilson has already had to drop one