O42
matter of spending 10.8 millions of dollars should have nuch more than some “ORAL
EXPRESSIONS”, of the need. There should be a dirth of materials, easily accessible by
every member of the community to illustrate the HOW and Why of decisions made. I
have learned of no Surveys, No Fact Finding Explorations by Parents, Teachers,
Students, Parent Organizations or Taxpayers. These are the materials that give substance
to the “TRUE WILL OF THE PEOPLE”. A school is Community Property. Taxpayers
need to have in-put.
I despair when I think that people can be easily mislead by the “OPINIONS” OF and
Architect or Engineering Firm. How many “FIRMS” have given us an estimate on the
cost of Building or Renovating? Renovation as costly as new Building? Renovation not
Feasible? RIDICULOUS! SEWER AND WATER LINES CAN BE UPGRADED.
They are already in place. There is no need to widen Roads, Electrical Utilities can be
Upgraded, Air-Conditioning installed, Additional Rooms can be added where needed.
Partions can be removed to make some rooms larger, AND we already own the land
except for 7/SEVEN) Acres to meet State Requirements. This all indicates a much less
expensive project than the building of a New Building, the acquisition of land on 691 and
the cost of FILLING-IN much of that property, which if not allowed at least a year to
settle properly will lead to later problems in the Construction. As to Renovating the
Elementary School I would ask you gentlemen, would you tear down your house and
build a new structure or Renovate? And I would remind you that you did just Renovate
the “MIDDLE SCHOOL” which is OLDER THAN the ELEMENTARY.
The County Board of Supervisors has more than a plateful of projects for the Taxpayers
to digest at this time:
New Cell for the Landfill
Water & Sewer for the Industrial Park
New or Renovated Courthouse
Sports Complex
Pay off Middle School Indebtedness
New or Renovated Elementary School
Ane eee
I would suggest that in the 10 years I have lived in Appomattox, I have noted that there
seems to be no “LONG-RANGE’ Plan for the County. A Five Year Plan. I am
bewildered by the immediacy of Solutions for every problem. I can only conclude that
we are a very wealthy County or our County is living in a “PLASTIC” world of
CREDIT. That is a very dangerous place to live and can lead to BANKRUPTCY. There
is no “EASY MONEY” to be had anywhere, only hard lessons to be learned.
Thank you Gentlemen for your attention to this correspondence. III health prevents me
from Speaking to the issue.
I would remind you Gentlemen that Architects and Engineers can build or “Renovate”
any structure to meet the needs of those employing them. That is their BUSINESS!
Very truly yours,