157
Mr. Roark explained that a GIS Coordinator would be a long term goal and not the
highest priority at this time. Most importantly at this time getting the hardware in place
is a much high priority. As time goes by and data increases the use of this program by
county departments would be in more demand and a GIS coordinator would be needed.
Mr. Roark explained that after talking with various departments they have found they
would have uses for this program.
Mr. Spencer explains that basically, the county already has an established GIS
management team in place and members consist of John Spencer, J ohnny Roark, Bobby
Wingfield and Sarah Henderson, We have found that Public Safety, Office of the
Commissioner of Revenue and County Administration planning are the backbone or the
foundation of the GIS system. This management team has been meeting to try in figure
out the process they want to use, and to make sure we make use of the resources we
currently have. Concentration is being placed on what hardware will be needed and the
cost of this hardware.
Ms. Otey called for any questions, with no other questions; Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Otey
for her presentation.
The next item of discussion was Administrative Item -#1- 2008 Calendar for Board of
Supervisors. Discussion was heard and the following corrections should be made:
Change Wednesday, January 7, 2008 to Monday, January 7, 2008 and Tuesday, February
4, 2008 changed to Monday, February 4, 2008.
Next item for discussion is Administrative Item -#3 - the Board of Fire Prevention and
Code of Appeals and Local Board of Building Code Appeals appointment. Samuel E.
Webber’s term will expire December 31, 2007. Mr. Webber has agreed to serve another
term on these boards with term expiring on December 31, 2010. Mr. Craft made a
motion to reappoint Mr. Webber to a three year term seconded by Mr. Conrad. Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carter then called for discussion Administrative item #5 — Old Oakville School - Mr.
Moore stated that he had been approached by someone who is interested in tearing the
Old School down but was not sure of what the cost would be. There was discussion on
whether the county has a contract with someone currently in place for this action. Mr.
Carter instructed Mr. Spencer to resurrect any paperwork that was previously done on
this project.
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Craft to report on the High Trail Activities. Mr. Craft reported
that the High Bridge Trail State Park had $500,000 which was Just enough money to go
from Aspen Hill back to the bridge which is two miles. Delegate Watkins Abbitt was
able to get the appropriation committee to put in another million dollars for this project.
The Town of Farmville has agreed to fix up the part in town and the plan now is to take
the west end of Farmville to High Bridge which will use one and a half million dollars in
doing this. Once completed, this it will make it a lot quicker to get to Pamplin. Mr. Craft