051
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $30,452.00 for
payment number 2 on the baler facility and $3,600.00 for the survey of cell “I”. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to transfer $179,161.45 from the
Special Project account in the school budget to the School CIP account. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a request had been made by Amazement Square for a
donation to help them match a grant that they have received.
After discussion, no donation was made.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that several appointments were necessary to various
committees.
An appointment was necessary to the Regional Renaissance Steering Committee to
replace Mr. Mundy.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to hold this appointment
until the August 2, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Mr. Marvin Hamlett to
the Community Center Board for a term to expire February 2003. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Council
and Board of Directors needed appointments from Appomattox County.
After discussion it was agreed to make these appointments at the August 2, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board members had been invited to ride in the
Railroad Festival Parade again this year and asked if everyone planned to participate.
Mr. Bosiger, Mr. Carter, Mr. Moore and Mr. Torrence stated that they would walk again
this year and Mr. Carwile would needa ride.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from VPI&SU to change their long distance carrier.
After discussion, Mr. Carter stated that he would look into this and report back to the
Board.
Mr. Bosiger next presented convention/education requests from the Commissioner of
Revenue and the Registrar.