651
his current business. She added that she works third shift and sleeps during the day, but is not
bothered by noise from his shop.
Aileen Ferguson (Rt. 1 Box 64K, Pamplin) spoke on behalf of this petition. She supports the
petition and stated that Mr. Marshall keeps a clean and neat garage. Also states that the new garage
would not be detrimental to the area.
Rebecca Moore-Ranson (Rt. 3 Box 254C, Appomattox) spoke against this petition. She said that she
lives directly across from Mr. Marshall and opposes the petition based on increased traffic that it
would generate. She does not object to Mr. Marshall’s right to have a business or to his character,
but she does not want to have to come out of her house to look at the garage every day. She is also
uncomfortable having a young daughter at home alone with a business of this type there. She
intended to live in a rural area where she would not have this kind of development occurring around
her. Ms. Ranson then cited 170-32, the intent section of the A-1 Agricultural District provisions, as
supporting the denial of this petition. She added that her husband works swing shift, that they cannot
have noise going on, and that Mr. Marshall will not be able to control noise all the time. Ms. Ranson
also has concerns with a drain pipe that comes from Mr. Marshall’s property onto hers, and that it
would interfere with an orchard she plans to plant. She is also concerned with maintenance of
landscape on the property. She concluded by stating that she wants strong consideration given to the
fact that the garage will be right across from her home.
Rachel Eubank (Rt. 3 Box 254, Appomattox) spoke against this petition. She said that Mr.
Marshall’s property is also across from her home. She noted that Mr. Marshall works 24 hours per
day and that should tell you something about his planned business. She also supports all of the
concerns addressed by Ms. Ranson.
The Public Hearing adjourned at 7:24 PM.
éndrick, Chairman
At 6:00 p.m. on Monday, November 26,2001 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors andthe Appomattox County School Board held a joint meeting at the Appomattox School
Administration Building, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Jerry G. Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel G. Carter - Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District