O99
By consensus the other members of the Board agreed that would be appropriate.
Mr. Carwile began that he had a concern with the Carver Price School and the fact that
there was no black representation on the Board of Supervisors but they still had to pay
taxes. Mr. Carwile continued that this issue created a dilemma with the zero hour for
making a decision whether to renovate or build new. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt this
was the most expensive concern to ever come before the Board. Mr. Carwile continued
that this was a “no win”, “Catch 22”, situation. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board
must act in good faith for the taxpayer and then trusts the people to understand. Mr.
Carwile asked the other members of the Board to stand united once the decision had been
made. Mr. Carwile stated some of the comments that he had been hearing in the
community and answered these comments. Mr. Carwile asked the other members of the
Board not to act too fast. He cautioned that if the Board could save three million dollars
by renovating then that should be the decision that was made. Mr. Carwile stated that he
was deeply concerned with the possibility of the legislature allowing citizens vouchers to
educate their children in private schools and what impact that would have on our school
population. Mr. Carwile continued that because of this he would entertain a motion to
put this matter on hold, take care of the electrical problems, air conditioning, etc. at the
present elementary school and wait to see what happens. Mr. Carwile then thanked
everyone for his or her input. He continued that he has been open-minded and that his
vote will not please all. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to make a few points.
Number one is that he was committed and concerned about education of the children but
he did not feel the Board could build a new school with a credit card. Mr. Carwile
continued that if we are concerned with a better education that maybe a homework
hotline with teachers names, telephone numbers, etc. published in the paper would heip.
Mr. Carwile stated that his second thought was do we really need a new school? Mr.
Carwile asked would the shine of a new school educate our children? Mr. Carwile stated
that a new building would not influence the $.0.L.’s only by better teachers, etc. Mr.
Carwile in closing stated that he had listened to concerns with safety from teachers and
felt that there was a deeper rooted problem on Route 691 because of the pipeline. Mr.
Carwile closed by saying that safety must be considered.
Mr. Torrence began by saying that our purpose was to provide the best education for the
children. Mr. Torrence continued that the Board had to satisfy two groups, the children
and the taxpayers. Mr. Torrence stated that after two years of review he could give at
least one hundred good reasons why to build new and only a few to renovate. Mr.
Torrence stated that he did not feel that safety could be improved on the present site, you
could not gliminate the five different lpvelsin the school and you could not help the
school becoming a tourist stop on the Civil Rightsin Heritage Trail. Mr. Torrence stated
that the uppermost concern for him was that there was no safe place for the children to go
during renovation. Mr. Torrence provided information on the tax rate increase over the
last few years. Mr. Torrence continued that in the past the Board has been good stewards
of the money by starting a Capital Improvement Fund and planning for the future. Mr.
Torrence in closing asked the other members of the Board to make an educational
decision that all could be proud of and build a new elementary school.