696
Monday, April 8 Budget work session to set tax rate and refine budget (tax
rate needs to be set at this meeting so tax tickets may be
sent out for June 5 collection) (6:30 P.M.)
Monday, April 22 Budget work session (if needed) (6:30 P.M.)
Monday, May 6 Adopt FY03 budget at regular board meeting
(6:30 P.M.)
4. Courthouse Repairs: There are two (2) items at the Courthouse that are in need of
repair/scheduled maintenance. 1). Chairlift - needs adjustment and estimate received of
$400.00 to perform work. 2). Boiler - needs some report work performed involving
routine maintenance and replacement of exhaust pipe with an in-house estimate cost of
$600.00. Board needs to authorize transfer of funds from Courthouse maintenance fund to
cover these repairs.
Mr. Carwile commented that we need to receive at least two (2) estimates for the boiler repairs.
Some discussion followed.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize Mr. Carroll to proceed with
the repairs to these two (2) items as needed. Also receive two bids on the boiler. VOTE: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
5. E911 Resolution: Resolution from Fluvanna County Board of Supervisors and draft
resolution supporting the state budget providing funds for the implementation of the E911
system as mandated by the State.
Some discussion on wire and/or wireless.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt a Resolution supporting the
state budget providing funds for the implementation of the E911 system and to adopt the
following resolution:
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
for
GOVERNOR’S BUDGET ITEM 469
WHEREAS, Appomattox County is committed to providing Enhanced 9-1-1 (E-911) services for
the County’s citizens; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has made a good-faith effort to develop E-911 wireline
emergency telephone services in a timely manner; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County needs assistance in funding creation of a digital mapping
system; production and installation of street signage; verification of addressing and location of
structures; establishment of a dedicated Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP); and other
eligible expenses in order to comply with state and Federal implementation deadlines; and
WHEREAS, the Governor’s Budget establishes a grant program to assist localities that are