Mr. Kendrick then stated the Board needed to accept the final group of names of roads that the
committee had listed with names that had received comments at the last public hearing and
recommended alternate names. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that Board
adopt the names of the remaining roads as suggested by the committee. A Moratorium is hereby
placed on changing these names until 24 months after the date that the County-wide Enhanced 9-1-1
system becomes fully operational. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick stated that it was necessary to enter into a closed session in accordance with §2.1-
344(A).3 for the purpose of discussing the acquisition and disposal of real property.
At 6:30 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock that the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors enter into a closed session to discuss the acquisition and disposal of real
property. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
On a motion the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board recess until after the Public
Hearing scheduled at 7:00 P.M. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick reopened the Board of Supervisors meeting at 7:02 P.M. and continued with
Administrative Items.
2. Meeting with Town of Appomattox: Since the Board was unable to achieve a quorum at
the last scheduled meeting, the Town has proposed to meet on either August 21* or August
24".
By consensus, the Board agreed to meet with the Town of Appomattox on Thursday, August 23rd