599
issuance and sale of the Bonds in the form and upon the terms established pursuant to this
Resolution.
Sale of the Bonds. It is determined to be in the best interest of the County to accept the offer of the
Virginia Public School Authority (the “VPSA”) to purchase from the County, and to sell to
the VPSA, the Bonds at a price, determined by the VPSA to be fair and accepted by the
Chairman of the Board and the County Administrator, that is not less than 98% of par and
not more than 103% of par upon the terms established pursuant to this Resolution. The
Chairman of the Board, the County Administrator, and such officer or officers of the County
as either may designate are hereby authorized and directed to enter into a Bond Sale
Agreement with the VPSA providing for the sale of the Bonds to the VPSA in substantially
the form submitted to the Board at this meeting, which form is hereby approved (the “Bond
Sale Agreement”).
Details of the Bonds. The Bonds shall be issuable in fully registered form; shall be dated the date
of issuance and delivery of the Bonds; shall be designated “General Obligation School
Bonds, Series 2001”; shall bear interest from the date of delivery thereof payable semi-
annually on each January 15 and July 15 beginning July 15, 2002 (each an “Interest
Payment Date”), at the rates established in accordance with Section 4 of this Resolution;
and shall mature on July 15 in the years (each a “Principal Payment Date”) and in the
amounts set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (the “Principal Installments”), subject to
the provisions of Section 4 of this Resolution.
Interest Rates and Principal Installments. The County Administrator is hereby authorized and
directed to accept the interest rates on the Bonds established by the VPSA, provided that each
interest rate shall be ten one-hundredths of one percent (0.10%) over the interest rate to be
paid by the VPSA for the corresponding principal payment date of the bonds to be issued by
the VPSA (the “VPSA Bonds”), a portion of the proceeds of which will be used to purchase
the Bonds, and provided further, that the true interest cost of the Bonds does not exceed six
and twenty five one hundredths percent (6.25 %) per annum. The Interest Payment Dates
and the Principal Installments are subject to change at the request of the VPSA. The County
Administrator is hereby authorized and directed to accept changes in the Interest Payment
Dates and the Principal Installments at the request of the VPSA, provided that the aggregate
principal amount of the Bonds shall not exceed the amount authorized by this Resolution.
The execution and delivery of the Bonds as described in Section 8 hereof shall conclusively
evidence such interest rates established by the VPSA and Interest Payment Dates and the
Principal Installments requested by the VPSA as having been so accepted as authorized by
this Resolution.
Form of the Bonds. The Bonds shall be initially in the form ofa single, temporary typewritten bond
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Payment; Paying Agent and Bond Registrar. The following provisions shall apply to the Bonds:
(a) For as long as the VPSA is the registered owner of the Bonds, all payments of