039
Mrs. Robinson began that she represented the Carver Price Alumni. Mrs. Robinson
provided a brief history of the Carver Price High School. Mrs. Robinson also explained
Mrs. Mozella Prices’ position in the history of the Carver Price High School. Mrs.
Robinson urged the Board to let Mrs. Prices’ legacy remain by renovating Carver Price
High School. Mrs. Robinson explained that the old Carver Price High School also had
national importance as one of the few pre integration black schools still being used asa
teaching facility. Mrs. Robinson stated that AES was being considered as a National
Civil Rights Historical site. Mrs. Robinson reminded the Board that in a new facility you
would have less space than in a renovated facility. In closing Mrs. Robinson stated “we
demand our heritage be preserved”.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Robinson and called on Mrs. Bonnie Tilliotson to
appear before the Board.
Mrs. Tillotson came forward and stated that she would like to bring up a few items and
she would not rehash things that have already been said. Mrs. Tillotson stated that the
projected cost that had been displayed on the screen there was a land value of
$192,000.00 in the renovation cost. Mrs. Tillotson stated that she was curious as to what
that cost covers.
Mr. Blair Smith stated that that was 11 additional acres that would need to be purchased.
Mrs. Tillotson stated that a cost was included in the renovation for land development but
not in the Bryant site projection. Mrs. Tillotson stated that those cost should be included.
Mrs. Tillotson did not agree with the additional cost for transportation. Mrs. Tillotson
stated that if you were going to renovate the school for other uses, why not just renovate
the school to use as a school? Mrs. Tillotson stated that one thing that was never
addressed was the fact that VDOT would not widen Route 691. Mrs. Tillotson
questioned how emergency vehicles would pass through this congested area when school
was taking in and letting out. In closing Mrs. Tillotson stated that we were building a
new school and already talking about renovating it and she felt that this should be
questioned prior to a decision being made.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Tillotson and called Mr. Bill Burke to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Burke began that he was here as a concerned citizen and a business owner who
joined the present elementary school property. Mr. Burke stated that he had a real
problem with going through community’s where schools have been abandoned and left to
deteriorate. Mr. Burke continued that he took great pride in his business and did not want
an abandoned building across from his business. Mr. Burke said that he could not see
why the elementary school renovation would cost so much more than the middle school.
In closing, Mr. Burke urged the members of the Board to use common sense in making
their decision.