139
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $800,000.00 from the
I.D.A. bond to match the EDA grant. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Slagle then asked that the Board give permission for the I.D.A to execute the contract
for the infrastructure in the industrial park.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors believes strongly in
economic development and the positive effect it has for the citizens of Appomattox
County, and
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors appointed the Industrial Development Authority
of Appomattox County and tasked them with the development of an industrial park, and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors and the Industrial Development Authority were in
agreement to purchase the property which is now called the Appomattox County
Industrial Park, and
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors and the Industrial Development Authority have
jointly applied for and received a grant from the United States Department of Commerce,
Economic Development Administration in the amount of $800,000 for the development
of infrastructure to serve the industrial park, and
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors wishes to expedite the development of the
industrial park and to avoid confusion in the contracting of services.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED THAT, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby give authority to the Industrial Development Authority of
Appomattox County to execute the construction contract on behalf of the County of
Appomattox for the construction of infrastructure improvements to the Appomattox
County Industrial Park in accordance with the Economic Development Administration
grant award and conditions.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Slagle next explained to the Board that his next item concerned VDOT access road
funds. Mr. Slagle stated that as the Board remembered, the County obtained a
$350,000.00 grant for access roads into the industrial park, and we have five years to
locate a qualifying industry in the industrial park. Mr. Slagle stated that initially the time
frame for locating a business was three years but that had been changed to five. Mr.
Slagle continued that the bond for this project was with Farmers Bank and that to extend
it another two years would cost $250.00.