676
be the best for Appomattox. If given a referendum, the citizens of Appomattox County
would overwhelmingly vote for a reservoir. In all honesty, a issue of this magnitude
should go to a referendum for the people to decide. It is his hope and prayer that a
reservoir will be the route decided upon.
Mr. Carter next moved on to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 3)
1. Resolution on Local Telephone Service Rates: Verizon has filed an
application with the SCC for approval of a new regulatory plan. It appears if this
plan is approved it will result in price increases for residential as well as business
customers.
Mr. Conrad stated that Verizon is virtually a monopoly in our area and this new plan
would result in a 10% increase per year plus cost of inflation.
After further discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to approve
the following resolution:
Resolution for Localities on Local Telephone Service Rate Issue Pending Before the
Virginia State Corporation Commission
WHEREAS: Affordable telecommunications services are vital to the economic health and
general well-being of rural Virginia;
WHEREAS: Local telephone service competition has not taken root in much of rural Virginia;
WHEREAS: Verizon continues to dominate the local telephone market in rural Virginia;
WHEREAS: On July 9, 2004, Verizon Virginia Inc. and Verizon South filed an application
with the Virginia State Corporation Commission for a newly proposed regulatory plan;
WHEREAS: The Verizon Application seeks the ability to raise basic telephone rates in rural
areas by 10% per year plus inflation and effectively remove price limits on other services, such as
Call Waiting and Caller ID; and
WHEREAS: The Staff of the State Corporation Commission issued a formal report on October
15, 2004, finding that the Verizon Application (1) has not demonstrated that the plan is affordable
for basic service; (2) does not reasonably ensure the continuation of quality local exchange
telephone service; (3) does not demonstrate that it will not unreasonably prejudice or
disadvantage telephone customers or competitors; and (4) is not in the public interest;
BE IT NOW THEREFORE RESOLVED by the County of Appomattox, Virginia, that the
County of Appomattox is opposed to higher basic telephone rates for residences and businesses in
tural Virginia;
The County of Appomattox urges the Commissioners of the Virginia State Corporation
Commission to reject the Application for the proposed regulatory plan by Verizon.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)