691
Mr. Thomas stated that first of all there is no question that the new signs approved by the Board
of totally out of character and in bad taste for Appomattox, County. Also the County went out of
town to Signs, Logos and More to get these signs designed while we have people in the area with
design expertise. The existing signs need to be renovated, if it can be done at a reasonable rate,
plus we can be sure that these signs will last. Landscaping needs to be added also.
The other alternative is to replace the old signs with new signs fabricated in signs foam which
can be designed to project the same look as the original signs. I am requesting that you open up
the bidding again so as to extend an opportunity to my firm and to any other firm located in
Appomattox County that may want to participate.
Mr. Thomas also gave a brief background of the type of work his company does and also
presented some samples of their work.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak that had not signed up to do so.
Mr. Carter next read a couple of letters that had been received by the Board of Supervisors
regarding the Welcome Signs.
The first letter was from Mrs. Louise Martin who states she is all for keeping the signs as they are
and doing whatever is necessary to preserve them. They are uniform and express what our
County stands for, Unity, Peace, Freedom and there is magic in America’s dreams.
Mrs. Anne Miller, President of the Appomattox Garden Club wrote that the Garden Club wishes
to express its opposition to replacing the existing historical signs with the proposed new signs.
In their opinion the existing signs are more historic in appearance for our County than the more
modern proposed signs. They do have a suggestion, landscaping could add much appeal which
in turn would enhance the public’s view of the County. To do this, the area around the signs
would have to be elevated to protect the landscaping from mowing. They would suggest that we
re-file the grant application for use in landscaping and upkeep and maintenance. The Garden
Club would also like to offer their help in any way necessary.
Mrs. Estelle McCraw also wrote a letter as a member of the Garden Club stating she would like
to see the old signs retained, not replaced with a more modern sign.
Mrs. Estelle Franklin wrote asking the Board to retain the old signs. The new signs are not as
good quality as the old signs. They are a little too modern but as long as we have $45,000 to
spend why not do something really outstanding like one big sign with “Lee & Grant” or maybe
“horses in color”. They would be here 50 years from now and she would like to see them. Also
maybe we could plant trees which will be around for years, like George Washington did. His
trees are still there. Also, with that much money, you can do lovely flower gardens.
Mr. Carter next read a letter from Mrs. Russell B.(Edith) McCormick. Mrs. McCormick is
requesting that the Board not change the historic welcome signs. Use the money available for
upkeep on the existing ones. She feels the old signs give a warm and friendly welcome, while