OFZ
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mrs. Ferguson was asked to check into this and report back at the
September 20, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a 5-minute recess at 7:30 P.M.
At 7:38 P.M. Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger asked the other members of the Board if they would begin with the
additional items first.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the new Workforce Investment Act was requiring the County
designate someone to administer the program for the County. Mr. Bosiger continued that
Mrs. Ferguson had met with other managers in the Region 2000 area and they had felt
that considering the short time frame for making a decision on this matter that it may be
best for this year to remain with the Private Industry Council.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Central
Piedmont Private Industry Council to continue to handle the Workforce Investment Act
for Appomattox County for another year. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Bruce Cowan had resigned from the Region 2000
Board due to moving his family to another area. Mr. Bosiger asked if the Board would
like to have the County Administrator write Mr. Cowan thanking him for his service to
the County? Mr. Bosiger then asked if anyone had an appointment to this Board?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was requested to write a
letter to Bruce Cowan thanking him for his service on the Region 2000 Board. It was
also agreed to hold this for appointment until the September 20" meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Board’s attention to the Planning Commission
recommendations from the August 16, 1999 public hearing.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to accept the Planning
Commission recommendations and approve the following petitions:
99-393 of Tracie R. Porter for a conditional use permit for home occupation (Small
Engine Repair) in accessory building. Property is Tax Map #88-A-21 and 24, located on
Route 733 between Route 727 and dead-end and is zoned R-1.
99-394 of James L. Arthur for a conditional use permit for home occupation (gun shop
and gunsmith service) in accessory building. Property is Tax Map #76-A-130, located on
Route 635 between Route 1057 and Route 695 and is zoned A-1.