73
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting to be held
immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with
comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or
against the petition. Each speaker will be allowed five (5) minutes whether speaking as
an individual or as representative of a group or organization. However, should the
number of speaker registered to speak on any item exceed ten (10), the time will be
adjusted to three (3) minutes for each speaker. As you approach the microphone, please
state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Roark:
Mr. Roark presented the first petition to be heard:
CUPO7005 — Appomattox County Economic Development Authority; Mid-
Atlantic Broadband, LLC (Agent): The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use
Permit for property located off Oakville Road (Route 26) in order to locate a 192 foot
telecommunications tower on the property. The property is zoned M-IP, Planned
Industrial Park District, contains approximately 400 plus acres and is currently home to
two (2) industries which will be located about 500 feet to the west of the tower site.
The surrounding area is a mixture of R-1, R-2 and A-1. Tax Map #63 (A) 80.
Mr. Roark gave a power point presentation showing the area to be served by this fiber
line as well the surrounding areas.
Mr. Roark called for comments in favor of the petition.
Tad Deriso, General Manager of Mid-Atlantic Broadband: They are very excited
about the project here in Appomattox. This will represent a new way we approach the
last mile issue and how we extend the broadband network for residential and business
customers. He does think it is important to note that this is not a cellular tower. This is
a communications tower that will provide next generation wireless and broadband
services to the County as well as the Town of Appomattox. About two years ago, Gov.
Warner came to Appomattox and laid a portion of this line and Appomattox will be the
first County to have an access tower to this service. There will be a lot of PR and a lot
of press on this area in general. He then introduced Jeff Reid, with Digital Bridge
Communications and it is their company that will be putting the wireless
communications on this facility.
Jeff Reid — Digital Bridge Communications: They hope to be the first tenant on
the new tower. Their business is providing next generation broadband wireless internet
and they are excited to be doing this in Appomattox. Most of you are probably aware of
the benefits of broadband internet but he will discuss it briefly. According to the news
media, 72% of Americans now have broadband access. Over 50% are now accessing
broadband or are subscribers to some type of broadband service. These numbers are
growing but there are still places in the country that lack a variety of broadband options.
You can see some of the benefits for any town that has more broadband options
whether it be visitor based networks in tourism, education system and certainly the
economic benefits to people who did not previously work from home, will now be able to
do that. That creates jobs and also relieves some of the congestion on the roads.