166
The EDA also worked with Centra Health to issue 7.5 million bank-qualified bonds for
their new Cardiovascular building. The EDA will recover 1/8 of 1 percent of the
outstanding balance as our payment for allowing use of this.
Mr. Slagle explained the website had been revamped and provided a link to the County
website.
Mr. Slagle stated that the EDA are always looking at our strengths and weaknesses,
opportunities and threats. Some strength’s for the region would be open land, proactive
Community College, excellent regional cooperation, number of institutions of high
learning in area and nuclear and wireless industry clusters. Some known regional
weaknesses would be lack of interstate highways, inconvenient air travel, incomplete
infrastructure, regions name lacks geographic identifier. Some known strengths for the
County would be a hub zone for federal contractors, a tobacco commission county,
broadband and natural gas going thru the park. Some weaknesses for the County would
be insufficient water capacity and water source, public controversies, sufficient qualified
employees -especially for technical jobs.
Chairman Craft called for any questions for Mr. Slagle.
Mr. Tanner complimented Mr. Slagle and the Economic Development Authority for work
that has been done with the Broadband. During my campaign this was a common theme.
Mr. Carter also thanked Mr. Slagle on behalf of the Economic Development Authority.
Next item for discussion is Administrative Items #4 -mechanical engineering and design
services.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the board needs to have a Mechanical Engineer and Design
for the HVAC Controls Modification for Appomattox Courthouse. This is being done so
the contractor who did the original work can come in and make the changes in order to
update the system so that it operates in a proper manner. The contractor will not proceed
until they have these documents in front of them. Mrs. Ferguson explained that she does
not believe that we will need the exclusions which would be an additional fee. Mrs.
Ferguson stated that she feels that the amount should not go over the proposed $4,100.00.
Mr. Conrad stated that not doing this is not a winning battle. If we have environmental
issues you are going to have to rectify this situation no matter what. If you don’t it will
end up costing a lot more in the long run.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to proceed with the agreement between Master Engineers and
Design Inc. for HVAC control modification for Appomattox Courthouse. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion: Roll Call Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.