162
to upgrade the technical programs and give them the room they need it will cost $10,536,450.00.
Dr. Staadt continued that a portion of these funds would be coming from the State, a portion
from the private sector and the balance was being requested from local governments in the area.
Dr. Staadt, in closing, asked the Board to consider contributing $59,460.00 to the project. Dr.
Staadt explained that this could be done in one lump sum or in installments over a three year
period. Dr. Staadt asked the Board to please consider this project in the upcoming budget in
order that the needs of the area could be met. Dr. Staadt then asked if anyone had questions for
him that would help them better understand the needs?
The members of the Board assured Dr. Staadt that they were in favor of the project and that it
would certainly be consider in the next budget year.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Dr. Staadt and called on Mayor Spiggle and David Garrett to
appear before the Board.
Mayor Spiggle began by explaining that Town Council had previously spoken with the Board
concerning their intent to bring the water system in Walton Place Subdivision into the Town
system. Mayor Spiggle continued that the Council was now at the point to need formal approval
from the Board to proceed with installing the water line and taking over the well in Walton Place
Subdivision.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve for the Town of Appomattox to
take over the water system at Walton Place Subdivision and install water line to link with the
Town water system. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Messieurs. Spiggle and Garrett and asked the Board to approve
the bills for December 20, 1999.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the bills of December 20,1999 as
submitted. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Earl Dickerson and Mr. Jeff Grubbs to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Board had requested to meet with Mr. Dickerson to discuss the
problems with the baler building located at the landfill.
Mr. Dickerson began that he had met with the baler representatives this morning and that he felt
the biggest concern was associated with the wire tier area and the drain placement. Mr.
Dickerson explained that they have spoken to numerous dealers and baler owners and no one has
an easy answer on how to handle this problem. Mr. Dickerson explained that everyone they
spoke with stated that their employees just make keeping this area clean a part of their normal
work day. Mr. Dickerson stated that he understood that the Board did not like this solution and
they had several suggestions that may work. Mr. Dickerson then presented several options for
Board consideration.
Mr. Dickerson also gave several suggestions for improving drainage problems with the baler