625
Ms. Ferguson will contact NESBE regarding this problem.
Mr. Armbrust has a concern regarding the dumpsters at Route 667. The recycling container at
this site is not being used and this recycling bin should be removed.
Mr. Craft has some concerns regarding discarded appliances at the Oakville site.
Mr. Carter then called for a short recess until 7:00 p.m.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting and called Mr. Gary Heiser - Virginia
Department of Forestry to address the Board.
Mr. Heiser gave the Board the annual report from the Forestry Department and also presented
the Board with a check for $35,725.00. The Forestry Department has done about 150 acres of
thinning and about 250 acres were re-forested. Every ten years they do a complete inventory of
the forest. In 1971 they harvested 253,000 cords of wood. In the last thirty years they have
harvested 297,000 cords.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Heiser.
Mrs. Ora McCoy next addressed the Board. Mrs. McCoy, as Chairman of the Carver Price
Alumni Association, would like to present a proposed Memorandum of Understanding for the
Carver Price Museum. (at this time she read the Memorandum of Understanding, a copy of
which was handed to each supervisor). Mrs. McCoy then stated she would like for Mr. Ralph
Johnson to present some other concerns of the Carver Price Alumni Association.
Mr. Ralph Johnson stated he had some questions regarding the renovations to the school
building. Are the renovations limited?
Mr. Carter stated that the Board at this time was not in a position to answer Mr. Johnson's
questions but they would try to get back with him at a later date. He further stated that they
would get back to Mrs. McCoy after the County Attorney had reviewed the Memorandum of
Understanding. Mr. Carter thanked both Mrs. McCoy and Mr. Johnson for their interest in the old
Appomattox Elementary School.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Earl Dickerson and Mr. Jeff Grubbs of Hurt & Proffitt to discuss
costs analysis on various options for disposal of the county's solid waste.
Mr. Carter called for a short recess to allow Mr. Dickerson & Mr. Grubbs to set up their
presentation.
Mr. Carter called the meeting back into session.
Mr. Dickerson introduced Ms. Nita Holt, Marketing Analysis for Hurt & Proffitt. Mr. Dickerson
continued by giving a little background on the reason for this solid waste management study.
They will determine what is the least expensive means of managing solid waste to meet the
needs of the County. They presented how we got to where we are now, when the present
landfill was opened, the various operations we have utilized, and our options for the future. Our
future options are: continue landfilling with modifications; close landfill and transport to private
landfill out of County; and pros and cons of manned drop-off sites. Also included in this
presentation were costs of closing landfill and operating the alternatives. Hurt & Proffitt also