163
Ferguson explained that Mr. Wingfield specifically mentioned a future satellite site for
fire and rescue or police may be needed by the County as we continue to grow.
Mr. Tanner expressed that he feels Mr. Wingfield has a valid concem in regards to the
fire and rescue possibly needing a place for quarters in the future as the county grows.
Campbell County is now faced with this dilemma.
Ms. Ferguson explained that there are two old wells on this site that will need to be
properly capped off so no danger would be exposed to the community. The request for
proposal would be to tear down the building and we will provide the dumpster and haul
all debris. They would properly cap off both wells so there will no longer be a danger.
After this is completed the County will then stabilize and reseed property and retain.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the decision has been made that the building would be
demolished. She would also like a consensus of the Board on what to do with the
property once the building is demolished. Does the Board want to hold on to the property
for future use?
Mr. Moore stated that the property could also be used for extra parking for the voting
precinct. This is a problem that needs to be looked into. Ms. Ferguson stated that she
would look into this and prepare a proposal for the Board.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to accept staffs recommendation and retain the old Oakville
property for future use. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Vote: Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft next introduced Mr. Harold Wingate, Wingate and Associates.
Mr. Wingate explained that they are currently in the fourth day of hearings. They are
averaging 60 people in a day. We have about 4 people to assist everyone so there is not a
long waiting time. They are making a real attempt to not turn anyone down by
scheduling evening appointments.
Mr. Wingate stated that things are going very well and appreciates being given the
opportunity to serve Appomattox. At this time he will answer any questions that the
Board may have.
Mr. Conrad stated that he is receiving calls where the caller does not understand why
their assessment may be one amount and their neighbor is not assessed in the same
manner.
Mr. Wingate stated to send them to the Community Center to the hearings. It could be a
mistake and they would be glad to speak with the owners and try to get things straight.
Print outs have been placed at the Library and at Pamplin Library and also at the
Community Center. We have had some citizens to come and look at the print out and