68/
17. 50/40/10 Proposal from VACo: VACo has provided us with some information regarding the
50/40/10 plan as requested.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns which has been moved to the end of the meeting
as per the Board’s decision at it’s last meeting.
Mr. Carwile suggested that the Board consider doing something in memory of C. T. Moses as he has
done so much for this community. He suggested that the Board consider giving to the upkeep of the
eternal flame. The cost of keeping this flame is approximately $2,400.00 per year.
The rest of the Board is in agreement with doing something along these lines and by consensus
agreed to give this some thought. This item will be placed on the February 4",
Mr. Carter stated he had two concerns to bring before the Board.
(1) We need to look at the reassessment with regards to the time frame. We need to have the
staff put together some pros and cons with staying with the six year plan vs going with a four
year plan. Something will give us a better idea somewhere down the road in regards to a
reassessment time frame.
Discussion centered around the fact that value increases are so great that it almost becomes a shock
when the reassessment notice arrives for the six year period. Also how does this affect the County
financially and how it affects the taxpayer. A 30% to 60% increase is a tremendous burden for the
taxpayers, especially those on fixed incomes.
Also, we must accept the fact that when dealing with the number of units in the County and based on
$12.00 per unit, a large number of our units are vacant tracts of land. Also we need to look into the
regional reassessment concept to the possibility of saving money.
(2) | He would like for a spokesperson from the local Chamber of Commerce to appear before the
Board and present their marketing strategy on tourism for the County so we can determine
how we stand. When visiting other localities he finds brochures on various localities but
never on Appomattox County. He would like to know what our local Chamber is doing
regarding marketing.
Mr. Kendrick stated he will be unable to attend the work session scheduled for January 28" 2002.
He feels this work session should be postponed until after the legislative hearing in Richmond. The
outcome of this legislation will effect what we can do on this issue.
Mr. Carwile feels the legislative initiative is better.
The consensus of the Board was that the meeting scheduled for Monday, January 28" regarding
biosolids ordinance be canceled.
Mr. Carter called attention the upcoming meetings:
Wednesday, January 23", 2002 at 6:00 P.M. - Spout Spring Ruritan Club