664
On Monday, November 1, 2004 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held its regularly scheduled meeting in Council Chambers of the Appomattox
Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas E. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
There were two (2) items to be added:
5A. — Security for the Commonwealth Attorney's Office.
5B. Appointment to the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern
to citizens.
No one had anything to discuss at this time.
Blair Smith and Linda Jones, Dominion Seven Architects have requested time to
talk with the Board about the animal pound.
Mr. Smith began by distributing a handout on the existing animal pound and some ideas
of a replacement pound, in addition to what was included in the Board Book. Also
included is a space program showing what we need in the new facility and what we
have at the present time. The new facility will have an area for euthanasia which we
presently do not have.
At the present time, there is no mechanical means of air handling, removing the stale air
and bringing in fresh air and this is a critical point in the new facility.
Under the State guidelines, you must separate the dogs from the cats. You must then
separate them by sex, age, temperament and also if a mother has pups that are
nursing. Based on these projections we need approximately 20 runs for dogs and 9
cages for cats and another 2 cages for cat isolation. The dog runs can all be placed
inside the building or we can have the kennel area inside and the run can be a covered
area outside. If you have the runs totally enclosed you will have to provide heating and
cooling, but by having the kennel area inside and the runs outside, you can off -set
some of this expense. Mr. Smith suggested that the County go this way. Mr. Smith