va
streets to be taken into the state system. Mr. Moore continued that these appointments could be
made at the next meeting.
Mr. Moore then explained that a resolution of abandonment was necessary for portions of Route
634.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Route 460, Project 0460-006-107, C501 from 0.064 mile West ECL Appomattox
to 6.626 mile East ECL Appomattox has been constructed and approved by the State
Transportation Board, and
WHEREAS, Construction of Route 460 has caused a section of existing roads to follow new
location, as shown on the attached sketch titled “Changes in the Secondary System Due to
Relocation and Construction on Route 460, Project 0460-006-107, C501" and dated at Richmond
Virginia, February 3, 2000.
BE IT RESOLVED, that the portion of Route 634, Section 1, as shown in blue on the
aforementioned sketch having a total length of 0.10 mile be abandoned as a public road pursuant
of Section 33.1-155 of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that there was an appointment necessary to the Central Virginia
Community Services Board and that the County had received an application from Mr. Lynn Doss
for this position.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Mr. Lynn Doss to the Central
Virginia Community Services Board to fill Mrs. Terri Conrads unexpired term. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that Mr. Jesse Rosser, Jr. has resigned from his appointment to the
Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Board due to the fact that his daughter serves
on the CVAAA Board of Directors.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the County had two people serving on the CVAAA Advisory
Board, one in an at-large position, and that she was going to request that the person in the at-large
position be moved into the Appomattox position.
Mr. Moore next explained that Mrs. Bonnie Tilliotson has requested the girl scouts be allowed to
have a nature program in April for all the girl scout troops in the County and have animals on
display in the Community Center. Mrs. Ferguson explained that the Community Center policy
for use of the building prohibited animals of any kind and that Mrs. Tilliotson was requesting the
Board waive the rules for this event.