290
Please vote this issue down.
Already things are dangerous enough - and hunters constantly run dogs all over private property.
But to allow them to turn dogs loose, then stand back on the road or on someone else’s land and
shoot a deer 250-300 yards away on posted land would be a common and dangerous occurrence.
If this change is implemented I will have to reconsider where I build my house. The issue has
grave consequences. Please help.
Thanks,
Brad Babcock
PS. I live in Rockingham County, Virginia now and do not hunt up here because it is legal to use
high powered rifles. Daily during hunting seasons there are newspaper accounts of accidental
deaths and shootings into dwellings, etc. which are most often caused by ricochet bullets. The
season here is only two weeks long - but many accidents occur in those two weeks.
People are afraid to go out and check their mail during hunting season.
Mr. Chairman etc., My name is J.M. Rosser Route 6 Box 1415 Appomattox, Virginia.
I come before you to oppose the use of H.P.R. in Appomattox County. However, lets
immediately exclude ground hog hunting and black powder, as this is now permitted by county
ordinance. I base this opposition on the following:
1) H.P.R. are used for deer hunting. I can think of no other edible game that is hunted with a
rifle. Shotguns have been adequate in the past; they should be adequate in the future.
2) The range ofa rifle vs. the range of (as quoted) low powered buck shot, at a given distance- I
would much rather be in line of fire from a shotgun that from a H.P.R.!
3) Buckingham is a border county, but does not allow the use of H.P.R. apparently because of
variables involved, they deem H.P.R. unnecessary, as does Appomattox County.
4) The population is growing in the county. It should continue to grow, based on the Industrial
Park, Court House (regardless of final results), schools, landfill, etc. ride the secondary roads
and observe existing and new housing under construction. As population increases, there is a
mandate to oppose th use of H.P.R.
5) Making the assumption that if people are responsible as to how they shoot, a rifle bullet is no
more dangerous that a low buckshot (I refer you back to item 2) you do not change rules on
assumption - you change rule based on facts.
6) Riding around the county and observing the area that is still conducive to hunting, I would
make the observation that H.P.R. should not be allowed in Appomattox County.
7) Iwould venture to say that deer are shot at night. How many do you think use a shotgun and
how many use a rifle, even though it is illegal t “hunt” at night and to use a H.P.R. In my
opinion, this would make it more enticing to kill at night.
8) Ibelieve that without documented evidence of hunting deaths in any county, the thought I
have herd is “hearsay” - I would also ask has anyone checked with the USDA for the
topography of hunting areas in surrounding counties vs Appomattox? Has a poll been taken
to determine the number of hunters in Appomattox vs the three border counties?
9) It would be interesting to factually determine how many rifles have expensive high powered
optics - cost could be prohibited. Sighting “in” is necessary. There is no requirement for a
scope, much less expensive, high powered optics.
10) Have you ever noticed that when you ask someone to sign a petition, they do so without even
reading it. The will probably be told the basis thought, will probably say “ that sounds good”