152
if there will only be “foot traffic” no charge, but if there will be “heavy trucks, etc.”maybe we should consider a charge to cover damages done, that the County has to payto have repaired. Maybe we should consider a “fee” for those groups that are no non-profit.
9. Certifications Received: Both Ms. Ferguson and Ms. Phelps have completedthe Intermediate Incident Command System training program NIMS ICS 300.
Ms, Phelps has also completed the Certified Municipal Clerk’s program. She hasbeen working on this for some time and is now certified until October 29,2011.This is quite an accomplishment and Vicky is to be commended,
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Ferguson to briefly explain what was involved in getting the NIMSICS 300 certification.
Ms. Ferguson remarked that sometime ago the Federal Government determined thatthere needed to be a uniform way of handling a disaster. Each individual locality in eachindividual State handled the disaster in an entirely different way. The language and theterms they used were totally different. Since we have received Homeland Securitymoney, in order for the localities to continue to receive these funds, they tied thistraining as an incentive to the funding. She was mandated to Participate and she hasone more session to attend. Bobby Wingfield has attended almost all of them, Fire andRescue had to attend 700, 800, 100, & 200. Chief Administrative officers and othershad to attend the 300 and 400. All of our people, Sheriff's Department, Fire andRescue, County Employee Supervisors, and Barry Watkins have all done the 700, 800,100 & 200. It has been pretty interesting for all of us.
Vicky Phelps is our new Public Information Officer and we will be using her in a lot ofways. She has also finished this training. She will also begin attending meeting andtaking notes, so Ms. Ferguson can take a more active role in the meetings. We have alot of great things happening and our employees are taking various classes and we areproud of the fact that they are taking advantage of the CVCC Satellite and doingeverything they can to better themselves and become better employees for the County.She feels they all should be commended, She appreciates the Board noticing andpaying attention to these accomplishments. It is very important to them that you knowthat they are going above and beyond what is required of them.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board recognizes Ms. Ferguson and her entire staff on theseaccomplishments.
10. Thank You: We have received a thank you letter from the Holiday Lake 4-HEducational Center Board of Directors for your participation in their maintenancefund.
11. Verizon Correction: When the new telephone books were printed they failedto put 911 as the emergency number for Appomattox. Bobby Wingfield hasbeen working with Verizon to correct this matter and they have finally issuedreplacement sheets with the correct information,