009
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $1,150.00 to donate
to FHA/HERO Chapter to help with expenses to attend national competition. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a $1,500.00
appropriation from the Athletic Fund for the month of July 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to make the following
appropriations for the schools:
Textbook Rental Fund $150,000.00
Trigon Health Care Fund 85,000.00
School Capital Improvement Fund $120,000.00
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board had agreed in the past that America’s Promise
was a worthwhile cause and explained that a resolution was necessary supporting this at
the regional level.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS both the basic and developmental needs of all our children and youth are not
being fully addressed;
WHEREAS these needs must be a priority for our citizens, government, education, for-
profit, non-profit organizations and faith communities;
WHEREAS the best way to care for our children and youth is in a unified, collaborative
effort;
WHEREAS the combination of all our intellectual, financial and material resources
should be leveraged to provide our children and youth the best change to grow into
responsible adults;
WE, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, commit ourselves to realizing the
goals of Central Virginia’s Region 2000’s Promise that will work to provide each child a
healthy start, a caring adult mentor, safe and structure places in which to play and learn,
effective education to develop marketable skill, and the opportunity to give back to his or
her community through the volunteer service.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the notice of the June 21, 1999 public hearing did not get
into the newspaper on time and therefore the zoning public hearing for June would be
held on June 28, 1999. Mr. Bosiger asked if the other members of the Board would be