110
Mr. Slagle began that he wanted to provide a progress report for the industrial park. Mr.
Slagle stated that the County has received notice that an E.D.A. grant in the amount of
$800,000.00 has been approved. Mr. Slagle continued that this grant will be used to put
the infrastructure in place to the first phase of the industrial park. Mr. Slagle continued
that the final engineering plans were almost complete and were under final inspection by
the appropriate parties. Mr. Slagle continued that an archeological study was being
performed on the site at the present time in order to comply with certain E.D.A.
requirements. Mr. Slagle explained that most of the necessary right of way’s for the
access road had been obtained. Mr. Slagle stated that once the above items were
underway the I.D.A. would begin a strong marketing program. Mr. Slagle stated that this
completed his report and that he was willing to answer any questions of members of the
Board.
Mr. Carter thanked the I.D.A. for all their hard work in getting the industrial park off the
ground.
Mr. Bosiger and the other members of the Board echoed Mr. Carter’s comments.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Slagle and called on Mr. Rex Hammond,
President, Greater Lynchburg Chamber of Commerce to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that there were two letters that were not in the Board Book that
pertained to Mr. Hammonds request.
Mr. Hammond then provided another handout for the Board to review.
Mr. Hammond began by thanking the Board for allowing him to come before them to
make his presentation. Mr. Hammond explained that hiring, training and keeping good
employees was sometimes a problem for employers in Region 2000. Mr. Hammond
explained that he felt that training was the key to a healthy workforce and a vibrant
economy. Mr. Hammond then explained that the Greater Lynchburg Chamber of
Commerce felt that under the Workforce Investment Act the Region 2000 area would be
better served by forming it’s own group instead of continuing with the Central Piedmont
Private Industry Council. Mr. Hammond continued with why he felt this would be a
better choice for Region 2000. Mr. Hammond then offered to answer any questions the
members of the Board might have.
Questions and comments followed.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Mr. Hammond and called upon Mr. Ted
Simpkins, Executive Director, Central Piedmont Private Industry Council to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Simpkins began that he was in agreement with Mr. Hammond on his concept of how
the new Workforce Investment Act worked. Mr. Simpkins then provided reasons why he
did not feel that the Region 2000 area was a viable alternative to the present area