547
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to accept the Consent Agenda (Items 6-18)
as written and presented. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
There were several INFORMATIONAL ITEMS (Items 19-24) presented for consideration:
19. Administrator’s Report:
Redistricting: The redistricting plan has been submitted to the Department of Justice,
The State Board of Elections and the Division of Legislative Services. Sands, Anderson
has requested that the Department of Justice review and expedite the plan in case a
primary election was necessary.
E911: The road naming process is concluding with the next few weeks. The $3.00 -E911
tax has now been implemented by the phone companies and will be available to fund
portions of this project.
Mr. Kendrick asked if the E911 System would be a GPS system. Mr. Carroll stated he did not
think so: however, Mr. Carroll feels the system will be able to field cell phone calls.
Landfill Cell “I”: According to Hurt and Proffitt estimates there is still 51 months of
remaining life in the current cell. This shows two things; 1) The baler has allowed for
greater compaction of the waste and 2) the landfill staff has increased efficiency and
effectiveness in using the new method to create a great deal of the space savings.
Several board members stated their concerns and congratulated the landfill employees on the
good job they had been doing. It would be a lot better if the citizens would recycle cardboard,
newspapers, etc. and not put it in the dumpsters.
Animal Control: Mr. Carroll and Mr. Martin have met with representatives from the
Humane Society of the United States and the Virginia Federation of Human Societies
regarding some suggestions they have on our current animal control ordinances and
operations. They will continue to work with these associations as well as A.W.A.G. to
consider ways that the ordinances and operations could be improved in a practical manner
that helps promote public health and safety.
20. Agenda - Joint Meeting with Town of Appomattox: The Agenda for the joint meeting
on Tuesday, June 12" at 7:00 P.M. is attached.
21. Transportation Planning Meeting: The Annual Transportation Planning Meeting will
be held on Monday, June 9" 2001 at 9:30 A.M. at the Ramada Inn and Conference Center
on US 26 at Odd Fellows Road, Lynchburg, Va.
22. VACo Legislative Program: VACo is preparing their annual legislative program and is