115
RESOLVED that member contributions made by the County of Appomattox under the pick up
arrangement shall be treated for all purposes other than income taxation, including but not limited
to VRS benefits, in the same manner and to the same extent as member contributions made prior
to the pick up arrangement; and it is further
RESOLVED that nothing herein shall be constructed so as to permit or extend an option to VRS
members to receive the pick up contributions made by the County of Appomattox directly instead
of having them paid to VRS; and it is further
RESOLVED that notwithstanding any contractual or other provisions, the wages of each member
of VRS who is an employee of the County of Appomattox shall be reduced by the amount of
member contributions picked up by the County of Appomattox on behalf of such employee
pursuant to the foregoing resolutions.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board needed to set a date for refining the financial
forecast in order for Steve Jacobs to finish his work and make his presentation.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to discuss this matter on
October 18, 1999 at 6:00 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Carroll had presented him with an agreement
concerning the EDA grant that needed to be passed. Mr. Bosiger asked the Board to
adopt the agreement.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the EDA Financial
Assistant Award Agreement.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented requests for approval to attend convention/education
seminars.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve for Mrs. Ferguson to
attend a Local Government Risk Control Conference in Richmond at an estimated cost of
$120.00. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for Mr. Carroll to attend
the National Association of Development Organizations Research Foundations
conference at an approximate cost of $150.00. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board needed to appoint Mr. Carroll or Mrs.
Ferguson to vote their proxy at the Annual Conference.