170
Mr. Carwile stated that there was other business that he felt that needed to be brought up at the
organizational meeting. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board should extend to the Chairman
the same privileges in making motions and seconding motions that each member enjoys.
Mr. Moore called for other remarks.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and asked if the Board had agreed to his proposal?
Mr. Moore stated that the consensus of the other members of the Board was that Mr. Carwile’s
proposal was in order.
Mr. Carwile continued that he had one issue that he was heartfelt about and he felt that the
organizational meeting was the time to bring this matter up. Mr. Carwile continued that he would
like to go through and state that for numerous years it has been the policy of the governing body
to have the Commonwealth Attorney as County Attorney. Mr. Carwile stated that in keeping
with good policy he felt the Board should show the same respect and tradition to our new
Commonwealth Attorney, and he felt this should be done now at this organizational meeting
before any business is discussed.
Mr. Carwile continued that he hereby makes a motion that our Commonwealth Attorney, Darrel
Puckett, Jr. serve as County Attorney under the same pay scale and guidelines as our past County
Attorney and also Mr. Puckett would take immediate possession of the position with his
acceptance. Mr. Carwile continued by stating that this is what has been a policy for the Board for
many many years and he feels that it is in order.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else had anything to say concerning this mater?
Mr. Carter began that he felt that Mr. Lawson was appointed County Attorney in the early
nineties and prior to that he was unaware of there being a County Attorney. Mr. Carter continued
that the Town’s attorney was located in Amherst, however, he felt that the County’s attorney
needed to be someone that has experience to help the Board, that Board members from time to
time were going to need that persons expertise, knowledge and loyalty. Mr. Carter continued that
in keeping with those characteristics he would like to see the Board keep Mr. Lawson as County
Attorney.
Mr. Moore asked if there was a second to Mr. Carwile’s motion?
Mr. Hancock seconded the motion.
Mr. Moore called for other discussion.
Mr. Kendrick stated that the only thing that he had to say was that basically the elections indicated
that the people of Appomattox County were interested in making a change and based on the