Mr. Carter, aye.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that it had come to her attention that the policy concerning the
flying of the Confederate Battle Flag on County Property acted on at the January 10" 2000 meeting
has an incorrect date. The policy states May 2nd and should read the second week in May,
Appomattox History Week. Mrs. Ferguson is requesting a change in the policy to correct this error.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to change the policy on the flying of the
Confederate Battle Flag on County Property to read the second week of May, Appomattox History
Week not the 2" of May. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The next item the Board considered was appointing a Board of Assessors comprised of one citizen
from each Magisterial District. This item was moved to the June, 2000 meeting. No action taken.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that the Judges major concern at the Courthouse is security due
to the many entrances into the Courthouse. By moving the offices located in the basement of the
Courthouse to another location, we can secure the stairway from the rest of the building by installing
a door and having the public access to the restrooms via the opposite side of the building. Does the
Board wish to pursue this matter?
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to have Mrs. Ferguson look into ways to make
the Courthouse more secure. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr Carter, aye.
The School Board is requesting a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $14,914.00 due to
adjustments because of an increase in the ADM. There will be no additional local funds necessary.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $14,914.00 to the School Budget
to cover adjustments made by in increase in the ADM. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
Being no further business to discuss, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn
the meeting at 7:47 P.M. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;, Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
ussell H. Moore, Chairman