191
Mr. Hancock explained that the Planning Commission recommended approval of the petition.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve petition 99-407 of Clayton C.
Bryant to rezone property from B-1 to M-1 with Conditional Use permit to allow Truck and
Trailer storage and repairs and contractor facilities to include sandblasting. Property is part of
Tax Map Parcel No. 60-A-53 and is located on Route 609 between Route 460 and Route 608.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that an executive session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-
344(A)7 - legal issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matter.
At 8:12 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into executive session
to discuss a legal and personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick at 9:03 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick aye.
Mr. Moore then called Mr. Steve Conner to appear before the Board.
Mr. Conner began by explaining that he had come to the Board approximately one year
ago with a request for clarification on a policy that had been established concerning
subdivision plat approval. Mr. Conner expressed that the basic content of the question
was if someone submits a plat for approval that meets the lot size requirements in a certain
zoning district is it legal for the Planning Commission to recommend that the lots be
rezoned?