072
Mr. Torrence asked if Dr. Krug and his staff should comment at this time? Mr. Torrence
asked what was going to happen to the children during the construction process. Mr.
Torrence felt that it was dangerous to the children to be put in this situation.
Mrs. Jean Mills stated that she would like to add to Mr. Torrence’s comments that she has
been through a small renovation project and that it was a nightmare for the children. Mrs.
Mills stated that they just survived but they did not learn much. Mrs. Mills felt that the
only way to renovate would be to move the children somewhere else during the
renovation process.
Mr. Carwile stated that he supported Mr. Moore’s comments concerning what is going to
happen to the present facility. Mr. Carwile continued that he feels that the Board of
Supervisors has failed by not having idea’s for use of the present facility if a new school
is constructed. Mr. Carwile stated that he feels that all are concerned with the heritage of
the Carver Price School and trusts that he Board can find a use for the present facility.
Mr. Carwile is concerned with what will satisfy the community. Mr. Carwile stated that
the voice of the people that he was hearing were saying stay with what you have and do
on these premises.
Mr. Milton Chambers asked what has been spent on the elementary school in the past few
years.
Mr. Torrence stated that he felt that Mrs. Marston could answer that question.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Blair Smith and Mr. Earl Dickerson to provide answers for
the questions that had been asked.
Mr. Smith began by asking questions that he had heard from individuals prior to the
meeting. Several questions were why did the school keep saying they needed 20 to 30
acres for an elementary school facility when the state said that 13 acres was sufficient?
Another question Mr. Smith said that he was being asked was if specifications had been
drawn for the facility? Mr. Smith stated that he would try to answer these questions.
Mr. Smith then tried to answer each of the questions and concerns that he had noted from
the comments of the Board of Supervisors members and the citizen representatives.
After Mr. Smith’s presentation, Mr. Bosiger called for a five-minute break at 8:50 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the session at 9:00 P.M. and asked if anyone else wished to
comment?
Mr. Bill Jamerson began that he had some information that he would like to present. Mr.
Jamerson addressed several concerns that had been brought to light and explained how
these concerns could be addressed during renovation. Mr. Jamerson then presented cost
estimates for renovation that he had figured.
z=