621
Payments would be around $40,000 which is about the same as we are paying now. The present’
truck will be paid off in FY2003 and the new truck payment would begin around FY2004.
There was some discussion regarding the total purchase price, the time involved in building the truck
and the interest rate.
Mr. Kendrick thanked Mr. Wingfield for his presentation.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the purchase of the new fire truck
ona 75%/25% basis with the Town of Appomattox. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisors Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated that at times we have things that come before us and there has been a public
hearing for comments, but sometime it is hard to get all the information necessary to comment at that
time. Ifa citizen wants to bring additional information before the Board, should they ask to be
placed on the agenda to present this information. Case in point, Mr. Ray Wingfield and the issue of
biosolids.
Mr. Kendrick sees nothing wrong with asking an individual to come before the Board of Supervisors
thru Supervisors’s Concerns.
At 7:30 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to take a ten (10) minute recess.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
At 7:45 p.m. Mr. Kendrick reopened the meeting and called for presentation of the:
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Proposed Biosolids Ordinance:
At the September 17" 2001 meeting the Board reviewed the proposed ordinance and
suggested some minor changes as noted on pages 4 and 5. It was also agreed this item be
placed on the agenda for tonight.
Mr. Carwile stated he has been busy this week with many contacts to better inform both himself and
others regarding biosolids. Also many people are concerned with the Anthrax scare that is sweeping
the country. Biosolids is not a scare tactic, it will be a reality in Appomattox unless we can ward it
off by some means of coming together and doing whatever we have to do. We have got to take this
thing seriously and to protect the citizens of this County. I am representing the people, and what I
am hearing is they are asking me to buy time to get in unity with other counties, sign resolutions and
come together and go to Richmond and get some teeth in this thing. After reading the proposed
ordinance submitted by the County, it is so limited that he cannot support it. He will comply with
what we have to do.
Mr. Kendrick agrees that everyone wants more restrictions. Residents do not believe that EPA has