After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve 1 and 2 above
concerning Porter House Road as submitted: VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Memorial Gardens: The relocation of the Memorial Gardens was discussed at the last meeting
under Supervisor’s Concerns. Mr. Carroll has met with representatives of the Garden Club and
they have offered the following suggestions: 1) move boxwoods along Clerk’s office building and
brick wall with bulbs placed in other parts of the complex or 2) the boxwoods could be placed
in a group in the triangle portion of the complex at the entrance to the Commissioner of Revenue
and Treasurer’s office. The Garden Club prefers Option one.
Mr. Carwile is concerned with the Courthouse direction. He would not like to see anything until the
courthouse issue is settled.
There was some discussion about waiting until construction has begun. However, Mr. Carroll informed
the Board that he had been advised that the best time to move the boxwoods, etc. was in October
or March and if things progressed on the Courthouse as currently planned construction would begin
before March.
The Board by consensus agreed to give the Garden Club permission to move the Memorial Garden as
per option one as submitted.
4. VDOT Six Year Plan Work Shop: The VDOT Six Year Plan Workshop is tentatively
scheduled for Monday, October 29" at the Appomattox VDOT Residency Office. Is this
agreeable and if so at what time?
The Board by consensus agreed to hold the Six Year Plan Work Shop on Monday, October 29", 2001
at 6:00 p.m. at the Appomattox VDOT Residency Office.
5. Board Appointments:
a. Board of Equalization: The Board needs to appoint someone from each voting district
and two alternates to this Board.
Mr. Carwile nominated Mr. Manley Ferguson to serve from the Wreck Island District.
Mr. Hancock nominated Ms. Darlene Reed as the representative from the Falling River District.
Mr. Moore and Mr. Carter have talked to individuals regarding serving in this capacity but have not as