ooo
aye.
The next item for consideration was Supervisors Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated he would like to see the members of the Road Naming Committee be given
some type of recognition for the wonderful job they did.
Mr. Kendrick recommended that this item be placed on the agenda for consideration at the next
meeting.
Hearing no other concerns, Mr. Kendrick called attention to the Administrative Items:
1. Intensive Livestock Ordinance:
The Planning Commission has submitted the Intensive Livestock Ordinance for the
Board’s review. If the Ordinance is acceptable as written, then a public hearing will need
to be held.
Mr. Carter stated he was in favor of the ordinance.
Mr. Kendrick would like to reconsider some of the items based upon the attorney’s comments
before setting a public hearing date.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to table this item until September 17", and
instruct staff to make amendments to ordinance before setting a public hearing date. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Joint Tourism Committee Recommendations:
Does the Board wish to take any action on the committee’s recommendations regarding
the creation of a tourism director and utilizing the Chamber of Commerce through a
performance contract to increase and enhance the County’s tourism effects?
After some discussion, the Board members felt this was overall a good recommendation and
support taking action to enhance tourism efforts after many years of talking with not much
action.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the recommendation of the Joint
Tourism Committee.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
3. Health Insurance:
The Board was presented with the information regarding the increase in health insurance
costs for the upcoming contract year. A decision needs to be made so employees will
have time to consider their options during the enrollment period.