119
Mr. Conrad asked if basically what we are looking at here as far as paid services, these
services are set up so that when the rescue squad is called during the day time hours,
there will be someone to respond.
Ms. Ferguson stated, this is not what the ordinance is about, but Appomattox Rescue
Squad is entering into an agreement with a private service to have individuals that will
answer daytime calls. You must understand that this is not the answer to all of the
problems. If you have a number of calls come in at the same time, you will never have
enough personnel to respond to all these calls. What this ordinance will do is basically
establish a defined system which we already have a little of in our old County Code.
This is basically updating and expanding and giving permission to those agencies that
serve the citizens to re-coup those costs from private insurance, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.
Tt will allow them to establish this practice, which is identified in the Code.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to Adopt
the following:
EMS/RESCUE DIVISION, PROVIDE FOR MUTUAL AID AND PROVIDE FOR REVENUE RECOVERY AS
AUTHORIZED BY CHAPTER II TITLE 27 OF THE CODE OF VIRGINIA SECTION 32.1-111.14 AND
SECTION 15.2-955. AN ORDINANCE TO ESTABLISH A COUNTY
CHAPTER 21 ARTICLE II
Section 21.6 Establishment of a County EMS/Rescue Division.
a) In order to assure the adequate and continuing emergency services to the citizens of Appomattox County
and to preserve, protect and promote the public health, safety, and general welfare, and in order to
provide all emergency services personnel with the full benefit of privileges, rights and remedies
available to them under law, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County hereby establishes a
County EMS/Rescue Division in order to mitigate the effects of accidents, disasters and other medical
and rescue oriented emergency situations.
b) The following organizations are hereby officially recognized as entities of the Appomattox County
Department of Public Safety, EMS/Rescue Division and are hereby granted permits to operate
emergency medical service vehicles in Appomattox County: Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc.,
Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc., Concord Volunteer Rescue Squad and Gladstone Fire/EMS.
Volunteer agencies identified in this subsection will maintain separate licensure with the Virginia
Department of Health — Division of Emergency Medical Services and maintain oversight of their
respective volunteer agencies unless a separate agreement is entered into with Appomattox County as
agreed to by both parties. Included in this provision is the responsibility to maintain mutual aid
agreements with bordering agencies.
c) The following organizations are hereby officially recognized as private commercial or not-for-profit
entities that are authorized to provide EMS services within Appomattox County and are granted permits
to operate emergency medical service vehicles, including but not limited to air medical evacuation
(medevac) services utilizing helicopters equipped for such use, in Appomattox County and charge a fee
for the service they provide to patients: any private service provider with whom Appomattox County
Volunteer Rescue Squad, Inc. or Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc., contracts, Centra Health
(Medflight helicopter}, University of Virginia (Pegasus helicopter) and Carilion Health System
(Lifeguard helicopter). Furthermore, these private commercial or not-for-profit entities, except for
Appomattox County Rescue Squad and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc., are exempt from the
remainder of the provisions in this article.
d) Each of the organizations mentioned in section 21.6(b) shall be assigned response areas that provide the
best services to the citizens of the County. These response areas shall be maintained in writing by the
Appomattox County Department of Public Safety, a capy of which will be posted in the communications