634
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next called the Board's attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
21. 460 Traffic Study: Response from VDOT concerning extending the 45 miles
per hour speed limit on US460 to the entrance road at the Moose Lodge.
22. Old Elementary School: Letter from Dr. Krug to the Carver-Price Alumni
Association concerning the request from them wanting to know when the School
System would be able to vacate the leased portions of the old school building.
23. E-911 Status: Report from Timmons concerning the status of the addressing.
24. Town of Appomattox: Agenda from the August 24, 2004 Town Council
meeting.
25. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of the Board of
Directors meeting held on July 22, 2004.
26: Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Craft would like to take a vote on the donation to the Re-enactment.
Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Rowlette has commented on the questions regarding the
expenditures and other questions the Board had. The Board previously had stated they
would give monies to this event as a one time affair and after that, the Reenactment
Committee would be on its own.
Mr. Moore stated he felt the reenactment did a lot for the County and we contribute to a
lot of other things — he has a problem with not continuing with their support. He feels
we should contribute something, how much he does not know.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to not give any monies to the 2005
reenactment. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, nay; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (3 aye votes, 1 nay vote and 1 absent).
Upcoming Meetings
September 20, 2004
Town Office
6:30 p.m.
At 7:40 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adjourn.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes — 1 absent)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman