48]
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from opening meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisor’s Concerns
Hearing none, Mr. Kendrick addressed the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-11)
1. Redistricting:
The Board discussed the proposed action plan for the Redistricting process. The plan
included the formation of an Advisory Committee consisting of a member of the Board of
Supervisors, a member of the School Board, a member of the Electoral Board, the County
Registrar and a citizen representative.
After some discussion the Board, on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carwile, voted to
adopt the Redistricting proposal. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
The Board by consensus appointed Jesse Hancock to serve on the Advisory Board as the
representative of the Board of Supervisors.
2. Telecommunications Facility Ordinance:
The Planning Commission has submitted the final draft of the Telecommunications Facility
Ordinance for review and if the Board is agreeable, set a date for a public hearing
After discussion, the Board members felt this was a well documented ordinance.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to schedule a public hearing on this ordinance
on Monday, April 2, 2001 at 7:00 P.M. at the Appomattox County Courthouse. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Planning Commission Recommendations:
The Planning Commission has submitted the following recommendations from the February
20, 2001 meeting.