O76
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-392 of Seay & Thomas (Vivian Seay) for a
conditional use permit to allow on site advertisement sign erected on property located at
500 Court Street. Tax Map #64A5-4-B-1. Zoned R-2.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Ms. Vivian Seay came forward and gave her address as 500 Court Street, Appomattox,
Virginia. Ms. Seay continued that they wanted to put an on site sign at their business
located on Court Street. Ms. Seay explained that an approximate size of the sign was
shown on the sketch that was submitted with the application and that the sign would be
erected on Court Street approximately 6 to 10 feet off the street. Ms. Seay stated that the
sign will be perpendicular to the street and will be a two-sided sign.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-393 of Tracie R. Porter for a conditional use
permit for home occupation (Small engine repair) in accessory building. Property is Tax
Map #88-A-21 and 21, located on Route 733 between Route 727 and Dead End and is
zoned R-1. :
Ms. Tracie R. Porter came forward gave her address as Appomattox and asked the Board
to grant her request for a small engine repair business in an accessory building located at
her home.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-394 of James L. Arthur for a conditional use
permit for home occupation (gun shop and gunsmith service) in accessory building.
Property is Tax Map #76A-130, located on Route 635 between Route 1057 and Route
695 and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. James L. Arthur came forward and gave his address as Route | Box 838,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Arthur began that he just moved here from Amherst County
and that he had been in this business for 30 years. Mr. Arthur explained that his business
was ¥atalog sales and that he could not sell to anyone under 21 years of age. Mr. Arthur
cc