2975
in a business park. We are not anti-business. We know from testimony and other statements that
a wood yard operated from 1977 to 1990. It has been ten years since any sanctioned, legitimate
activity has taken place on this property. No need to change zoning. Nothing has changed since we
were here last. Zoning exists to protect residences from the encroachment of industry. Please do not
expose us to this activity, we do not want it.
(Signed petitions in Public Hearing Folder)
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to speak against this petitions.
Mr. James W. Franklin came forward and stated he has been a resident of Concord for 68 years,
other that the time he spent in the service, he has spent his life in the village of Concord. He is very
dedicated to it and enjoys living there. Over the years, things change and changes are inevitable.
Zoning is necessary to give some sense of direction between commercial and residential property.
It has served Concord well, because with all the changes, it is still a quiet, peaceful place. Concord
historically and sociologically deserves better than to become a tractor trailer parking lot/graveyard.
We need to preserve those things that are of value to the community.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Ms. Monica Martin of 177 Station Lane came forward. Mrs. Martin wished to appeal to your
sympathy and hopefully heartfelt sentiments for historic landmarks. She and her husband moved the
Concord Rail Station and reside in the station master’s home. We have tried to preserve what is left
of the Concord station. Hopefully, someday they will have enough expendable income to resurrect
it. To zone M-1 across from this would be very detrimental to the preservation of this property.
Mr. Moore asked for other comments.
Mr. Thomas Booth wrote a letter that pretty much expresses his feelings on the subject. Places of
business should keep their trucks clean. Some places you drive by have trucks that are just junk, piles
of lumber, tires, etc. He would hate to see that type of operation in their neighborhood. Would like
Mr. Moore to locate out of a residential district.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Mr. Caldwell, Clerk to Planning Commission had several letters he wished to read to the Board as
part of the public hearing Mr. Caldwell has two (2) letters against the petition and one (1) for in
support of the petition.
James E. & Martha H. Cothran
P.O. Box 953
Concord, Va 24538-0953
April 16, 2000