237
Petition number 00-411 of CFW Intelos for a conditional use permit to allow 195 foot tower on
property located on Route 732 between Route 460 and dead end. Property is zoned B-1 and is
Tax Map Parcel No. 62-5-C; and
Petition number 00412 of CFW Intelos for a conditional use permit to allow 190 foot tower on
property located on Route 460 between Route 648 and Route 667. Property is zoned A-1 and is
Tax Map Parcel No. 73-A-6A. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr Carwile, aye, Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that when he became Chairman of the Board he had been serving on
the Planning Commission and had asked Mr. Hancock to take his place on the Planning
Commission. Mr. Moore continued that Mr. Hancock needed to be formerly appointed to the
Planning Commission to replace Mr. Moore.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Mr. Jesse Hancock to the
Appomattox County Planning Commission replacing Mr. Russell Moore. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, abstain; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next presented a letter from Hurt & Proffitt regarding the landfills ground water
monitoring status. Mr. Moore explained that it appears that everything is at the proper place
regarding the ground water program.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had read this information over and that some of these requirements did
not set well with him but we have to be in compliance. Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if she
had anything to add? Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board would just have to accept what
had been presented since he was not in a position to challenge the information. Mr. Carwile
stated that he saw nothing to do but go along with it.
Mr. Moore stated that he agreed that we were at D.E.Q.’s mercy where the landfill was
concerned.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from Emanuel Tire of Virginia for a six month extension
from April until September to continue operating within the landfill under the current agreement.
Mr. Moore explained that Emanuel Tire was awaiting the outcome of a contract negotiation to
determine whether or not to stay in this area.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to grant a six month extension, from April
until September 2000, to Emanuel Tire of Virginia to continue operating within the landfill under
the current agreement.
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if she thought that this was truly a six month extension or was
this a six months to regroup and stay with the County?
Mrs. Ferguson explained that negotiations were in the process with Emanuel Tire of Virginia for
them to continue to operate from the landfill. Mrs. Ferguson explained that she felt the extension