135
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Consent
Agenda as presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
16. Town of Appomattox: Agenda for Town Council Meeting held on October 9,
2007. Also, information concerning possible voluntary water restrictions for the
Town and other localities.
17. Appomattox County Public Schools: Monthly Financial Report for the
Appomattox County Public Schools for the month ending September 30,2 007.
18. Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation District: Minutes of their
Board of Directors meeting held August 23, 2007 for your information.
19. FY2008 Budget Reductions: Detailed analysis of the FY2008 budget
reductions that impact local governments.
20. County Reports from Departments;
Appomattox Animal Control
Appomattox Building & Housing
Appomattox County Landfill
« Appomattox Parks, Recreation & Tourism Department
Planning
21. Certifications Received: George E. “Spud” Almond, Chairman of the
Appomattox County Planning Commission has completed the Virginia Certified
Planning Commissioners Program.
Mr. Carter would like to see a monthly progress report from the CSA Coordinator,
Shannon Scott.
Mr, Conrad commented that with the budget reductions announced by the Governor, the
services covered by these funds will still have to be provided. This expenditure will most
likely fall on the local governments.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad reminded everyone that Ms. Susan Hogge, Legislative Fiscal Analysis on the
Appropriations Committee in the House of Delegates will meet with Board of Supervisors
and the School Board on Monday, November 26, 2007 at 7:00 P.M.
Mr. Conrad also asked Ms. Ferguson to check on the status of the request to have
Appomattox County declared as a disaster area due to drought conditions.
Mr. Conrad also would like to recognize Rick Bulter and his son for their fire fighting
efforts.
Mr. Carter discussed the Town Utility Committee Meeting and the letter the Town
received from the State Health Department dated October 4, 2007 regarding the status
of the wells supplying the Town of Appomattox with water. They requested that the
Town conserve water and to consider supplementing the water supply. The Health
Department has requested a reply by November 1, 2007.