267
presently allow rifles larger than a 22 and shotguns during hunting season. Mrs. Jamerson continued
that Buckingham was one of our adjoining counties that presently had these restrictions. The
restrictions state that no rifle larger than a 22 for hunting, it is unlawful to use muzzle loaded rifles
during regular hunting season, and it is unlawful to use a rifle larger than a 22 rim-fire when hunting
ground hogs. Mrs. Jamerson continued by providing statistics from the Department of Game and
Inland Fisheries on hunting accidents involving rifles. In closing Mrs. Jamerson stated that she had
petitions signed by three hundred and seven citizens of the County in opposition to the proposed
change in the ordinance. (Petitions are on file in the April Board of Supervisors file).
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Robert Stephenson to come forward.
Mr. Stephenson came forward and gave his address as Gladstone, Virginia. Mr. Stephenson stated
that he was in favor of the use of high powered rifles in Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Willie Craft to come forward.
Mr. Craft began by giving his address as Route 634, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Craft continued that
he was in favor of the use of high powered rifles in Appomattox County. Mr. Craft stated that he
had only hunted three times in Appomattox County in thirty-one years because he preferred to hunt
with high powered rifles and was therefore forced to go elsewhere to do his hunting. Mr. Craft stated
that he has some feelings about the petition that had just been presented because people went door
to door getting signatures and even showed up in Church on Sunday morning asking people to sign
the petitions against high powered rifles. Mr. Craft continued that he did not feel that people should
go to these lengths to get petitions signed. Mr. Craft once again stated that he was in favor of
hunting with rifles in Appomattox County just like the majority of counties in Virginia.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Donald W. Carrico, Sr..
Mr. Carrico came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Carrico
continued that he was for rifles in Appomattox County. Mr. Carrico stated that this was a hunting
issue and he felt that this was a sport. Mr. Carrico continued that some people had basket weaving
and some people enjoyed golf, he had hunting.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Marshall W. Forest to come forward.
Mr. Forest came forward and gave his address as Route 645, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Forest
continued that he supported the use of rifles in Appomattox County. Mr. Forest explained that
several years ago his son gave him a rifle and he had to go out of the County to use it. Mr. Forest
continued that there were sixty-one counties in this state that allow hunting with rifles. Mr. Forest
stated that there were counties that are very populated such as Henrico County. Mr. Forest also
pointed out that there were counties with terrain flatter than here. Mr. Forest continued that he did