194
Mrs. Ferguson explained that Ms. Henderson has calculated the revenue as it is now and
at the bottom of the page is the equalized rate calculated which is at 42.5 cent per 100 for
real estate.
Ms. Ferguson also stated that Ms. Henderson has separated the portion of personal
property that actually comes directly from individuals and then the portion of
reimbursement that comes from the state which is that PPTRA. Ms. Henderson has also
broken out the county license tax which is normally lumped in with another figure.
The personal property and license tax abatement has been subtracted from the revenue.
Ms. Ferguson stated that these were the main changes in the revenue and also noted that
Ms. Henderson has changed the format just a little because she has added a few things
that are not normally seen on the revenue projections.
Ms. Henderson explained to the Board about the abatements which are so high and the
Commissioner of Revenue has no control over.
Ms. Henderson states that this abatement value is usually not on the revenue projections,
but she feels that is something that needs to be considered.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the abatement previously had been put in the revenue,
because she was not aware of the abatement. Ms. Ferguson explained having this
information gives you a truer picture of what the revenue will be.
Mr. Craft questioned Ms. Henderson on the tax relief for the elderly and if they had
received many applications for this. Ms. Henderson stated that she is getting applications
in and there are a few new applicants but not many.
Ms. Ferguson explained that what the Board had received in the projected revenue was
calculated on the tax rate at 46 cent per 100.
Ms. Ferguson explained that when you change the real estate rate because of the
assessment the revenue goes down almost half.
Ms. Henderson explained that all mobile homes are listed at the real estate rate.
Ms. Ferguson explained that due to state reductions the revenue has been reduced by five
percent.
Ms. Ferguson explained the revenue highlights are that real estate is calculated at 46 cent
per 100, the reduced reimbursement for constitutional officers by five percent and
included a reduction of personal property for abatement.
Ms. Ferguson next explained the budget highlights is a four percent pay increase for all
county employees and constitutional officers and their staff with a few exceptions which
is the registrar which includes an additional amount.