(c)
(d)
(©)
109
Billing process. Patients will fall into one of the following categories for
billing purposes.
(1) Insured through third-party health insurance company, Medicare,
Medicaid, and is a resident of or employed in Appomattox County. The
appropriate health insurance carrier will be billed. A resident of
Appomattox County or persons employed in Appomattox County will not
be responsible (invoiced) for co-payments, co-insurance, deductibles, or
other similar payments.
(2) Insured through third-party health insurance company, Medicare,
Medicaid, and is not a resident of or employed in Appomattox County.
The appropriate health insurance carrier will be billed. Any applicable
co-payments, co-insurance, deductibles, or other similar payments, may
be billed to the patient.
(3) No insurance and is a resident of or employed in Appomattox County.
The patient will be billed for services with no further action for collection.
(4) No insurance and is not a resident of or employed in Appomattox County.
A bill may be sent to the patient transported. If the individual has the
financial ability to pay, then payment of the outstanding charges is
required. If the patient can demonstrate a financial hardship and qualifies
for reduced payments pursuant to subsection (c), then the patient shall be
eligible for a reduction of the amount of the charges due.
Billing contractor. Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin
Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. may contract with a third-party for billing and
related services.
Ability to pay program.
(1) This program establishes an equitable fee setting policy for those
situations where the patient is unable to meet the ambulance transport
charge because of demonstrated financial hardship.
(2) The Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire
and EMS, Inc. shall establish “an ability to pay” scale and eligibility
criteria for individuals who can demonstrate financial hardship and receive
a reduction in the charges owed.
(3) Whena patient is billed for a transport and because of limited financial
resources or assets, a procedure is hereby established for such patients to
apply for a reduction in the charges due.
(4) A patient representing that there exists a financial hardship will submit
information sufficient to determine such hardship. If it is determined that
payment of the emergency ambulance transport charges creates a financial
hardship. Charges due may be reduced or waived according to the scale as
may be established by the Appomattox County Rescue, Inc. or the
Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc.