613
1. Details of the Non-Subsidized Bonds. The Non-Subsidized Bonds shall be dated the date
of issuance and delivery of the Non-Subsidized Bonds; shall be designated “General Obligation School
Bonds, Series 2001; shall bear interest from the date of delivery thereof payable semi - annually on each
January 15 and July 15 beginning July 15, 2002 (each an “Interest Payment Date”), at the rates
established in accordance with Section 4 of this Resolution; and shall mature on July 15 in the years (each
a “Principal Payment Date”) and in the amounts set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (the “Principal
Installments”), subject to the provisions of Section 4 of this Resolution.
2. Sale of Bonds. In the event that the purchase price determined by VPSA for the purchase of
the Bonds would exceed 103% (105% for Bonds with a final maturity or amortization schedule of 10
years or less) of par, the County, at the request of VPSA will lower the amount of Bonds to be issued to
provide a purchase price and a proceeds amount that is within 103% (or 105% for Bonds with a final
maturity or amortization schedule of 10 years or less) of the amount requested pursuant to the application
submitted to VPSA.
3. Interest Rates and Principal Installments. The County Administrator is hereby authorized
and directed to accept the interest rates on the Non-Subsidized Bonds established by the VPSA, provided
that each interest rate shall be ten one-hundredths of one percent (0.10%) over the interest rate to be paid
by the VPSA for the corresponding principal payment date of bonds to be issued by the VPSA (the
“VPSA Bonds”), a portion of the proceeds of which will be used to purchase the Non-Subsidized Bonds,
and provided further that the true interest cost of the Non-Subsidized Bonds do not exceed five and eighty
five one-hundredths percent (5.85%) per annum. The Interest Payment Dates and the Principal
Installments are subject to change at the request of the VPSA. The County Administrator is hereby
authorized and directed to accept changes in the Interest Payment Dates and the Principal Installments
at the request of the VPSA, provided that the aggregate principal amount of the Non-Subsidized Bonds
shall not exceed the amount authorized by this Resolution. The execution and delivery of the Non-
Subsidized Bonds as described in Section 6 hereof shall conclusively evidence such interest rates
established by the VPSA and Interest Payment Dates and the Principal Installments requested by the
VPSA as having been so accepted as authorized by this Resolution.
4. Form of the Non-Subsidized Bonds. The Non-Subsidized Bonds shall be initially in the
form of a single, temporary typewritten bond substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
5. Payment; Paying Agent and Bond Registrar. The following provisions shall apply to the
Non-Subsidized Bonds:
(a) For as long as the VPSA is the registered owner of the Non-Subsidized Bonds, all payments
of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Non-Subsidized Bonds shall be made in immediately
available funds to the VPSA at, or before 11:00 a.m. on the applicable Interest Payment Date, Principal
Payment Date or date fixed for prepayment or redemption, or if such date is not a business day for
Virginia banks or for the Commonwealth of Virginia, then at or before 11:00 a.m. on the business day
next preceding such Interest Payment Date, Principal Payment Date or date fixed for prepayment or
redemption.
(b) All overdue payments of principal and, to the extent permitted by law, interest shall bear