095
Mr. Bosiger next explained that there were several Board and Committee appointments
that needed to be made.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Miss Cameron Mozingo
to the Regional Renaissance Steering Committee. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Torrence to the
Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board of Directors for a term to expire
September 30, 2002. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Lynchburg Chamber of Commerce was requesting a
resolution of support for a task force to pursue expanded passenger rail to our area.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the feasibility of expanded passenger rail service from the Washington,
D.C., and Richmond, Virginia, areas to Bristol, Virginia, has been studied and
documented by the Virginia Department of Rail and Public Transportation; and
WHEREAS, this passenger rail service would provide an attractive transportation
alternative that could lead to economic, tourism, environmental and other social benefits
for Appomattox County and its citizens; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox Board of Supervisors believes this passenger rail service is
both cost-effective and consistent with a well-planned, multi-modal transportation system
in the Commonwealth of Virginia;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
reaffirms its support and endorsement for the provision of passenger rail service from the
Washington, D.C., and Richmond, Virginia, areas to Bristol, Virginia and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
encourages the implementation of this rail service and pledges its assistance to the
Commonwealth of Virginia in implementing said service.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary
to discuss a real estate matter under Section 2.1-344.3(a) and a legal matter under section
2.1-344.7(b).
At 8:45 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into executive
session to discuss a real estate and legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.