147
Steve Conner
Al Sears (arrived 6:05 p.m.)
Susan Hudson
Calvin Tanner
Bryan Baine
ABSENT (Planning Commission )
Shannon Dews
Marvin Mitchell
Barry Morris
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T, Ferguson, County Administrator
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
John G, Overstreet, County Attorney
At 6:00 P. M. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and stated that the first public
hearing would be to receive comments on :
“Amendment to the Appomattox County Code, Chapter 170- Zoning:
Section 170-57 FPO, Flood Plain Overlay District:
Repeal existing Section 170-57 et seq and replace with Section 170-57.1 et seq
consisting of requirements to prevent the loss of property and life, the creation of public
safety hazards, disruption of commerce, and governmental services, and the
expenditure of public funds for the flood protection and relief and the impairment of the
tax base. “
Upon completion of the Public Hearing on Section 170-57 FPO, Flood Plain Overlay
District, we will receive public comments. If no one speaks on this ordinance change,
we will then turn the meeting over to the Town Council to present their public hearing
on amending the Town Code on Chapter 15, Flood Plain District.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Almond, Chairman of the Appomattox County Planning
Commission to call the Planning Commission to order, after which the meeting was
turned over to Mr. Roark, County Planner.
Mr. Roark stated the changes to this ordinance is an update based on FEMA for the first
time since 1978. They have updated the maps and this probably will be the only update
most of us will see in our lifetime. The most important change in the ordinance is in
Section 170-57.5 where it gives an effective date of January 2, 2008 when the new map
will become effective. Mr. Roark showed everyone an example of the new maps.
Mr. Carter then called for comments on Amending Section 170-57 FPO, of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Mr. Conrad made a comment on the different coloring on the new map. Mr. Roark
answered that the areas in blue were in the flood plain.
Mr. Roark asked for additiona! comments.