148
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Carter closed this part of the public hearing.
Mr. Carter stated that the County had advertised for another proposed amendment to
the Appomattox County Code, Chapter 71 — Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance.
The public hearing on this item has been postponed and read the following statement:
“As you know, the County’s erosion and sediment control program has been under
review by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) since early
2007. On November 15, 2007, the Virginia Soil and Water Conservation Board formally
accepted the Corrective Action Agreement (CAA) with Appomattox County thus starting
a 180 day period in which the County must become consistent will all aspects of the
Virginia Erosion and Sediment Control Law. Recently, information provided by the DCR
staff has conflicted with recommended amendments provided by DCR staff at an
October meeting to review the Program Evaluation and the CAA causing a great deal of
confusion as to what changes actually should be made.
County Staff continues to work with DCR staff to correct the ordinance shortcomings as
identified in the CAA that was delivered during this Program Evaluation meeting.
However, due to the miscommunication and confusion created by DCR staff, County
staff feels that the best course of action is to postpone the public hearing scheduled for
November 26, 2007 concerning the local Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance
amendments and delay any action to a later date.”
At 6:10 p.m, Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing.
7
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On Monday, November 26, 2007 at 6:15 p.m. the Appomattox County Board ofSupervisors held its regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County CommunityCenter, located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA. 24522.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H, Craft —- Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
Gary W. Tanner, Supervisor Elect