180
Mr. Carter congratulated Ms. Anne Dixon and Ms. Becky Nix, after reading in theSaturday newspaper which reported on the increase of Tourism in the Town and Countywhich equates to monetary funds being transferred to retail stores and businesses. Mr.Carter stated that the tourism aspect is growing and that is what we are looking forward
to.
Mr. Conrad stated that based on the money that was going to be saved on the landfill; weshould have money to correct what you see at the dumpster sites and eliminate all thetrash you see along the roadway.
Mr. Conrad thanked the Board and County office for the condolences received during thedeath of his wife’s father.
Chairman Craft next presented Mr. Carter with an engraved clock for his services asChairman of the Board of Supervisors.
Chairman Craft reminded the Board of the next scheduled meetings and reminded theBoard again of scheduled budget meetings.
Ms. Henderson next questioned the Board as to whether they were going to vote on the
ordinance for the tax relief for the elderly.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Board could vote on this at tonight’s meeting.
Chairman Craft explained that earlier this evening the Board had held a public hearing on
proposed changes to the ordinance for tax relief for the elderly.
ARTICLE V
Exemption for Elderly and Disabled Persons
147-12.Exemption on certain real estate.
A. (Amended 4-10-1981; 5-8-1991; 4-13-1984; 1-2-1996;) Taxation ofthe
dwelling owned by and occupied as the sole dwelling of any person or persons
who are elderly or permanently and totally disabled in accordance with the
definitions cited above, and provided that the head of the household
occupying the dwelling and owning title or partial title thereto has been a
resident of Appomattox County for at least one (1) year prior to December 31
of the taxable year for which the request is made, is hereby exempted subject
to the following restrictions and conditions:
(1) The total combined income during the immediately preceding calendar year from
all sources of the owners of the dwelling living therein and of the owners’
relatives living in the dwelling does not exceed (twenty thousand ($20,000.00),
provided that the first (Six thousand five hundred (6,500.00) of income of each