294
Mr. Carwile made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board approve Chamber of Commerce’s
application to hold annual Banjo Jam and waive fee and bond. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Social Services Board is requesting that Mrs. Martha Watkins be appointed to replace Mr.
Lacy Webb on the Social Services Board.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Carwile made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mrs. Martha Watkins to the Social
Services Board to succeed Mr. Lacy Webb, whose term expires on May 31, 2000. Vote:
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, and Mr. Carter, aye.
Robinson, Farmer and Cox have provided a proposal to continue preparing the Central Services Cost
Allocation Plan for the County. They have done an excellent job in the past and Mrs. Ferguson
recommends that their services be continued for the next three (3) years.
Mr.Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept Robinson, Farmer and Cox’s
proposal for the Central Services Cost Allocation Plan for the County for the next three (3) years.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Supplemental Appropriation Requests were submitted as follows:
(A) Sheriff’s Office: The Sheriffs Office has been offered a grant totaling $2,080.00 to use to pay
for overtime for drug enforcement. The cost to the County is $208.00.
(B) Animal Control: Appropriation for $41.00 to professional services in the Animal Control Budget
for reimbursement received from Dinner Bell for a calf we were forced to sell due to owner being
ordered to have all livestock removed from his property.
(C) Library: Appropriate the following to the Library budget for reimbursement and donations
received. $17.75 to the office supply line;
79.70 to the book line;
114.00 from the summer reading program.
(D) Asset Forfeiture Account: Appropriate $130.00 from the asset forfeiture account for the month
of April 2000.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendick to approve supplemental appropriations A, B,
Cand D. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
L.D.A. Bond appropriation request in the amount of $4,119.84 to pay for architectural services for the
Sheriff's Addition.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $4,119.84 from the IDA Bond
Account to pay for architectural services for the Sheriffs addition. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Appomattox County High School Chapter of Family, Career and Community Leaders of America