93
Mr. Armbrust thinks we need to be fair to both sides. His thoughts are if
grading/lowering of this bank is necessary, it needs to go back to the Planning
Commission.
Mr. Conrad comments that the cypress trees were specifically based on the research and
design to impede the view of the residents.
Mr. Roark responded that the cypress trees are traditionally buffer material
recommended by people who design this type of barrier in residential areas. Also
alternative #3 and #4, having a 25 ft. buffer zone, reduces the number of spaces for
display and parking of automobiles.
There was a lot of discussion on just where the trees would be planted, private property
or state right-of-way.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Planning Commission recommended Alternative #1.
Alternative #2 is what the Board talked about at the last meeting. Alternative #3
incorporates what Mr. Kennon had commented about the height of the trees, etc.
Alternative #4 is a concept that Mr. Roark came up with considering the location of the
property.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needs to determine if they want to accept Alternative #3 or
Alternative #4.
After further discussion, Mr, Craft made a motion to refer this petition back to the
Planning Commission for further recommendations. Motion died due to the lack of a
second.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to refer this petition back to the
Planning Commission with the Board recommendations. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 ayes votes)
Mr. Carter stated we would enter into a recess to hold a Public Hearing with the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and the Appomattox Town Council.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter re-convened the Board of Supervisors meeting and called Mr.
Lyndon Bryant to address the Board.
Mr. Landon Bryant: Mr. Bryant has requested time to discuss the possibility of the
Board moving the container site at Vera either to another location or further back on the
property adjoining this site.
Mr. Bryant stated that his letter pretty much explains his problem. They have problems
with the noise, dust and animals around the dumpster site. They must also contend
with the odor especially in the hot weather. One dumpster is only 56 feet from his
son’s house and the smell is awful. He does not feel like anyone should have to live
with these conditions. He has been complaining about these conditions to several