590
the public hearing is not the proper forum to engage in discussion on the arguments and only
individual comments on the Ordinance will be received by the Board. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record. If you are not a county resident,
please state your name, home locality and interest. Also please limit your comments to five minutes.
Mr. Kendrick then turned the meeting over to Mr. Brandon Stidham, County Planner.
Mr. Stidham called Mrs. Bethel Moore to come forward.
Mrs. Moore, gave her address as Route 2, Box 21, Concord, Va and stated she is a land owner and
taxpayer in the County. She has several questions and concerns regarding this ordinance. She
received her paper this week and discovered we were doing this. There may have been other notices
that she missed, but this was the first time she had read about this issue. Mrs. Moore has obtained
a copy of the draft ordinance and has the following concerns: the 200 ft. setback is too close to
residences, open storage lagoons, why biosolids are being bought in from other localities and how
often can they be applied. Mrs. Moore also questioned who can reject these applications and if there
is an appeal process for county residents. For these reasons she is against this ordinance. Mrs. Moore
feels there should be further study and stricter laws that are more applicable to the County.
Mr. Stidham next called Mr. Ervin Crump to address the Board.
Mr. Crump came forward and stated he lived at Route 1, Box 510, Appomattox, VA Mr. Crump
stated he had been picking up trash along his road for the past 10 years. This trash includes fertilizer
bags, other plastic bags and containers that have been allowed to accumulated in the ditches and on
his property by farm operations in his neighborhood. His concern is if someone is being this
irresponsible with this type of debris, how do we know that they will be more responsible with
something more unpleasant such as biosolids.
Mr. Stidham then called Mr. Dennis Torrence to come forward.
Mr. Torrence gave his address as Route 2, Box 506, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Torrence stated that
someone has said “farmers need help to survive unless that help is unfair or unsafe”. He feels the
use of biosolids is unfair - a few people are going to benefit at the expense of others. He also feels
that companies that have never done business here will come in and give away fertilizer and put local
companies out of business. 90 to 95% of Appomattox County is zoned A-1. Biosolids have not
been proven safe and EPA cannot guarantee the safety of land application to residents. Animals
cannot graze and crops cannot be planted for lengthy periods of time. Mr. Torrence suggested the
Ordinance be revised and stricter restrictions be applied. Mr. Torrence closed by passing out a list
of suggested changes to this Ordinance.
Mr. Stidham called the next speaker, Mr. Ray Wingfield.
Mr. Wingfield gave his address as Route 4, (Route 711) Appomattox, Va. Mr. Wingfield stated that
he had attended two meeting in Appomattox and one in Buckingham; he had written several
editorials and has not seen or heard any comments from senators or congressmen on this typic. Mr.