209
be a long time before the old train station could be utilized. Mr. Kendrick agreed. Mr. Carwile
asked if the fire department still maintained ownership of the old fire house. Mr. Kendrick stated
that he felt that they did retain ownership. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that this was a very
modest request. Mr. Carwile asked if they wanted the money to be considered at budget time or
at the present time? Mr. Kendrick stated that they would like the money now because they had
already begun the work. Mr. Kendrick stated that if the Board did not want to consider it at this
time that he would like it to be considered during the budget process, but he would prefer to
appropriate the money now.
Mr. Moore stated that he would like to see it go through the budget process because of the large
number of expenditures already facing the Board. Mr. Carwile stated that he respected Mr.
Moore’s opinion , but that he would like Ms. Ferguson to research to see if there was some
money in the budget that could be diverted to this project. Mr. Kendrick stated that the group
had arranged for half of the money and was also putting in their time and that he felt that when
people volunteer their time that the least the County can do is provide the facilities.
Mr. Moore then stated that Robinson Farmer Cox had adjusted the financial forecast to show the
Courthouse and new elementary school being financed in FY 2001 and the debt service for these
projects beginning in FY 2002. Mr. Kendrick discussed that the number used for the school was
$9 million and that the proposed school was for $13 million so the figures shown on the financial
forecast would be even worse with a higher school cost figure. The Board agreed that this was a
grave concern.
The Board then asked Mr. Carroll to then go over the financial forecast. Mr. Carroll proceeded
to explain the financial forecast from Robinson Farmer Cox focusing primarily on the tax rates,
debt service, and reserve fund balances. Some discussion followed the financial forecast.
Mr. Moore stated that a closed session was needed for a legal and a personnel matter. Mr.
Carwile asked Mr. Moore if he could go back to Supervisors Concerns for a moment. Mr.
Carwile stated that he would like the Board to read the package from the Lighthouse of Love, and
that the Board consider joining with the other people that had supported them. Mr. Carwile
asked that the Board consider giving them a Resolution of Support for all the good work that the
Lighthouse of Love was doing in the community. Mr. Carwile stated that the resolution would
cost the Board nothing, but that it would probably mean a lot to the Barnes’.
Mr. Moore asked the other members of the Board about their feelings. Mr. Carter stated that he
was not sure that they would not be duplicating some of the services already available within the
County, but that he felt they were trying to help their fellow humans and should be commended
for that. Mr. Hancock asked whether the project had any staying power. Mr. Moore stated that it
was not a planned situation. Mr. Moore continued that the Barnes’ and their eight children had
tried to rent a place from Mr. Carwile and that Mr. Carwile did not have a place large enough for
them, but he had suggested the motel. After they had the room that they started providing the
services they had described earlier. Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Moore was correct. Mr.
Kendrick stated that he felt the resolution was a good thing to do. It was the consensus of the
Board that Mr. Carroll draft a Resolution of Support to be approved at the next meeting.