640
The General Assembly should give greater consideration to overhauling the current tax code
to alleviate pressures imposed on localities by dependence upon real estate taxes.
Localities should be granted increased authority over all land use activities conducted within
their borders. State permitting or other authorization of a land use activity should not
preclude a locality’s right to prohibit that activity (e.g., land application of biosolids).
Localities should not be required to implement unfunded state mandates until the General
Assembly establishes and adopts an adequate funding mechanism. Any deadline established
for implementation of the mandated program shall be set from the date of passage of the
funding mechanism and not the passage of the enabling legislation.
Opposes legislation that increases the mandatory recycle rate for landfills from the current
25% without funding and technical assistance provided by the General Assembly.
Requests a study be initiated to determine the Virginia Resource Authority’s ability to
provide financing for the construction of public buildings and facilities, in particular
courthouses and county government buildings.
Localities should have the authority to add a maximum of 1% to the state sales tax, with
voter approval, for capital improvement programs including b ut not limited to: school
construction/maintenance, infrastructure improvements (water, sewer, and transportation),
community development projects (e.g., recreation centers/fields), and public buildings (e.g.,
courthouse construction/improvements).
The General Assembly should create a funding mechanism to insure annual pay raises for
local Constitutional officers, sheriff's deputies, and school teachers without increasing the
local tax burden.
Appomattox County supports the 50/40/10 state income tax distribution formula so long as
the state does not use the program to supplant other funding.
Strongly opposes expansion of the Chesapeake Bay Preservation Act (CBPA) as currently
enforced in CBPA communities to areas encompassing Appomattox County. The County
would support modified CBPA legislation under the following conditions:
a. Programs are voluntary and incentive-based, not mandatory; or
b. Less burdensome standards are established that rationally relate to the region’s
impact on the Chesapeake Bay; or
c. Legislation is passed that has a negligible, if any, effect on housing affordability and
construction costs.
Supports legislation that eliminates the SCC tax of 2.25% on health insurance premiums for
local government entities.