138
Dr. Boone also discussed the various accomplishments of each of the schools, including
academic accomplishments, sports activities, and music programs.
Dr. Boone also informed the Board of Supervisors that Appomattox had won the 2007
Physiology, Health and Workplace Award of Excellence — the Gold Award. This means
that we are pretty happy working here and get along with our co-workers. He thinks it
is very important to know that we do have a School Board Office where everyone gets
along together and this is projected to people when they visit the school offices.
A survey was done last year regarding the starting date of the school year. It was
pretty much agreed within the community, among the students, the staff and the
parents to have the school year start around the first part of August as opposed to
starting around the last part. Everyone had their own particular reasons for this, but
from the standpoint of school business, most of the educators felt it would be powerful
to end up the semester before the holiday break, having the SOL testing, etc. done
before returning in January. There will be a couple of considerationss to deal with
before implementing this program possibly in 2009.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board has enjoyed a good relationship with the Schoo! Board
and commented on having Ms. Susan Hogge, Legislative Assistant here on November
26" at 7:00 p.m. at the Community Center to meet with the Board of Supervisors and
if possible, the School Board. This program is not a short one but contains a lot of good
information regarding the budget process between the BOS and the School Board.
Mr. Carter commented on changing the start of the school year. In looking at the cost
analysis, it does not appear to be a lot of addition cost involved.
Mr. Craft asked when the children would get out of school. Dr. Boone answered the last
part of May.
Mr. Carter asked Stephanie, with the Times-Virginian, to please re-iterate the
accomplishments stated here tonight to the general public via the newspaper.
Ms. Martin wanted to thank the Board of Supervisor for the funds that have been given
back to the School Board and they too enjoy the good working relationship between the
two boards.
Dr. Boone discussed the situation with MRSA. This is something that the public usually
is very concerned about. A big part of what the school system is doing, what it
continues to do every day is try to answer questions from parents, and educating the
public about the facts available. The Health Department has been wonderful in working
with them. They have been dealing with this for about a month. At the present time,
they have three children infected - one (1) at the primary and two (2) at the high
school. They also have a “fogger” that is used to treat areas that may be suspect to this
virus. Football equipment, locker rooms, etc., are cleaned every day. But the best
prevention to this “bug” is good hygiene. THIS IS THE THING.