Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to proceed with receiving bids for
repairs to the County Administration building roof. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then informed the Board that an appointment was necessary to the Piedmont
Alcohol Safety Action Board and explained that Mike Scott had been recommended for
this appointment.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to ask Mike Scott if he
would be willing to serve on this Board.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several supplemental appropriation requests for Board
approval.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the following
supplemental appropriations:
$ 70.56 to 3102-1002
4074.56 to 3107 DMV Grant
35.00 to 7301-5411
31.00 from the Special Library Fund to 7301-5414
26548.32 from the Trigon Employee Health Care Fund
63.31 from the Law Library Fund
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a supplemental appropriation was necessary to pay Hurt
& Proffitt for services in relation to redevelopment and relocation of monitoring well #6
and Part “B” application for the new cell.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $7540.10 to 4204-
3002 to pay for engineering services. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Andy Carroll to give the report on the progress at the
landfill.
Mr. Carroll explained that the construction was well under way and seemed to be
proceeding very close to schedule. Mr. Carroll continued that due to this several pieces
of equipment were needed and the bids should be obtained as soon as possible. Mr.
Carroll asked for permission to seek bids for an articulated loader, a roll-off truck and
quick disconnect for the present loader.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to seek bids and purchase an
articulated loader; a roll-off truck and quick disconnect for the present loader. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.