520
there would be benefits to employees from this type of service. The Sheriff's Department and the
School System are already benefitting from counseling services.
Mr. Carroll presented figures on other line items pertinent to the budget. He also stated these
figures were basically bringing things in line with what has been spent the last couple of years.
At 7:00 P. M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board take a brief
recess. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. More, aye.
At 7:11 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Carroll continued with the proposed budget - Department by Department.
Mr. Carroll presented several alternatives for the School Budget.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the School Budget; the Average Daily Membership,
and the Federal and State Funds.
Mr. Perrow of the School Administration and Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Schools
explained some of this process to the Board.
Several Board Members were unclear as to what exactly was decided regarding the furniture and
furnishings for the new elementary school.
Mr. Carroll was asked to find the actual motion made regarding the Elementary School Project
regarding the furniture and furnishings.
Mr. Kendrick stated he felt the Board needed to take the information received tonight, study it
thoroughly and have another budget meeting with members of the School Board present to
answer any questions that may arise.
At 8:26 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
5 erry Zfentick, Chairman
At 5:30 P.M. on Monday, April 30, 2001 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Visioning Session at the Appomattox County Community Center. Also invited to participate
were: the Appomattox County Planning Commission, the Appomattox County Board of Zoning
Appeals, the Town of Appomattox, the Town of Pamplin and the Appomattox County Industrial
Development Authority.