601
purposes.
State Non-Arbitrage Program; Proceeds Agreement. The Board hereby determines that it is in
the best interests of the County to authorize and direct the County Treasurer to participate
in the State Non-Arbitrage Program in connection with the Bonds. The Chairman of the
Board, the County Administrator and such officer or officers of the County as either may
designate are hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver a Proceeds Agreement
with respect to the deposit and investment of proceeds of the Bonds by and among the
County, the other participants in the sale of the VPSA Bonds, the VPSA, the investment
manager and the depository, substantially in the form submitted to the Board at this meeting,
which form is hereby approved.
Continuing Disclosure Agreement. The Chairman of the Board, the County Administrator and
such officer or officers of the County as either may designate are hereby authorized and
directed to execute a Continuing Disclosure Agreement, as set forth in Appendix F to the
Bond Sale Agreement, setting forth the reports and notices to be filed by the County and
containing such covenants as may be necessary in order to show compliance with the
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15c2-12 and directed to make
all filings required by Section 3 of the Bond Sale Agreement should the County be
determined by the VPSA to be a MOP (as defined in the Continuing Disclosure Agreement).
Filing of Resolution. The appropriate officers or agents of the County are hereby authorized and
directed to cause a certified copy of this Resolution to be filed with the Circuit Court of the
County.
Further Actions. The members of the Board and all officers, employees and agents of the County
are hereby authorized to take such action as they or any one of them may consider necessary
or desirable in connection with the issuance and sale of the Bonds and any such action
previously taken is hereby ratified and confirmed.
Effective Date. This Resolution shall take effect immediately.
The undersigned Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox,
Virginia, hereby certifies that the foregoing constitutes a true and correct extract from the
minutes of a meeting of the Board of Supervisors held on September 17, 2001, and of the whole
thereof so far as applicable to the matters referred to in such extract. I hereby further certify that
such meeting was a regularly scheduled meeting and that, during the consideration of the
foregoing resolution, a quorum was present. Members present at the meeting were: Jerry G.
Kendrick, Samuel E. Carter, Jesse W. Hancock, Frank H. Carwile, and Russell H. Moore.
Members absent from the meeting were: _None_. Members voting in favor of the foregoing
resolution were: Mr. Kendrick, Mr. Carter, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Carwile, and Mr. Moore. Members