oI?
Mr. Carroll presented a printout of the revenue and the budget requests. This printout attempted
to give some detail regarding budget expenditures. He feels it is better than looking at a printed
sheet that indicates that something increased or decreased.
There is an estimate of Real Estate; Machinery & Tools; and Personal Property from Mr. Mays
This figure is actually what is plugged into the Revenue.
The Compensation Board provides the salary information, office and equipment and benefits
with regards to the Constitutional Officers. These are estimates, as the Compensation Board will
not finalize their budget until May. There may also be a position freeze.
The Sheriffs Department, the Clerk of the Court, and the Commonwealth Attorney are supposed
to be funded at 100%; whereas, the Treasurer and the Commissioner of Revenue are not funded
at 100% due to the fact that they have local duties.(approximately 60%). All benefits are paid by
the Compensation Board with the exception of health care premiums and a portion of the VRS
contribution.
The revenue from the ABC Wine tax and the rolling stock revenue are decreased by
approximately 12% due to the reduction granted by Gov. Gilmore.
There are two new line items for this year: 1608-0003 Emanual Tire Company for $22,000.
There may be related expenses for hiring the security personnel to keep the landfill open for the
hours beyond the landfill hours. Emanuel Tire reimburses us for this. Also, Transfer from E911-
we are transferring in $212,000 from the special tax fund to pay the expenses for this project.
There is a $35,000 line item in the Salary Study because of the review being done on positions
and salaries. This increase will depend on the outcome of the Salary Study and Market Value.
Additional funds to the Blue Cross figure are due to an estimated increase. This figures includes
payment for everyone including Constitutional Officers.
Workman’s Compensation has been reduced due to the historical claims levels.
Professional Services has been raised to $50,000. Part of which would be use to develop a Web-
site for Governmental Services at a cost of $5,000 - $10,000. Ideally this would give the public
access to minutes of various Boards and Committees; what is on certain Agendas, etc. thereby
bringing the people closer to the Government. They could also respond back to us through the
internet. This would also eliminate staff time spent in locating and transmitting requests under
the Freedom of Information Act.
Mr. Kendrick had some questions pertaining to this Web-site. Are we staffed well enough to
handle this increase in activity. Most everyone agrees this may be a good idea.
Mr. Carroll went into a discussion on the budget - Department by Department.
There is also an additional item of $750.00 for Employee/Employer Counseling in cases where