429
to protect and preserve these . Also how do we want development to occur? We need to have
control of these types of things.
In January five students from the University of Virginia will be working to catalog historic homes
within the Town of Appomattox, photographing them and indexing them. We will then have
something to look at and something anyone else can come in and look at. Some of these home and
buildings will be placed on the National Historic Register and/or State Historic Register. That will
give us further exposure, especially on the world wide web.
Mr. Carwile made the statement that if we do not have a qualified person to get this project rolling,
then maybe we need to find some one with the expertise to get started on what we really want to do.
We have been remiss in our thinking along these lines for too many years.
Mr. Spiggle proposed that at the December meeting we establish a joint committee to look at travel
and tourism, made up of two (2) members of the Board of Supervisors and Town Council, plus Andy
Carroll and David Garrett, or maybe one (1) Board Member, one (1) Town Council member, one (1)
citizen, one (1) Chamber of Commerce member (Andy Carroll) and one (1) Planning Commission
member to meet with Kathy Frazier
Mr. David Garrett gave an update on the Water & Sewer Project. The Town did not receive the grant
for the water & sewer study. We can apply again next year. This basically would have given us the
monies to do a study to look at the two water sources that we were interested in to see if they were
feasible? How much water we could get from of them? And to look at all the costs involved in this.
How do the two bodies wish to proceed on this project at this time? Do we want to wait until next
year and apply for the grant again or do we wish to allocate some monies in the near future to go
ahead with this study?
We had estimated that it would take no more than $20,000 to do a study to give us a comprehensive
look at the two (2) water reservoir properties and what it would cost to develop them.
Mr. Kendrick asked if a Water/Sewer Authority has ever been considered.
The Board of Supervisors at it’s next meeting will look into authorizing the Town Council to
proceed with RFP’s for the Water Study.
Mr. Stidham will work with Mr. Garrett to look into what grants may be out there for this type of
project.
Mr. Garrett then gave a brief update on the Sewer Treatment plant. There have been a few change
orders but overall they have not gone over budget and things are proceeding as planned. He
encouraged everyone that had not visited the site to do so.
Mr. Carroll discussed the E911 System. Everyone is aware that the state has mandated this system
be in place by July 1, 2003. Mr. Stidham is the point man for the County regarding this project and
will be coordinating a meeting on November 28", at the Appomattox Community Center. Both the