hehe)
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve all petitions as recommended by
the Planning Commission. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. Personnel Job Description and Pay Scale Development: Mr. Carroll is proposing that the
Board enter into a contract with DMG-Maximus to perform this job description and pay scale
classification for the County.
There was much discussion concerning the job description/pay scale development study. Originally
this was estimated to cost approximately $5,000. The cost is now projected to be $6,900
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to instruct Mr. Carroll to enter into a contract
with DMG-Maximus to do a job description/pay scale development for County Personnel at a cost
not to exceed $6,900. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Trans Dominion Express: The Trans Dominion Express has written asking the County to
once again contribute to its legislative support initiative. Last year we contributed $500.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to contribute $500 to the Trans Dominion
Express legislative support initiative. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Central Virginia Disability Services Board: Appomattox County needs to appoint a
representative from the local governmental board to serve on this committee.
There was some questions raised as to whether or not this appointee has to be a member of
the governmental board or if this should be a person with a physical disability.
Mr. Carter suggested that we table this item until the next meeting. The Board by consensus agreed
to Mr. Carter’s suggestion.
5. Administrative Update: Mr. Carroll reviewed each of these items with the Board.
8a. Investment of Load Proceeds: Each Board member was presented with a document from
Sun Trust. Mr. Carroll explained to the Board Members how the interest rate drop may effect
this loan. Sun Trust will provide the Board with a proposed investment portfolio for consideration.
However, due to the interest rate drop, this portfolio will not be prepared until a later date.
After a lengthy discussion, the Board by consensus, decided to let Mr. Carroll work with Davenport
& Company to make the decision on the investment of the proceeds.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisor Concerns. Hearing none, he called the Board’s attention
to the Consent Agenda (items 6 thru 15e, with the exception of 8a.):
6. Approval of Minutes: The Board approved the minutes of the Regular Meeting of October
2, 2000; the Public Hearing of October 16, 2000; the Regular Meeting of October 16, 2000; Meeting