29
David Edmondson, 2199 Rocks Church Road, Appomattox, VA: I am a teacher
at Cornerstone Christian Academy and my two (2) children as well will be attending
there. So I speak to you both as a staff member and a parent. I relocated my family
here a year ago to attend this school and be a member of the staff because I believe in
the individuals leading the center and teaching there. I agree with what everyone is
saying but not only are we talking about the immediate needs for this coming school
year, but also your decision will effect years to come. As people who are looking to
relocate in Central Virginia, one of the most important things they look for is their
choices of schools. Having the option of a Christian school in Appomattox County will
bring people here as opposed to relocating in Lynchburg. In supporting our school, I
am asking you to support both the petition for the Vera location and the building on
460. I believe that by allowing that to take place it will have a positive economic impact
on the County in the future as well.
Miss. Amy Edmondson, 2199 Rocks Church Road, Appomattox, VA: This past
year I was under the instruction of some wonderful teachers and they are helping to
found the Cornerstone Christian Academy this coming year. They are a wonderful group
of teachers. They fill the schoo! with an atmosphere of peace, unity and it was so good
to be able to study in this type atmosphere. It would mean a lot to me to be able to
continue learning with that group of people.
Ms. Virginia Quackenbush, 4034 River Ridge Road, Appomattox, VA: I want to
thank you for listening to all of us. My grand-daughter goes to a Christian school and
will be attending the Cornerstone Christian Academy next year. I just can’t say enough
good things about these people. They go above and beyond just teaching. They care
for every single child. It would blow you away if you could be a fly on the wall and
watch how they do. It is a good location on highway 460. I know for one there are
plenty of people who will be coming into the area and the first thing they want to know,
is what about the schools? What is wrong with having another Christian Academy in our
county? The communities of Concord, Evergreen and Pamplin should have a choice,
should they not? Senator Ruff recently quoted in the newspaper — “This School is
another tool in the academic tool box”. I hope you will approve the Vera use and the
460 property.
Pastor Jim Hughes, 239 Vera Lane, Appomattox, VA: I am the pastor of the Vera
Church of God. If you visit the Vera Church of God you will find it is a lovely facility. It
seats 200 people, adequate bathrooms, adequate classrooms and a beautiful playground
area, has a safe and convenient ingress and egress and I think the people of the Vera
Church of God would stand with me now saying we welcome Cornerstone Christian
Academy with open arms. We give them full support and we are also doing some small
things around the building which will make things even better for them. We are excited,
the community is excited and I think it is a perfect marriage and somewhere in my
Christian faith, I have always thought that is what a church is suppose to be. Somebody
who will open their arms and open their hearts to somebody like the Cornerstone
Christian Academy. They have my support, the church’s support and I ask you tonight
to please give us the temporary use permit for the Vera Church of God and let these
people continue training young minds in a world that just doesn’t care. God Bless you.