900
Mr.Kendrick questioned how often a reassessment is necessary.
Mr. Coalson answered that the Department of Taxation would be the best agency to ask for an
unbiased opinion.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr.Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Coalson.
Mr. Fred Godsey, Emergency Services Coordinator was asked to address the Board.
Mr. Godsey presented an overview of the Appomattox County Emergency Operations Plan. Mr.
Godsey noted there were several additions to the Plan: 7 annexes and 2 Hazard Specific appendixes,
which need to be adopted by the Board of Supervisors. This Emergency Operations Manual (Plan)
has to be updated annually and has to be approved by the Board every five (5) years. The Plan is
geared toward Appomattox County, what we can do and would do in some type of disaster or an
emergency situation.
Mr. Carter stated he would like to commend Mr. Godsey on his fine efforts.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Godsey.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the updated Appomattox County
Emergency Operations Plan as submitted by Mr. Godsey. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;, Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick called for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Kendrick stated that he had been approached by a member of the Historical Society regarding
the possibility of having a rodeo and what property would be available for use. Does anyone have
any suggestions?
Mr. Carter stated that the use of the Town Ball Park not be considered.
Mr. Carroll questioned how much acres would be needed for such an event and stated that maybe
the Community Park on Route 613 could be utilized.
Since there was still some time before the scheduled Public Hearing, the Board moved to the
Consent Agenda: (Items 7-17 of the Revised Agenda)
7. Approval of Minutes: Minutes of Regular Meeting on March 5, 2001; Budget Work Session
on March 10, 2001; Public hearing on March 19, 2001; and Regular Meeting on March 19, 2001.
8. Approval of Bills: Approval of bills for month of March 2001.
Administrative Items:
9. Stonewall Antique Power Show: The Stonewall Antique Power Association has applied
for a Musical or Entertainment Festival Permit to hold it’s annual antique show on May 19 & 20,