131
county’s match, as well as any in-kind services, or public donations made to the
project.
Recommendation: _ Staff recommends approval of grant application.
Mr. Craft stated he had attended the meeting last week and he personally met two
gentlemen who are giving free time to do this work. He really hopes this works. There
were not as many present at this meeting as he would like to have seen.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to approve the following resolution:
ENDORSEMENT RESOLUTION BY APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGNIA
FOR SUBMITTAL TO THE
VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FOR A
FY 2008-2009 TRANSPORTATION ENHANCEMENT GRANT
WHEREAS, Appomattox County recognizes the importance of highlighting the unique
cultural, historic, and natural resources of the community to insure the quality of life for its
residents now and in the future; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County, in partnership with the Town of Appomattox, The
Appomattox Court House National Historical Park, and citizen stakeholders developed and
approved The Appomattox Heritage and Recreational Trail Plan ~ A Vision of Connectivity as
guiding document create alternative transportation corridors in the community; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County approved The Region 2000 Greenway, Blueways, and
Trail Plan, a regional preservation, trail, and alternative transportation plan; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Economic Development Authority approved the use
of EDA property for the utilization of a trail to provide for safe transportation of pedestrian to the
Appomattox County Community Park; and
WHEREAS, in accordance with the Commonwealth Transportation Board construction
allocation procedures, it is necessary that a request by resolution be received from the local
government or state agency in order that Virginia Department of Transportation program an
enhancement project in the County of Appomattox;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, hereby requests the Commonwealth Transportation Board to establish a project for the
Appomattox Heritage Trail, a multi-use trail; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby
agrees to pay a minimum of 20 percent of the total cost of planning and design, right of way,
and construction of this project, and that, if Appomattox County subsequently elects to cancel
this project it hereby agrees to reimburse the Virginia Department of Transportation for the total
amount of costs expended by the Department through the date the Department is notified of
such cancellation.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr, Conrad. Aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr,
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
8. Vera Container Site: As you will remember at a previous meeting Landon
Bryant came before the Board and requested that the container site at Vera