342
Commission Meeting.
(b) CVAAA Board of Directors: This appointee has to be from the Board of
Supervisors. Some discussion and questions.
Mr. Carter volunteered to serve in this capacity.
(c) Library Board: The Library Board needs an appointment from the Wreck Island
District. Cliff Rhodenizer has been asked to serve in this capacity,
providing there is no conflict with the School Board.
Mr. Carroll was instructed to contact Mr. Rhodenizer as to this appointment.
Mr. Moore then explained there were several Supplemental Appropriations Requests:
a) The Sheriff is requesting a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $2,500 to pay
Deputy Harley Schaefer for his sick leave upon his retirement. This is in accordance with
the Board’s Policy.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $2,500 to the Sheriff’s
Department to cover accumulated sick leave for Harley Schaefer upon retirement. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning
Commission Meeting.
b) The Sheriff's Department is requesting an appropriation of $2,130.00 to cover a change order
related to the new addition. The Board has already approved this change.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $2,130.00 to the Sheriff's
Department to cover costs related to a change order on the new addition. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission
Meeting.
c) Mr. Carroll is requesting an appropriation of $5,126.01 to pay Craddock-Cunningham for
Architectural services involved in the Courthouse project.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $5,126.01 to pay Craddock-
Cunningham for Architectural services. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Meeting.
d) Mr. Brickhill is requesting an appropriation from the Law Library Fund in the amount of
$162.38 to cover: Lexis Publishing $63.88
West Group 98.50
TOTAL $162.38
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate $162.38 from the Law Library
Fund to cover cost of Legal Books.
Mr. Mays is requesting $571.00 to cover expenses for himself and one deputy to attend the LGOC
and Valeco Conference in Charlottesville in August.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve Mr. Mays’ request for himself and
one deputy to attend the Conferences in Charlottesville in August and cover expenses in the amount