665
expenditures have come to aclose until January. The main point is “what is best for the County” and
this is the feeling of each board member.
Mr. Hancock thinks “what is best for the County” should be done. Renovate or new. Ifrenovation is
for only about 15 years, then we should not renovate. If it is cheaper to build new, then build new.
Mr. Carwile stated that at the present time we do not know how the impending court action will end,
it is unknown. He is assuming that he has received the same information that everyone else has
received and he has put a lot of time into digesting this information. Based on this information, he
wants to go on the record as looking at the long range. He feels in order to bring the Courthouse into
compliance it will be more expensive to renovate than to build a new courthouse across the street.
This board needs to come together and make some concessions to see if we can put a halt to all of the
ongoing costs. He also feels that Judge Poston will make the right decision for the taxpayers.
Mr. Kendrick feels the same as the rest, what is best for the County. No one wanted this issue to go
into litigation. They were not defiant and did try to do everything within their means to please the
judges. He stated that regarding some recent newspaper articles he knew some had their feelings
hurt, but this was not the intention. He was not being critical of anyone in a financial position, he
was only trying to do several projects with the minimal amount of money. He is sorry if his remarks
hurt anyone, he was only trying to say that they had handled a lot of projects in a short time in
difficult financial situations. It is his desire for the judges to have a good and safe place to hold court
but it is also his desire that the children of the county have a healthy environment for learning. He is
willing to compromise within reason.
Hearing no other comments or concerns, Mr. Kendrick moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
(1-8)
1. Tobacco Grant: The Administrative Staff has proposed that the Board consider making
application for county targeted funds to perform a feasibility study on the creation of a
Workforce Development Center and evaluation of potential options for increasing
information technology infrastructure.
Mr. Carter feels we should secure all grants that are available and he is in favor of making this
application.
Mr. Carter then made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to proceed with the Tobacco Grant
application as written. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2 Erosion & Sediment Control Ordinance: The Board has received a proposed erosion and
sediment control ordinance which will amend the current ordinance to effect changes in
legislation and increased monitoring of local programs by state agencies, in particular the
Department of Conservation and Recreation. If the Board feels this proposed amendment is
satisfactory, a public hearing can be held on January 224, 2002.
Mr. Carter questioned why there are two (2) sets of plans and is page 10 a part of the ordinance.