038
Most sincerely,
Shirley C. Eye
xc: Ora McCoy (Presenter)
Mrs. McCoy began by saying that she had several issues of major concern to her that she
would like to express to the members of the Board. Mrs. McCoy continued that in this
community we had employed a Director of Youth Services to lead activities specifically
geared toward at risk young people. Mrs. McCoy stated that she felt that this position
was very important to the citizens of the County and encouraged the Board to seek
funding for this position. Mrs. McCoy also stated that she was concerned with building a
new elementary school instead of renovating the present building. Mrs. McCoy said in
closing that she had two suggestions for the Board, 1) remodel and add on to the present
elementary school and 2) reinstate the position of the Director of Youth Services and save
money by using preventive measures.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mrs. McCoy and called Mrs. Veronica Reed to appear before the
Board.
Mrs. Reed came forward and explained that she was a concerned parent and citizen of
Appomattox County. Mrs. Reed continued that some of the questions that she had on the
elementary school had been answered with the presentation. Mrs. Reed stated that she
feels the school should be renovated because “the school is a heritage for all of us”. Mrs.
Reed said that she felt air conditioning should not be the ultimate concern in making this
decision, education should be the major concern. Mrs. Reed expressed some of her
concerns with the proposed location for the new school. In closing Mrs. Reed said that
she did not want a new school.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Reed and called on Mrs. Nina Beasley to appear
before the Board.
Mrs. Beasley began by saying that she was speaking on behalf of many citizens and
property owners of Appomattox County. Mrs. Beasley presented petitions from
landowners opposed to the new school being built on Route 691. (Petitions on file in the
elementary school file folder). Mrs. Beasley explained that in her previous comments to
the Board she had stated that she had no objections to a new school that she was only
opposed to the location. Mrs. Beasley continued that since contacting people to sign her
petition she found that the majority of them were opposed to building a new school. Mrs.
Beasley stated that she felt the Board should listen to the people. Mrs. Beasley continued
that she urged the Board to strongly consider renovation. Mrs. Beasley felt that a new
school would only be a tax burden to the citizens of the County.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Beasley and called on Mrs. Rowena Robinson of
the Carver Price Alumni Association to appear before the Board.