079
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented information from Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department
that they have been unable to locate a buyer for the truck that they are replacing. Mr.
Bosiger explained that the fire department would like to keep the truck and convert it to
an equipment truck.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow the
Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department to keep the old engine and convert it to an
equipment truck. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Board was
requesting the use of the Courtland field, the parking lot at the Health Department and the
Courthouse Square for railroad festival weekend. Mr. Bosiger continued that the festival
board was also requesting a fireworks permit for Saturday night.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Historic Appomattox
Railroad Festival Board be granted the use of the Courtland field, the parking lot at the
Health Department and the Courthouse Square for railroad festival weekend with the
proper insurance. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that a fireworks permit be issued to
the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Board for October 9, 1999. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Mike Scott had agreed to serve on the Piedmont
Alcohol Safety Action Program Board.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appoint Mr. Mike Scott to the
Piedmont Alcohol Safety Action Program Board for a term to expire September 2002.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mecklenburg County Board of Supervisors was
requesting a resolution of support for tobacco farmers to provide economic assistance due
to their severe losses.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to pass the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the tobacco industry had played a proud role in the history of Appomattox
County, and remains vital to the economic well-being of Appomattox County,
WHEREAS, the tobacco industry is under assault on many fronts, as a result of which the
future for tobacco production in Appomattox County is seriously challenged;