316
“In closing I leave you with this thought. The deadliest sin on earth is silence. To some, silence
means approval, to others, that’s OK or that’s normal. Still to others silence means, I might as well
be quiet because of possible unpleasant ramifications.”
“Each time you are silent you are giving away your freedom to express disagreement with the status
quo. Silence is not always golden.”
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Rosser and called Mr. John Gascoyne.
Mr. Gascoyne came forward and stated he lived in the Piney Mountain District of Appomattox
County. “He and his wife are registered voters. We have lived here for 14 years and have raised five
(5) children. I agree with most everything Mr. Rosser has said. I have tried to think of what to say
to you gentlemen to convince you that you are crazy. I already pay about 20 different taxes which
are all visible, not counting the recent electric company tax. I would like the Board to understand
where I am coming from psychologically, I am scared to death and feel like I am fighting for my life.
Ihave lived many places and had many occupations. I am here because I wanted a change and this
place seemed to satisfy my needs. My wife would like to move because she can’t take this anymore.
Iam all for the will of the people. If the will of the people is that the taxes have to be increased then
Iam all for it. 1 don’t think the Board represents the will of the people. This is primarily because of
the voter district arrangement. Mr. Carter, you have been quoted as saying that you have a vision
about the industrial park. I don’t know if that represents what the constituency thinks about it, but
I do know that it has not been presented to the voters of Appomattox as an option to go for it or not
go for it. So I say, I think that your will is, I do not have a word for it, but it is nuts, it is crazy
because you are suppose to represent the people of the County. When we have a public hearing like
this, that is my next question, before I go any further with what I would like to say to you, I want to
ask you a question. I am a little confused and I need clearing on this matter. The paper says that you
all have approved one aspect of the budget that will bring in revenue, and that is real estate taxes.
If you have approved this, then why are we having this meeting? Does that mean that this cannot
be changed if any citizen or citizens say anything that impresses sufficiently enough to cause you to
change? Will you make a change if anyone says something here that causes you to feel a change is
needed? This is my question to you. Does silence mean No, that you will not make any changes.
If you have already made up your minds and are not going to make any changes, no one needs to be
here. I guess that is my answer.”
Mr. Moore next called Susan Book.
Mrs. Book came forward and stated her address as 110 Wildwood Road, Appomattox, Va.
“Tam the mother of three (3) teenage boys. I keep thinking that the only thing that is for sure is death
and taxes. I have been following everything that is going on in the County. The thing I want to talk
to you about is when I got my paper today, I started reading about a comment that was made that
over the years the citizens have benefitted by low taxes and now it is time to pay. I really don’t agree
with Mr. Moore’s comment. A lot of us here in the County and the community, and I love my
community, the schools, my neighbors and this is the place I want to be, a lot of us live from hand
to mouth, a lot of us are on Social Security and most of us are on a limited income. Most of us own
our own homes which we are very proud of and are landowners also. There are farmers here in the