326
A recessed meeting and work session of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox County School Board was held on May 18, 2000 at 6:00 p.m. in the School Board
Administration Building, Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia 24522.
(Board of Supervisors)
Present: Jerry G. Kendrick - Vice Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Jesse H. Hancock- Falling River District
Absent : Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
(School Board)
Present: Earl Pickett - Chairman - Appomattox River District
Robert Mitchell - Appomattox Courthouse District
Martha Pankey - Piney Mountain District
Cliff Rhodenizer - Wreck Island District
Lannis Selz - Falling River District
Also Present : Bob Moje - architect
Joyce Jamerson - Assistant Superintendent
Janice Marston - Principal- Appomattox Elementary School
Bobby Waddell - School Administration
Billy Perrow - School Administration
Vicky Phelps - County Administration
Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order at 6:00 p.m. and likewise Mr. Pickett called the school
board meeting to order.
Mr. Pickett then turned the meeting over to Mr. Bob Moje for an update on the schematic design
proposal for the new elementary school. Mr. Moje addressed questions on the plan for the sloped
roofs. He provided a copy of the roof design with virtually all of the buildings having sloped
roofs. Mr. Moje stated that the sloped roof would cost more and Mr. Phillip Jamerson would be
providing an estimate.
Mr. Moje stated that he had asked the site engineer and Mr. Jamerson to give a conceptual
estimate. They came up with a $102.00 per square foot for the building. The site preliminary
conceptual estimate was between $7 and $8 dollars per square foot, bringing the total estimate to
around $109.00 per square foot. Mr. Jamerson will be working on more comparisons of different
parts of the building, but the estimate of $105.00 per square foot is still a reasonable target.
Mr. Moje discussed the latest school construction data published by the State for schools
constructed in 1998-1999 with the reporting period ending July 1, 1999. Mr. Moje stated that the
maximum capacity of the school was 1,032 . To calculate the average square footage of the