664
Mr. Carter congratulated Mr. Jobe on this and stated he was very glad to see the update.
Mr. Hancock commented on the bad picture view on the Route 604 area.
Mr. Jobe stated the Route 727 area had been the worst they have had due to the amount of
underground cable. They have taken steps to solve this problem and now have less underground
cable than previously.
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding the “enhanced” wording and exactly what it meant, could
they take on phones with this system and questions regarding downtime.
No phone service had been planned at this time, but high speed digital internet access - broad band
will be available. Down time will be greatly reduced with the new improvements in place.
Internet charge will be $39.99 per month with modems being available for rent at a rate of $9.95 per
month or the customer could purchase a modem for approximately $99.00. They usually recommend
the purchase of the modem.
NESBE is presently contacting customers with premium choices regarding the installation of a
digital converter.
Mr. Kendrick thanked Mr. Jobe for appearing.
Mr. Kendrick presented Mr. Carwile and Mr. Moore with a plaque from the Virginia Association of
Counties for 10 years of service to the County of Appomattox as Supervisors.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisors Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated that he has had several negative responses from citizens regarding the new
Entrance Signs discussed at previous meetings and vote on accepting the staff recommendations for
the replacement of these signs at the last meeting.
Mr. Carwile would like the Board to rescind this vote and have this placed on the Agenda for another
meeting, as some citizens think these signs should have a more historic design.
A couple more Board members had received comments also and some felt a committee should have
been formed to look into this matter.
Mr. Carwile also would like to know how each Board member feels about the Courthouse situation
and if they would like to be open with the public and give justified reasons to why they feel as they
do regarding this issue.
Mr. Moore feels that he has already said what he felt and has made his thoughts known. He has not
changed his mind regarding this issue.
Mr. Carter is thinking in terms of what is best for the taxpayers. The board did not ask for this
litigation but we are in the middle of it. He believes we are on the right trail and that any further