144
Mr. Carter then informed the Board that he was presently working on the intersection
problem at Wendy’s.
Mr. Carter also stated that the Board would be receiving an invitation to the Fireman’s
Supper, which will be held on December 2, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. at the Frozen Food Locker.
Mr. Carter also asked the other members of the Board if they wished to have a social at
the County Administrator’s Office for the outgoing members of the Board and the newly
elected members of the Board?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson would
work out the details for a social.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger moved to the first administrative item, which was the
purchase of the property for the elementary school.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mrs. Ferguson needed direction as to the wishes of the Board
concerning the purchase of the site.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he had understood that the County would purchase all the
property that Courtland owned on Lee-Grant Avenue and Route 691 that adjoined the 63
acres more or less that was being purchased for the elementary school.
After discussion it was agreed by the members of the Board that what Mr. Bosiger had
stated was what the Board had intended.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that Mr. Lawson had been working on a contract for purchase of
this site and would like to talk with the Board in executive session concerning the details.
Mrs. Ferguson also explained that the Board would need to give the Chairman permission
to sign the contract with Courtland when it was finalized.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to give permission for the Chairman ,
to sign the contract with Courtland for the purchase of the elementary school site. Vote: }
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Governor was giving an additional 12 day for the
Thanksgiving holiday and stated that Mrs. Ferguson was requesting the same for County
employees. |
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to give /2 day on Wednesday prior
to Thanksgiving to County employees. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.