068
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Shawn Chambers an employee at the Library had
resigned. Mr. Bosiger continued that the other employees were concerned as to whether
they would still be on full-time when the Librarian was hired. Mrs. Rieder, Chairperson
for the Library Board, would like assurance from the Board of Supervisors that the two
individuals that are presently on full-time will retain their full-time status.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that the two employees that
are presently full-time at the Library would remain full-time when a Librarian is hired.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Library was seeking a grant for technology and that a
match was required from local funds if the grant is received. Mr. Bosiger stated that the
Library Board would like to know if the Board of Supervisors would match any grant that
may be received for technology.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to match the technology grant up to
$5,000.00 and to have the Library staff be sure that safeguards are in place on internet
usage for young people. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Department of Conservation and Recreation had
made their recommendation concerning the proposed Community Park. Mr. Bosiger
asked if the Board was ready for Mrs. Ferguson to schedule public hearings on this
matter?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson
schedule public hearings on the proposal for the Community Park.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the attention of the Board to a response from VHDA for
information that the Board had requested.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, except for Mr. Carwile who did not
participate in the discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to write a letter to Mrs. Linda
Bachman’s supervisor and request this information.
Mr. Bosiger next presented information from Cabell Insurance concerning employee
practices liability insurance coverage for the County.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was askadito contact Cabell Insurance for a cost for this
extended coverage.
Being no further administrative items Mr. Bosiger asked if any member of the Board had
other business.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he understood that there were some major changes to the Health
Departments regulations effective July 1, 1999 and would like for Mr. Gary Gilliam to
appear before the Board and give a brief explanation of these changes.