552
Jesse Hancock and Brandon Stidham attending the Planning Commission Meeting.
5. Craddock-Cunningham: Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partnership has submitted
a proposal for fees to perform certain add/alternates to the Courthouse renovation that fall
outside the original scope of Service.
A. Complete design and construction documents for Circuit Court Clerk space on Level
3 - as a renovation for the proposed unfinished space: Total Lump Sum: $25,000
($20,00 design/Documents, $5,000 C-A).
B. Complete design and construction documents for archived record rooms for J&DR,
General District; and Circuit Court Clerk’s Office: Total Lump Sum $10,000 ($8,000
Design/Documents, $2,000 C-A)
C. Removal of north wing and north entry vestibule of the Historic J ail building
(including demolition planning documents, facade design and elevation documents
of the refurbished exterior and mechanical/utility schematics, as required.) Total
Lump Sum: $2,000 ($1,600 Design/Documents, $400 C-A)
Mr. Carter questioned if this was in addition to the $2.6 million cap.
Mr. Kendrick stated this is above and beyond this cap. The $2.6 million is basically for the design
and construction of the Courthouse. The roughing in and utilities for the 3" floor for the Clerk’s
Office was not included in the original plan. What they are saying there is an additional $25,000
charge for the 3" floor design. In addition, the design for a fireproof records section for all three
courts will cost an additional $10,000 and removal of the wing on the Historical J ail will be another
$2,000.
All these fees are in addition to the original $2.6 million cap.
There was some discussion on the above mentioned proposals.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile not to accept the add/alternates proposal
presented by Craddock-Cunningham. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye
and Mr. Carwile, aye: Mr. Hancock was in Planning Commission.
Mr. Kendrick next presented the Consent Agenda for consideration.
CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 6-12)
6. Approval of Bills: Mr. Carter questioned the amount of postage spent.
7. Courthouse Project: Proposals from Hurt & Proffitt to do geotechnical work and asbestos
survey on the Courthouse Renovation. Both are necessary and are the County’s
responsibility.
8. Redistricting: The Agreement with Timmons for consulting work needs to be amended.
The additional scope of work was requested by the committee in order to fully evaluate
criteria reviewed by the Department of Justice. Additional cost of $905.00 for a total cost
of $4,145.00.