443
Mr. Carroll stated he understood the Board wished to meet in order to give more direction to theSchool Board.
Mr. Kendrick stated that as a result of the progress report from the School Board presented at the lastmeeting, it appears the intention is to bid the school as a 600 student school and bid the music roomand gymnasium as an alternate. It almost appears that if you do it that way, they have alreadyconceded that they could only build the 600 student school under the $9 million cap, and thenapproach the Board for additional funds to build the gymnasium and music room. As a result, hefeels it is time for the Board to be more specific about what we are asking for. The night weapproved this building, we capped it at $9 million for a 600 student school with a gym and musicroom because this was the most money we felt we could afford to spend. What we did not do at thatmeeting was to be as specific as we should have been, we simply asked for a 600 student schoolunder the $9 million cap. At this time Iam concerned that we will only get a 600 student school andthat is really not a good value for the money we will spend. It is time we specify what we are lookingfor at $9 million before it goes out for bids.
This may require us to rescind the motion that we had and have a new motion that would specifyat least a 600 student school with a gymnasium, if that is the feeling of the Board. I admit that Iamvery discouraged with what I have read. Do they have a design that will give us what we want at thecap of $9 million? How do we get there? Does anyone else have anything to discuss?
Mr. Carwile supports everything Mr. Kendrick has said. Going back to when the Board placed the$9 million cap, he won’t say he was erroneously mislead, but he accepted that it would be a 600student school with gymnasium and music room. Maybe he assumed that, but he did think that wasthe intent of the Board. From what he is reading and hearing now, it is time for this Board to act andif we need to rescind what has been put in place, then do it. He feels this is just a side tract to comeback to the Board for more funding at a later date.
Mr. Moore feels the Board assumed that we were getting what we were asking for until this updateand he agrees to rescind the original motion and issue a new one.
Mr. Hancock agrees. He feels that if we can’t get what we want for $9 million, then we shouldrenovate the current school.
Mr. Carter questions what we are proposing to do now. He doesn’t feel we were clear enough whenexpressing the want for a gym. After reading the article in the Times Virginian, Dr. Krug says wedid not interpret the letter correctly. Dr. Krug implies that there is some misinformation between thetwo Boards.
Mr. Kendrick still feels that there needs to be some clarification on the Board’s part. We do not wantthe project done in phases. We cannot continue to phase in projects with all the other projects thatare now in progress. He would like to put a motion on the floor to clarify the previous motion to capthe school project at $9 million with at least a 600 student school, with a music room and agymnasium.