2. Reimbursement of Application Fee: Mr. Tommy O’Brien submitted a
rezoning application and prior to any considerable amount of staff time being
expended he withdrew his application. He is requesting that his application fee
of $300.00 be reimbursed to him.
Staff recommends reimbursing Mr. O’Brien the $300.00 application fee.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to reimburse Mr, O’Brien $300.00 for
Rezoning Application Fee. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
3. Request for Musical Entertainment Festival Permit: § Ken and Bonnie
Swanson are requesting a permit to hold their annual musical event on
September 1, 2007. They have been holding these events for several years and
no complaints have been received. They are also requesting the bond fee be
waived.
Staff recommends approving the permit for Ken and Bonnie Swanson to hold a
music festival September 1, 2007 and waive the bond requirement.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Musical Entertainment
Festival Permit of Ken and Bonnie Swanson for an event to be held on September 2,
2007 and waive the bond fee requirement. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
4. Piedmont Court Services Unit Resolution: A resolution has been received
requesting the County to join with other localities in the area and have Piedmont
Court Services Unit in Farmville provide pretrial services for the Courts. Presently
VASAP out of Farmville, run by Robyn Allen, is providing this service and has
provided a letter addressing this matter.
Staff recommends considering this request.
Mr. Conrad stated that we seem to have two differences of opinions on this matter. It
appears that the Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court would like to use the services of
the Piedmont Court Services Unit to enable them to refer clients to the Anger Contro!
Program. Ms. Allen, on the other hand, would like to continue with the General District
Court without interference from the Piedmont Court Services. When we begin our
association with the Blue Ridge Jail Authority, we will no longer be using the services of
either of these programs.
Mr. Craft stated that he agrees with Mr. Conrad.
Mr. Carter does not see any reason to change programs at this time since VASAP has
been providing excellent services.