357
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only
such matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for action from the executive session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay Mr. Luther Glenn for the remainder of
his accumulated leave. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained the Board had several additional information items to consider.
1.) DEQ has released a list of landfill closure dates recommended to the General Assembly. The
Appomattox County landfill current trench is scheduled for closure in 2005.
2:) The County received a good report on it’s last landfill inspection.
3.) The Town/County Website current report.
4.) Rental Assistance Report for the month of June 2000.
Mr. Carroll presented additional supplemental appropriations from the School Board:
a) $5,346.50 from Trigon stock proceeds. This closes out this account.
b) $ 407.50 from the ACHS Athletic Fund for bill related to improvements.
c) $ 82,721.47 from the School Capital Improvement Fund.
d) $103,300 from the School Capital Improvement Fund to cover architectural services for
design on the new elementary school.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the appropriation of $103,300 for
architectural services. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the appropriations of $5,346.50
from Trigon stock proceeds; $407.50 from the ACHS Athletic Fund and $82,721.47 to the School
Capital Improvement Fund. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked to revisit the Supervisor’s Concerns. He is concerned about the number of calls
he is receiving regarding towers being placed in the County. Would like to have citizens input and
have the Board of Supervisors think about this matter.
At 8:20 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.