668
Regional Commission of Appomattox County’s participation in the Request for Proposal process
for regional reassessment services, but not committing to the use of the regional assessment at this
time. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
6. Zoning Amendment Change: Proposed changes in Zoning Ordinance Section 170-23 -
Two Dwellings on One Lot as a Permitted Use as proposed by the Planning Commission
and Public Hearing held on December 3, 2001.
Mr. Carter stated if he understands this correctly, this is something that has been talked about for a
long time and deals directly with the issues and concerns.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the proposed change to Section 170-
23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance - Two Dwellings on One Lot. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
7. Board Appointments:
a. Industrial Development Authority: Two members of the IDA terms will expire on
December 31, 2001. Mr. Bill Slagle is willing to serve another term if re-
appointed. However, Mr. Leon Turner does not wish to be re-appointed. The IDA
wishes to offer up Mr. Wayne Lewis for consideration and Mr. Bill Slagle for re-
appointment. Both of these are 4-year terms which will expire on December 31,
2005.
On a motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Hancock, Mr. Bill Slagle and Mr. Wayne Lewis
were appointed to the Industrial Development Authority for a four-year term to expire on
December 31, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
b. Planning Commission: This Commission needs an appointment from the Falling
River District.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Mr. Al Sears to the Planning
Commission as the representative from the Falling River District. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
c. Board of Equalization: Mr. Gary Tanner and the two alternates previously
recommended to serve on this Board will be unable to serve due to prior
commitments and/or scheduling conflicts. Therefore, a representative from the
Wreck Island District and an alternate need to be appointed.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Mr. John Fitch as the
representative from the Wreck Island District and Ms. Nina Beasley as an alternate to serve on the
Board of Equalization. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.