95
Coverage a retirement allowance equal to the amount of creditable service multiplied by 1.85
percent of average final compensation as provided in clause (ii) in subsection A (1) of §51.1-206
(the “1.85 Multiplier”); and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County Board of Supervisors desires to make this irrevocable election
and provide the 1.85 Multiplier to its employees that now have, or may in the future be given,
Section 138 Coverage;
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS
RESOLVED, that Appomattox County elects to establish the 1.85 Multiplier for all employees
who are now, or who may be in the future, provided Section 138 Coverage; and it is further
RESOLVED, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors agrees to pay the employer cost for
providing the 1.85 Multiplier to all employees who are now, or who may be in the future,
provided Section 138 Coverage, pursuant to this irrevocable election; and it is further
RESOLVED that Aileen T. Ferguson, Clerk, is authorized and directed in the name of
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to execute any required contract to carry out this
irrevocable election, and to do any other thing, or things, incident and necessary in the lawful
conclusion of this matter. The seal of Appomattox County Board of Supervisors shall be affixed
to any such contract and attested by the Clerk, and the Treasurer of Appomattox County is
authorized and directed to pay over to the Treasurer of Virginia from time to time such sums as
may be required to be paid by Appomattox County or its employees for this purpose.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust , aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Amendments to the Waste Separation Policy: T. J. Knight, Recycle
Coordinator for Appomattox County, is requesting your approval for proposed
changes to the waste separation policy for the County.
Recommendation: Staff recommends approving the proposed changes to the
Waste Separation Policy for the County.
Ms. Ferguson stated this was a part of the Recycling Program and we would be doing
more and more of this, once we go to the manned sites.
Mr. Conrad stated that with the emphasis being put on recycling these proposed
changes are a step in that direction.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the proposed changes to
the Waste Separation Policy.
WASTE SEPARATION REQUIREMENTS
Anyone, which includes citizens or businesses utilizing dump trucks or trailers, will be
required to dump their loads and separate the contents of the load and dispose of the
waste in the proper locations.
Waste will not be accepted for disposal that is not separated.