001
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on May
24, 1999 after the public forum, in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Earl Dickerson — Hurt and Proffitt
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 9:00 P.M. and called Sheriff Staples to appear
before the Board. Mr. Bosiger explained that the reason for meeting with Sheriff Staples
was to discuss the need for resource officers for the Middle and High Schools. Mr.
Bosiger then read portions of a letter received from Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Schools,
supporting Sheriff Staple’s request. Mr. Bosiger then asked Sheriff Staples to present his
request.
Sheriff Staples began by explaining that he had received two grant applications that could
provide resource officers for the schools for a short period of time. Sheriff Staples
continued that the time was running short to make a decision on this matter because a
school was scheduled for July 26 — 30, 1999 to train these officers in the specifics of
resource officers duties. Sheriff Staples continued that he was willing to apply for both
grants and accept the one that provided the most funding but he needed reassurance from
the Board that at the end of the grant period the Board would take over the funding for
these two positions.
A lengthy discussion followed with Sheriff Staples answering numerous questions of the
members of the Board.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to honor Sheriff
Staples’ request and allow him to apply for grants to place resource officers in the middle
and high schools. Also, the Board would provide local funding for these officers if the
grants are not approved or at the termination of the grants. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Sheriff Staples and explained that Mrs. Ferguson had
presented a question concerning the rental house that the County owns on Route 727.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the house would be vacant in approximately thirty days and