132
either be relocated or moved further back on the site. Ms. Rockefeller and Ms.
Ferguson inspected the container site on October 10, 2007, and a report will be
presented at the meeting on October 15, 2007.
Recommendation: Staff recommends receiving this report and making a
decision.
Ms. Ferguson presented each Board Member with a report on the Vera Container Site
containing the history of the site since being established in 1973. Also included in this
report was an estimated cost of $98,500.00 for moving the site approximately 500’ back
on the lot. This estimate does not include the cost of purchasing four (4) acres from the
Abbitt Family. In talking with Watkins Abbitt, he stated that he felt sure his sisters
would agree to sell four (4) acres of their property to the County. If the Board is
interested in relocating the Vera Container site, Ms. Ferguson will get back with Mr.
Abbitt to discuss a price for the land.
Also, this estimate does not include the $60,000.00 needed to upgrade the site to a
manned site in the near future.
Ms. Ferguson reported that after Mr. Bryant came by the office with his complaint, Mr.
Martin, the Animal Warden, went down and set traps. He has been on several occasions
since then. He will continue to monitor this site for signs of animals.
After some discussion, it was the thought of most of the board, that once we establish
the manned sites, this problem will be eliminated. Also Ms. Ferguson has asked the
Sheriff's Department to patro! this area on a regular basis which should also help with
the automobiles parking and the foud music.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to leave the Vera Container Site as
is. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
9. Zoning Petition for Kennon Auto Sales: Mr. Roark will provide the Planning
Commission recommendations at meeting.
Mr. Roark presented the Planning Commission recommendations. One thing has
changed since the last meeting. The entrance to this business has been changed from
Phoebe Pond Road to Route 460 as proposed by VDOT. There may be a secondary
entrance off Phoebe Pond Road. The Planning Commission is recommending that along
the Phoebe Pond Road side, for the entire length of the property, a 15’ buffer consisting
of large deciduous trees planted every 50‘ on center (12 trees). Trees are to be 5’ tall
at the time of planting, 2 inches in diameter with an addition of a mixture of four small
evergreen or deciduous shrubs be planted around each tree (about 48). Shrubs will
have to be a minimal size of 3 gallon plants (about 18 inches tall). The Planning
Commission stayed with the condition of either surface treating or asphalting of the
parking areas within one (1) year. They felt one (1) year was a fair give and take time
for them to get things done. The Planning Commission also changed the elevation of
the lot and added a condition that average elevation of the lot not be altered plus or