483
Elementary School Site. The School Board has done the leg work on this sale. However,
since the property is still owned by the County, Mr. Carroll is requesting permission to
execute the timber contract, of Jack L. Ramsey, on behalf of the County.
Ona motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile the Board voted to adopt the Timber Harvesting
Contract and give Mr. Carroll the authority to execute this contract on the County’s behalf. VOTE:
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
5. Administrative Update:
Mr. Carroll addressed the items on the Administrative Update and asked if anyone had any
questions regarding this report.
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding the Porter House Road situation. Mr. Carroll will contact
the County Attorney regarding this matter.
6. Board of Building Code Appeals:
This item was held over from the last meeting. According to the Virginia Uniform statewide
Building Code (BBCA) we need to appoint at least five (5) members to this Board to resolve
disagreements between the Building Official and Contractors (Citizens) regarding Building
and Fire Codes, etc.
By consensus the Board agreed the BBCA will consist of five (5) members with three (3) making
a quorum. The Board will review and make appointments at the next meeting.
Ts Road Naming Committee Appointments:
The Board needs to appoint someone to the Road Naming Committee for the Wreck Island
District to replace Mr. Jerry Harvey who has resigned.
Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Harvey, along with two (2) members that he, Mr. Harvey, had selected
have resigned from this Committee. Mr. Carwile has recommended Ms. Laura Kryeski as a
replacement on this Committee. Ms. Kryeski has agreed to serve in this capacity.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint Ms. Laura Kryeski to the Road
Naming Committee. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
8. Central Virginia Community Services Board:
Mr. Lynn Doss’ term on the Central Virginia Community Services Board has expired. Mr.
Doss is eligible for reappointment and is willing to serve another term. If appointed, Mr.
Doss’ term will begin January 1, 2001 and end December 31, 2003.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Lynn Doss to another term on
the Central Virginia Community Services Board running from January 1, 2001 to December 31,
2003. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.