205
the information provided in the Board book stated that the train route would come from Bristol to
Lynchburg and from Lynchburg passengers could continue on to either Washington D.C. or to
Richmond.
After some discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the following
resolution be passed:
WHEREAS, the feasibility of expanded passenger rail service from the Washington D.C. and
Richmond, Virginia areas to Bristol, Virginia, has been studied and documented by the Virginia
Department of Rail and Public Transportation; and,
WHEREAS, local and statewide support is being established for the purposed Bristol Passenger
Rail Service, or TransDominion Express; and,
WHEREAS, the VDRPT study did not identify or recommend the location of a passenger station
in Nelson County to be served by the TransDominion Express; and,
WHEREAS, the passenger station located at the historic Oak Ridge Estate, is an ideal location
for inclusion as a destination stop of the TransDominion Express; and,
WHEREAS, service to Nelson County via the historic Oak Ridge Train Station could lead to
economic, tourism, environmental and other social benefits for Nelson County and its citizens;
and,
WHEREAS, on February 7, 2000 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution in support of the proposed expanded passenger rail service project; and,
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the importance and is
unanimously supportive of the establishment of the historic Oak Ridge Train Station as a
destination stop of the TransDominion Express;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby affirms their complete support for the inclusion of the historic Oak Ridge Train Station as
a destination stop of the proposed Bristol Passenger Rail Service project, or TransDominion
Express;
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby
encourages and requests the implementation of the Bristol Passenger Rail Service project by the
Commonwealth of Virginia, including the designation of the historic Oak Ridge Train Station as
a depot for the rail passenger service.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that Ms. Ferguson had received a price of $800 from the Times-Virginian
Newspaper to run a full copy of the Intensive Livestock Ordinance in the newspaper and the
EXTRA section of the paper. Mr. Moore stated that Ms. Ferguson felt that the County could not
do this any cheaper. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock that the Board spend