646
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Hancock, Ms. Anne Hunter and Ms. Laura Krajewski
were selected to serve as alternates on the Board of Equalization. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3: Landfill Collection Policy: In the past we have not had any formal guidelines for collection
of fees owed to the County for landfill use and the proposed policy should alleviate some
problems that are currently being experienced. Approval for the purchase of new
software/hardware to better implement this policy is also being requested.
Costs for this program will be approximately $10,000 and we are currently owed past due
fees of over $17,000.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore in support of this policy
and the purchase of software/hardware as proposed. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Joint Meeting with the Town of Appomattox: The two governing bodies had suggested that
they hold another joint meeting in November or December. Need some possible meeting
dates from the Board.
Mr Kendrick would like to know the purpose of this meeting and would like a formal proposal from
the Town regarding the issues to determine if a meeting is actually necessary.
5: School Board Request: At it’s November 15th meeting, the School Board made a motion to
form a special committee to discuss the future of the current elementary school with the
Supervisors, if the Supervisors were willing to do the same. The School Board has also
reserved Monday, November 26" at 6:00 P.M. to meet with the board concerning health
insurance.
After a lengthy discussion it was the decision of the Board to meet with the School Board on
November 26" to discuss health insurance, with the majority of the Board Members feeling that all
the employees should be treated equally.
It was the consensus of the Board to add the Elementary School Committee to the agenda for
discussion on the 26".
6. Modified Resolution: At its last meeting the Board requested that the March 19", 2001
resolution on receiving comment regarding past Public Hearings be modified.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approved the Modified Resolution as
presented. Amended portion is underlined.
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors are interested in receiving comments from the public
regarding decisions that are being made and /or considered regarding various issues of importance to the
County, and