74
There are certainly ways a community can benefit from having more broadband today.
The service they intend to offer is the brand name Bridgemax and their prices will be
from under $30.00 for two (2) megabytes per second. His understanding is that it is
significantly cheaper than some options that are around. It is also significantly faster
than dial up. One of the interesting things about this service is that it is portable. Most
of their subscribers in town will get a devise (modem) that is plugged into a wall power
outlet and also into the back of the computer. You will be surfing the internet right
away. You can use this at home or take it with you to the office, you do not have to
have another broadband option. This modem can be used anywhere in the same
coverage area. Some areas on the edge of the coverage area will have a device
attached to the outside of their house, but this one cannot be moved around. He
explained the different areas that they will be able to cover. They need this new tower
to link to the NBC fiber ring. The NBC fiber ring is like an information super highway,
but unless we can connect to that highway, we cannot provide the broadband access for
all our customers. Over 1,000 homes and 350 businesses should be eligible to sign up
for their services. They are looking for permission to continue through the zoning
tonight and be able launch as soon as possible, hopefully by October.
There was a brief question and answer period for Mr. Reid.
Bill Slagle, 519 Breezy Hill Road, Spout Spring, VA: He would like to remind
everyone about what happened on or about September 5” two years ago, when then
Gov. Warner was here, his words were that the Tobacco Commission had funded all
these connections in southside Virginia. His comment was that we would not continue
to be at a continued disadvantage with the more metropolitan areas. This is what is
called the last mile of putting broadband into the community. The schools have
expressed a great deal of interest in this, existing businesses and future businesses as
well. He encourages the Board to approve this request.
Bobby Wingfield, 2498 Old Evergreen Road, Evergreen, Va: He feels that this
will enhance the quality of life in our community as a whole. He has been assured by
Mr. Dariso that as an employee of County Public Safety that we will have space available
on this tower and more importantly, space in their shelf and the space in their shelf is
more important than that on the tower. It will be a tremendous savings to the County.
Also if we were to be unable to transmit on the one tower we have now, we would be
able to communicate with our law enforcement on the new tower.
Fred Underwood, 335 Tower Hill Road, Appomattox, VA: He would like to state
that it is a “crying shame” that we have had this thing here for two (2) years and no
way to get to it. It is “high time we got on with it”.
Walter Krug, 2278 Southfork Road, Appomattox, VA: He is in support of this
petition. This is a very exciting time in Appomattox. Mr. Conrad has talked about the
increase in tourism and this is a natural adjunct to that. Once we get this available to
people, they will see how valuable it is, both to citizens in the community as well as the
businesses and the governmental officials. Having labored under dial-up service for
several years, the opportunity to have faster internet connections will have a vast impact
on many people, students who want to do work at home, parents who want to do