360
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 6:57 p.m. the Board recessed to the Public Hearing.
At 7:32 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors Meeting with Mr. Jesse Hancock
being in the Planning Commission Meeting.
Mr. Moore stated that when the Board recessed to the Public Hearing, Supervisor Concerns were
being heard. Does any one have any thing else to discuss?
Mr. Carter suggested that the Cable provider be contacted and asked to meet with the Board to
present an update on services. He has had several complaints over the last couple of weeks regarding
poor service. The last report, according to his records was in 1999 whereas they were going to
institute a fiber optics line starting January, thereby giving the viewers in Appomattox County better
reception and more channels. Right now their service has gone down. We need an updated report.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to contact the Cable provided and have them
make a report to the Board on their present services. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission session.
Mr. Kendrick is concerned with cellular towers. Is everyone or anyone wishing to operate a cellular
phone company going to be allowed to place a tower in the County, or are we going to limit one
tower for every three (3) miles along the Route 460 corridor, possibly Route 24 and other places or
are we going to have cellular towers going up everywhere. Mr. Kendrick would like the County
Administrator’s office to research this and give a report. He would like to put together a plan for the
development of these towers within the County, maybe the planner could pull this information
together.
Mr. Carwile echoed Mr. Kendrick’s concerns. There is no tax base from these towers. The
landowner is leasing this land but the County is not receiving any tax base.
Mr. Carroll asked the Board for a time frame to get this information back to the Board.
The Board next addressed Administrative Items:
1.) Does the Board wish to amend Section 147-13.C.2 of the County Code to increase the
maximum annual exception on any one (1) property from $200 to $350? Public Hearing held
on July 10" without comments.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to amend County Code Section 147-13.C.2 to
increase maximum annual exception on any one (1) property from $200 to $350 for the elderly and
disabled. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye
Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Session.
2.) Building and Housing Fee Schedules: Amend Code Section 51.3 as presented in Public
Hearing on July 10, 2000.