616
The COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA (the “County”), for value received, hereby
acknowledges itself indebted and promises to pay to the VIRGINIA PUBLIC SCHOOL
AUTHORITY the principal amount of [ONE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS ($1,850,000)], in annual installments in the amounts set forth on Schedule I attached hereto
payable on July 15, 2002 and annually on July 15 thereafter to and including July 15, 2021 (each a
“Principal Payment Date”), together with interest from the date of this Bond on the unpaid installments,
payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on July 15, 2002 (each an
“Interest Payment Date”; together with any Principal Payment Date, a “Payment Date”), at the rates per
annum set forth on Schedule I attached hereto, subject to prepayment or redemption as hereinafter
provided. Both principal of and interest on this Bond are payable in lawful money of the United States
of America.
Foras longas the Virginia Public School Authority is the registered owner of this Bond, SunTrust
Bank, Richmond, Virginia, as bond registrar (the “Bond Registrar’’), shall make all payments of principal,
premium, if any, and interest on this Bond, without the presentation or surrender hereof, to the Virginia
Public School Authority, in immediately available funds at or before 11:00 am. on the applicable
Payment Date or date fixed for prepayment or redemption. If a Payment Date or date fixed for
prepayment or redemption is not a business day for banks in the Commonwealth of Virginia or for the
Commonwealth of Virginia, then the payment ofprincipal, premium, if any, or interest on this Bond shall
be made in immediately available funds at or before 11:00 a.m. on the business day next preceding the
scheduled Payment Date or date fixed for prepayment or redemption. Upon receipt by the registered
owner of this Bond of said payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, written acknowledgment
of the receipt thereof shall be given promptly to the Bond Registrar, and the County shall be fully
discharged of its obligation on this Bond to the extent of the payment so made. Upon final payment, this
Bond shall be surrendered to the Bond Registrar for cancellation.
The full faith and credit of the County are irrevocably pledged for the payment of the principal
of and the premium, if any, and interest on this Bond. The resolution adopted by the Board of
Supervisors authorizing the issuance of the Bonds provides, and Section 15.2-2624, Code of Virginia
1950, as amended, requires, that there shall be levied and collected an annual tax upon all taxable property
in the County subject to local taxation sufficient to provide for the payment of the principal, premium,
if any, and interest on this Bond as the same shall become due which tax shall be without limitation as
to rate or amount and shall be in addition to all other taxes authorized to be levied in the County to the
extent other funds of the County are not lawfully available and appropriated for such purpose.
This Bond is duly authorized and issued in compliance with and pursuant to the Constitution and