580
Mr. Kendrick opened a discussion regarding the naming of Route 616 (Old Grist Mill Road). After
reiterating several reasons for changing this road name, Mr. Kendrick made a motion to amend Mr.
Carwile’s motion of July 16" to accept all the primary names as submitted, to omit Route 616 and
have the road name sent back to the nominating committee for re-consideration. This motion is being
made in order to keep the spirit of public hearings and take care of any preconceived notions.
The motion died due to the lack of a second.
At 6:35 p.m. Mayor Spiggle called the Appomattox Town Council to order and dispensed with the
invocation.
Mayor Spiggle stated the purpose of the meeting was to discuss three items of concern to both the
Town Council and the Board of Supervisors.
1. Travel and Tourism:
Mr. Rich Guild presented the Joint Committee on Tourism Recommended Tourism Proposal for the
Town and County of Appomattox, Virginia. - Developed Spring - Summer, 2001. Committee
consisted of: Jerry Kendrick, Board of Supervisors; Rich Guild, Chamber of Commerce; Joyce
Bennett - Town Council; John Wilson, downtown businesses and Paul Coviello- the public.
Mr. Guild proceeded to go over the highlights of this proposal.
1, The population of Appomattox County before the Civil War was approximately
10,000, today it is some what over 13,000. We are not growing much. The problem
is the cost of services is increasing much, much faster than our tax base. We have
acritical need to increase revenue that we bring in. Tourism is the easiest and fastest
way to increase revenue.
2. We are not getting our share of tourist money. Other surrounding counties have
professional tourism people working for them.
The National Park Services does not bring in tourism, their purpose is to preserve and
protect the surround grounds.
3. Town/County/Private or civic organizations need to combine forces and join together
efforts to attract tourists. This proposal recommends that all our efforts be
coordinated thru the Chamber of Commerce, with a three year contract. (Each
having a separate contract with the Chamber).
4. Chamber will hire a professional director of tourism. We need someone that is
trained in tourism marketing. You can’t put pressure on volunteers to get a job done.
5: Formation of a tourism advisory council to monitor activities and measure
benchmarks. This will require a three (3) year commitment from both the Town and
the County. After the third year we should break even and begin to see things climb.
6. Asking for $40,000 from the town and $50,000 from the County, each year for the
next three years.
Mr. Guild asked for questions from those present.