080
WHEREAS, in the last two years the reductions in flue tobacco allotment quotas have
totaled approximately thirty-four percent (34%);
WHEREAS, under “Master Settlement Agreement” negotiated with tobacco companies,
the Commonwealth of Virginia will receive approximately TWO BILLION AND
NO/100 $2,000,000,000.00 DOLLARS;
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors feels strongly that the
settlement funds received by the Commonwealth of Virginia should be utilized, to any
extent necessary, to mitigate the adverse impact upon tobacco growers caused by the
many adverse factors which now threaten the future of all tobacco growers in the
Commonwealth;
IT IS, ACCORDINGLY, HEREBY RESOLVED: That the Governor and the General
Assembly are urged to allocate a significant portion of the funds received by the
Commonwealth of Virginia under the Master Settlement Agreement for the benefit of
tobacco growers in the Commonwealth.
FURTHER RESOLVED: That the funds so allocated should be paid over to the A.L.
Philpott Commission, with a specified directive that the Commission expend such money
in an equitable manner for the benefit of all tobacco growers in the Commonwealth of
Virginia generally, to expressly include those within Appomattox County, Virginia.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger presented estimates for repairs to the house located on Route 727 that the
County owns.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to proceed with repairs to the house
located on Route 727 at a cost of $6,475.00 and appropriate the same. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several supplemental appropriation requests for approval.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $14,100.77 to pay
engineering fees for Part “A” application for the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $200.00 to the Dare
Program for a donation received. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented bills for the elementary school feasibility study.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was asked to get a
breakdown of the charges from Hurt & Proffitt for the school feasibility study.
|a