243
Hancock stated that he even had some telephone calls telling his that he was following some one
else on the Board. Mr. Hancock stated that he could make his own mind up, he did not have to
follow anyone. Mr. Hancock stated that his feeling tonight that he felt what was best for the
money was a new courthouse. Mr. Hancock stated in closing that he supported a new
courthouse.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had asked for a rebuttal just briefly, and not that he was trying to put
Mr. Moore back on it, but he referred Mr. Moore back to Hal Craddocks points, renovation-three
different security points. Mr. Carwile then referred Mr. Moore to the new construction pro’s
from Hal Craddock, new construction security one check point.
Mr. Moore called for other discussion.
Mr. Carwile began that this would require a little detail since there is in place a motion existing
from the past Board. Mr. Carwile continued that his motion tonight was to rescind the motion in
place by the previous Board to renovate the existing Appomattox Courthouse on Court Street and
replace it with a new motion to build a new courthouse to accommodate all three courts on
Courtland field, as known, on County owned land facing Court Street between the School Board
Office building and Highland Street with approximately 26,120 square feet at a cost of estimated
grand total of three million nine hundred and eighty three thousand and thirty-nine cents. Mr.
Carwile stated that this is the figure quoted by Hal and that was his motion that he has put before
the Board.
Mr. Moore called for a second.
Mr. Kendrick seconded the motion.
Mr. Moore called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Carwile, yes; Mr. Hancock, yes; and Mr. Kendrick,
yes.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and stated that he felt like with this in place that the Honorable
Judges that have been so patient with the Board the Board should move out and notify Hal to
begin the plans to keep in pace with the Judges.
Mr. Moore called for other statements.
Mr. Carter addressed the Chair and requested a three minute break.
At 7:43 P.M. Mr. Moore recessed the meeting for a short break.
At 7:55 p.m. Mr. Moore called the meeting back to order.
Mr. Carter addressed the Chair and asked, that prior to moving on to the next item, if we now