475
Hearing no other Supervisors Concerns Mr. Kendrick called for a recess to the Public Hearing at
7:05 P.M.
Planning Commission did not have a quorum present, therefore, Mr. Kendrick re-opened the Board
of Supervisors meeting.
1. Regional Industrial Park: At a previous meeting Mrs. Bennett made a presentation and
presented the members with a prospectus of the Little Otter Regional Industrial Park and has
asked that localities make a determination regarding their participation in the project before
February 28".
After some discussion, the Board decided not to participate in this project, as we have
already created an Industrial Development Authority and started our own industrial park.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to not participate in the Regional Industrial Park
project. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick stated the Planning Commission now had a quorum and he recessed the Board
Meeting and opened the Public Hearing.
At 7:16 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reconvened the Board Meeting with all present except Mr. Hancock who
was in the Planning Commission meeting.
2. Resolution Amending Strategic Plan: Region 2000 Regional Commission is asking the
Board to adopt a Resolution that will allow them to change the Region 2000 Regional
Commission Strategic Plan. This is necessary for them to develop joint projects through the
auspices of the Commission.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Carter the Board voted to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION IN SUPPORT OF AMENDING THE 1997-2002 REGION 2000 REGIONAL
COMMISSION STRATEGIC PLAN
WHEREAS, The Central Virginia Planning District Commission (CVPDC) Strategic Plan (1997-
2002) provided strategies and projects the commission would pursue in the enhancement of the
quality of life in Region 2000: and,
WHEREAS, The CVPDC has been reorganized and renamed the Region 2000 Regional
Commission; and,
WHEREAS, The selection of services offered by the now Commission to localities will be
broadened to include project development, project management, and the provision of various
financial/administration support services; and,