633
Mr. Kendrick called Mr. Ray Wingfield to come forward to discuss the Biosolids issue.
Mr. Wingfield began by handing out written recommendations from the Concerned Citizens of VA’s
Heartland Organization.
Mr. Wingfield read a portion of the Supreme Court opinion to Amelia County this past year and a
summary of HB2827 which allows localities to adopt ordinances that give the County the right to
monitor sludge applications.
The Concerned Citizens of Virginia’s Heartland Organization recommends:
1. The employment of a part-time or full-time biosolids inspector to make sure regulations
are not abused or violated,
2. Testing - A chemical test should be done before any sludge is dumped in Appomattox
County. According to EarthCare, a contractor, the estimate c ost is $855 per event and takes
approximately 5 days. This testing is for heavy metals. Copper should be added to the list. This
testing is done from the railroad site. The cost of this testing should be the responsibility of the
transporter, not the County. Mr. Wingfield also read a letter from Dr. Evanylo of VA Tech.
Several Board members had questions for Mr. Wingfield.
Mr. Carter wanted to know if any county charges the landowner/operator a permit fee.
Spotsylvania County still goes by the Right to Farm Act. They are being sued by Recyce. And
Loudoun County has a simple but strict ordinance.
Mr. Wingfield stated that he felt a real strict ordinance may work. H e reads the setbacks as
minimums and the Planning Commission didn’t add to it, but the Court states that we can enlarge
upon this.
Mr. Moore asked about soil injection. How is this done around here?
Mr. Wingfield replied that Dr. Evanylo describes how it can be done. Liquid biosolids can be
injected below the soil surface using tractor drawn tank wagons with injection shanks and tank trucks
fitted with flotation tires and injection shanks. Both types of equipment minimize odor problems and
reduce ammonia by immediately mixing the soil and the biosolids. Injection can be used before
planting or following harvesting crops, but is likely to be unacceptable for forage or sod crops. (i.e.
hay).
Mr. Kendrick asked is any County has made that a part of their ordinance. Mr. Wingfield stated
none that he has knowledge of but Watkins Abbitt stated this can be done.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt this method would help us protect our waterways, namely the Chesapeake
Bay and water supply.