Mr. Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the recessed meeting to order.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Kendrick for the results of a meeting he had on Wednesday, April 18" with
Mr. Monte Mays, Commissioner of Revenue, and County Administrator, Ms. Ferguson, regarding
the interviews with the firms who had submitted proposals for the Appomattox County Re-
Assessment FY2002. Received bids from three firms:
Wampler-Eanes Appraisal Group, Ltd. - $118,170
Tri County Appraisals, Inc. - $120,684
Pearson’s Appraisal Service, Inc. - $129,500.
Mr. Kendrick report that after interviewing the bidders, the firm of Tri County Appraisals was
selected primarily because they seemed to have an extensive knowledge of how to do the assessment
and their time frame met ours. We inquired about computerized assessments mainly to get an
understanding of what that was and what kind of costs were associated. He seemed to be very
knowledgeable about this, although he did not recommend it. He was good at putting a person at
ease, which I think is an important characteristic since he will have to meet with the Board of
Assessors, etc., and with the public, once they make the assessment, as the inquiries come in about
each and every landowners value on real estate. We selected him primarily, not because of low cost,
but because we felt this firm was really the best of the three firms. Tri County upon request from
Mrs. Ferguson adjusted their initial bid. If the County requires a performance bond, the cost will be
$5,000 more. Some of the counties in Virginia do not require a performance bond, with no bond,
the cost will be approximately $12.00 per parcel.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Board hire Tri County Appraisals
as the assessors for the County Reassessment for FY2002. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter. Aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile to recess until Tuesday, April 25" at 6:00
P.M. for a budget work session. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwi e; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman