063
Mr. Bosiger explained that a motion had been made that determining the fate of
renovation versus new construction be put on referendum. Mr. Bosiger called for a
second to the motion.
Mr. Bosiger again called for a second to the motion.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger declared that the motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Bosiger called for other discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt time was needed to review the additional information that
had been provided but he saw no reason why the Board could not be prepared to vote by
the second meeting in September.
Mr. Bosiger stated that from the information he had received from the architect that
seemed to be within a proper time frame.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Board of Supervisors vote
on the issue of new construction or renovation and addition of the elementary school at
the second meeting in September 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if the Board needed to hire another architect to review this project?
The general consensus was no.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for the Board to meet in a
work session with the School Board, the architect and the engineer and for each member
of the Board of Supervisors to invite one citizen to participate in the work session. The
date for the work session was set for August 10, 1999 and the purpose of the work
session was to receive input concerning renovating and adding on to the present
elementary school.
Mr. Carter then made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to extend the option on the
Bryant site for 149 days until after the regular meeting on September 20, 1999. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Boards attention to Administrative Items.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the Memorial United Methodist Church had requested the use
of the Courtland field on September 26, 1999 as an overflow parking area.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Memorial United Methodist
Church the use of the Courtland field on September 26, 1999 for additional parking.