591
Wingfield stated he had spoken to several individuals who stated that by adding Orange oil to the
sludge in lagoons, allowing it to sit for one year, it became odorless. Mr. Wingfield has also spoken
to an attorney who told him that landowners can file suits under the nuisance act. Our County
Attorney and Supervisors should make landowners aware of the fact that they could get sued under
the nuisance act.
Mr. Stidham next called Mr. Steve McMahon with Synagro, a sludge contractor.
Mr. McMahon stated that they have spoken with several farmers in the county and have five (5)
permits pending for biosolids spread. They have been doing business in Virginia since the late 70's
and they are working with 28-29 counties. States can elect not to have EPA regulate this practice.
Virginia regulates with a permit process through the Virginia Department of Health and has a very
stringent program. House Bill 2827 was passed to allow local oversight of the state program with
funding elements to be added as early as 2003.
Mr. McMahon stated he felt the Draft Ordinance was very fair and commended the Planning
Commission on doing such a good job. Since he has only had a copy of this for a few days, he would
like to reserve the right to file written comments.
There were a few issues he would like to comment on at this time:
95-5 - Contractor Pledge:
A. 28 day requirement prior to submitting application to VDH - would like to have this
stricken.
B.5 Posting requirements: The way it currently reads you post the sign at the time you
submit the Contractor Pledge. Was this an error? The signage issue intent is to be put
up prior to application.
95.7 - Signage:
Information on sign is reasonable.
A. The size of the sign is too large and ask that this be reduced.
Within 25 feet of entranceway to property and within 25 feet of the state right-of-way
causes some concern with easement and access to property. Suggest this be changed
to read as close to road way as possible and visible from roadway at the application
site.
95.9 - Training Requirements for Landowner:
Does not feel this is necessary. Landowner consent form should specify, Farmer to undergo
training, not landowner.
95.11 - Storage and holding: Current regulations have specifications regarding storage. They are
currently changing their regulations to reference short term storage or inclement weather
storage. Suggests this section be changed.
Public nuisance concerns are regulated by State.