495
Mr. Kendrick next reminded the Board Members of the Informational Items: Town Council Agenda
for March 12, 2001 and the Appomattox Website updated report.
At 6:45 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board called for a recess
until after the Public Hearing. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:26 P.M. Mr. Kendrick reopened the Board of Supervisors meeting with the School Board in
attendance:
PRESENT: (School Board)
Earl Pickett - Chairman
Lannis Selz - Vice-Chairman
R. W. Mitchell
Martha Pankey
Clifford Rhodenizer
ALSO PRESENT: Dr. Walter Klug - School Superintendent
Billy Perrow
Mr. Kendrick turned the meeting over to Mr. Pickett. Mr. Pickett stated they had bidded the school
in three parts and they all came back over the nine (9) million dollar cap. There were a couple of
options whereby they could stay under the cap. 1) by using a pre-engineered gym, 2) without the
gym but with six classrooms and 3) with gym and classrooms about $9.35 million. The School
Board feels the six extra classrooms would be more beneficial to the county than the gym.
Mr. Kendrick reiterated the options and recommendations:
* basically with the cap set, the gymnasium and the 600 student capacity cannot be met.
* take away the gymnasium and add the 6 classroom back we can come under the 9 million
dollars.
. Adding the 6 classrooms and using a pre-engineered gymnasium we would be $350,000 over
the cap.
* The School Board is recommending option 2
Mr. Kendrick questioned the core support available, the total square footage and the cost per square
foot and the type of roof.
Mr. Carwile had some questions regarding the gymnasium cost of $900,000 and reduced it down to
$350,000. This seems to be a sizeable amount.
Other Board members had questions regarding gymnasium, playground, roof, and furnishings.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the furnishings, new as opposed to using some from the
old school building. The Scholl Board estimated that all new furnishings would cost approximately
$350,000. At the present time no assessment had been performed to determine how much of the
current furniture could be used in the new school.