254
school. Her main concern was the time frame for the construction of this new facility. Mrs. Moore
continued with the conditions of the present building and the safety issues that needed to be
addressed. Mrs. Moore also congratulated the Board for the time spent on this and asked that they
move forward as soon as possible.
Mr. Moore thanked Mrs. Moore and asked Mrs. Shirley Eye to address the board.
Mrs. Eye came forward and stated she was the Chair for the Citizens Forum and introduced Mrs. Sue
Eggleston, Recorder and Mr. Fred Underwood, Vice-Chair of the group. Mrs. Eye also asked that
any other members of this Citizens Forum present to please stand in order to be recognized.
Mrs. Eye stated that the mission of the Citizens Forum was to engage all Appomattox County
residents in a pro-active way to enhance and promote the quality of life in the County. With that in
mind she would like to propose several ways to utilize the old elementary school building in the
future, using some of the suggestions presented in the Regional Renaissance survey done in
September 1999.
Several Board members presented questions regarding such things as, the upkeep and maintenance,
the liability insurance and any renovations that may be required to the buildings. Also if all the land
was to be utilized or just the building itself.. The Board asked if this was to be done without the use
of County funds.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mrs. Eye.
Mr. Moore next called Mrs. Lena McClenny to appear before the Board.
Mrs. McClenny stated she was a teacher and the mother of two and that she had some concerns
regarding the children walking to the trailers next year. She applauded the decision to move forward
with the new school but felt the commitment and the coming together were lacking. Mrs. McClenny
urged the Board to expedite the construction of the new building for the sake of the children.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mrs. McClenny.
Mr. Moore then called Mr. Robert G. Mitchell of the Pamplin Town Council to address the Board
with his concerns regarding the renovation and restoration of the Pamplin Train Depot.
Mr. Mitchell explained his purpose for appearing before the Board was to ask for help with this
project. The Pamplin Town Council had a cash flow problem and the contractor must be paid for
services at certain intervals. Mr. Mitchell requested the Board grant them the amount of $50,000.00
to cover necessary payments until such time as they received money from a State TEA 21 Grant.