385
The State has adopted a new policy, in order to get any type of enhancement pay, you need to attendclasses. He will have more information on this later. He would like for the Board to be aware of this.
Mr. Mays discussed with the Board the trailer situation. You have to be careful how you approachpeople about their personal property. Ifhe is aware of a trailer, flat-bed, van type or tank type, thattrailer is on the personal property book. He cannot tell you how many any one has or whether thatperson is paying taxes on that trailer because that is an invasion of privacy act and is a class IImisdemeanor for him to divulge that information. He informed Mr. Stidham that being a small, ruralcommunity and required by the Code of Virginia, Section 58.1 to go out and look at all newconstruction, he is aware of basically what is going on in the County. There is not a road in theCounty that he does not have to go on. He knows basically who is doing what and there is a fine lineand you have to be careful how you discuss this type of business in a public meeting. You can beassured that if he is aware of any trailer, van, etc. in the County, then it is being taxed. He wouldsuggest that the property owner be contacted and asked to put up a buffer so that these are not visiblefrom the highway.
Unless he is told by the owner to put these trailers on real estate, they are taxed as personal property.
The question has been brought up regarding mobile homes. He would like to clear these up now.Single Wide Mobile homes in 1999 generated approximately $100 per mobile home on average.Double Wide Mobile homes in 1999 generated approximately $375 per double wide on average.A Single Wide depreciates in value (annual basis) as a automobile, whereas, Double Wides do not,generally appreciate as a stick built house. (Taxed as Real Estate).
Mr. Kendrick questioned taxes on single wide trailers used as rental property. Are the taxes basedon value of trailer or income generated by trailer?
Mr. Mays informed Mr. Kendrick that all single wide mobile homes are taxed according to value,no where in the County are fees generated by income.
Van trailers used for storage do not generate any fees in Appomattox and he is not aware of any otherCounties that do so.
The Board set the Public Hearing for Ordinance Change in the Exception on Certain Real Estate forOctober 2, 2000 at 7:00 P.M. at the Appomattox County Courthouse.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Mays.
Mr. Moore next called for Supervisors Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore moved to the next item.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legalissues and Code Section 2. 1-344(A)1 - personnel matters.