493
accordance with the Department of Justice that we have to send this information to once it
has been done. We received three (3) bids: Anderson & Associates; Dewberry & Davis and
Timmons. Timmons provided us with the lowest bid. We also have received a revised bid
from Anderson & Associates which is a little lower than Timmons but in their original
submittal they had a three (3) year maintenance agreement which seems to obligate us to deal
with them on other project that have GIS meanings. Mr. Carroll is asking the Board of allow
him to execute the contract with Timmons so we can move ahead with this project.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the contract
with Timmons in the amount of $3,420.00 as the GIS Consultant and allow Mr. Carroll to execute
the contract on the Board of Supervisors’s behalf. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Board of Building Code Appeals:
Does anyone have nominations for this Board to present tonight.
Mr. Carwile has suggested that Bill Caldwell be asked to serve on this Committee. By consensus the
Board agreed to have Mr. Carroll contact Mr. Caldwell regarding serving on this Board. The
remaining nominations were tabled until the next meeting.
4. Region 2000 Board of Directors:
Someone from the private sector needs to be appointed to this Board of Directors.
Mr. Carter stated he had contacted Gus Paulette regarding serving on this Board and Mr. Paulette
has indicated he would be willing to serve.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Gus Paulette to the Region 2000 Board
of Directors. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
5. Workforce Investment Board:
The Board has received notice that Fred Lawson has resigned as the representative from
Appomattox on the Workforce Investment Board. The Board needs to appoint a replacement
at this time.
By consensus, the Board decided to table this matter until a later meeting.
Mr. Kendrick next called for action on the Consent Agenda: (Items: 6 - 11)
6. Approval of Bills:
Bills to be paid as included in the attachment.
LINE ITEM TRANSFERS:
7. Library:
The following line item transfers were requested at the March 5, 2001 meeting: