e)
120
center and available to the public. The Department of Public Safety may amend or change these
boundaries from time to time in order to provide the best services available.
For purposes of this Article, the following definitions shall apply, unless the context requires a different
meaning:
“Emergency medical services personnel” means persons responsible for the direct provision of emergency
medical or rescue services in a given medical emergency or emergency rescue including all persons who
could be described as attendants, attendants-in-charge, or operators.
“Bmergency medical services vehicle” means any vehicle, vessel, aircraft or ambulance that holds a valid
emergency medical services permit issued by the State Office of Emergency Medical Services that is
equipped, maintained or operated to provide emergency medical care or transportation of patients who are
sick, injured, wounded, or otherwise incapacitated or helpless.
“EMS squad” or “EMS department” means a volunteer emergency medical services (EMS) organization
organized pursuant to VA. CODE ANN. Section 27-8 in any town, city or county of the Commonwealth,
with the approval of the governing body thereof consisting of emergency medical services personnel.
For state law authority, see VA. CODE ANN.
Section 32.1-111.14 (Cum. Supp. 2006). See
AlsoVA. CODE ANN. Section 15.2-955 (Cum
Supp. 2006), Section 27-8.1 (Repl. Vol. 2004),
And section 27-23.6 (Repl. Vol. 2004).
Section 21.7.Entities of County EMS/Rescue Division responsible to the
Department of Public Safety.
a) Each of the organizations and groups mentioned in subsection (b) and (c) of 21.6 shall coordinate
their operations and activities with the Appomattox County Department of Public Safety and will
carry out their assigned tasks to the best of their ability.
b) Each EMS/rescue organization mentioned in 21.6(b) shall appoint a captain who shall be
responsible for the overall direction and control of EMS/rescue service activities within his
organization’s respective primary response area. Additionally, the captain shall insure that his
organization complies with all of the provisions of applicable laws, ordinances, and standard
operation procedures and shall coordinate his organization’s operations and activities with the
Director of Public Safety or his designee.
For state law authority, see VA. CODE ANN. Section 32.1-
111.14 (Cum. Supp.
2006). See also VA. CODE ANN.
Section 27-23.6(Repl. Vol. 2004).
Section 21.8.Responsibility and authority.
a}
b)
¢)
All officially recognized members of the organizations and groups mentioned above shall perform their
respective duties, as outlined in standard operating procedures and applicable laws and ordinances, to
the best of their ability.
All officially recognized members of the organizations and groups mentioned above will be subject to
the procedures and practices established by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors or its
designee.
While performing in his official capacity, each of the members of the organizations and groups
mentioned above shall have the authority to carry out his respective assignments as provided for in
applicable laws, ordinances and standard operating procedures.
For state law authority, see VA. CODE ANN. Section 27-
23.6 (Repl. Vol. 2004) and
Section 32.1-111.14 (Cum. Supp. 2006).
Section 21.9.EMS/Rescue personnel afforded certain privileges, rights and remedies.