659
Mr. Thomas stated children with these problems could be referred by the court system,
but they would not be placed in this program in lieu of serving jail time. They are
thinking in terms of children that are lacking opportunities, that are neglected, and
whose parents do not have the time or resources to devote to them. Hopefully, the
time spent here will change their outlook on how to live their lives. Most of these
referrals would be on an individual basis.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone else wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Spencer then asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
Mr. John Carter, Route 3, Box 248B, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Carter stated that as
the petition is written, it is very vague and not very specific. He would like to see the
proper issues addressed and cleared up before this petition is approved.
Hazel Lee & Otha W. Martin, Jr., Route 4, Appomattox, VA. Mr. Martin began by
stating he did not feel like we needed any more at-risk youth in the County. According
to what he hears through the schools, the local newspaper, we have enough youth in
the County who are law-breakers, etc. He believes that a business of this type should
be controlled one on one, because youth at-risk have a mind of their own. He does not
feel one person can look after five (5) different youth, regardless. Also, he owns
property joining this property and has quite a few cattle and in bad weather fences are
downed by falling trees and limbs. He would not want his cattle getting out and
possibly injuring one of these kids. On the other hand, the children could get on his
property and get injured and he would end up with a law suit.
Mr. Martin continued by saying that he has a home on his property that could be rented
out and with this type of business located beside it, there would be little chance of
getting anyone to rent it. This is a community of local people, probably 25 to 30 homes.
He feels that a youth home would lower property values. He is asking that this petition
be denied.
Mrs. Martin commented that they also have pond on their property and do not want any
kids over there on the pond. ‘This would also be an expense on our school system.
The county does not need any more non-tax paying people in the county. She is very
much opposed to this type of business.
Ms. Shelor Smith, Route 3, Box 250, Appomattox, Va. Ms. Smith stated she lives
across the road from the subject property and she is very much opposed to this request.
She has cattle, horses and dogs and she does not want to be responsible for any unruly
child or youth coming on her property and getting hurt and then getting sued. I don't
want my animals getting loose and hurting one of these children. Horses are a great
temptation to kids, especially if they are not used to seeing them. She has a stallion
that is not very good with children. This ranch would also decrease the value of her
property. She would also have to be locking her doors and gates all the time. She
moved to her present location because she liked the seclusion. She likes the
community, the people, and she does not have to worry about her neighbors. She has a
niece that was sent to one of these facilities located in Dillwyn for 18 months. It was