81
based on the way the statute is written. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next introduced Gary Heiser, State Forest_ Manager: Mr. Heiser
requested a time on the agenda to give the annual report for the State forest and to
present the County with the annual check for our portion of sales.
Mr. Heiser began by stating the State Forest Program is self supporting through several
things, primarily timber harvesting. The gross that is made goes back to the County in
which the forest is located. This year is a little better than past years. Mr. Heiser
presented the Board with a check in the amount $79,807.00. Basically, with the
legislature introduced for next year, he would have been giving the County a check for
about one-half this amount. The remaining half would stay with Forestry for
recreational activities. The seven (7) year average is about $47,000.00. The purpose of
this is to increase recreational activities in the State Forests. The
Appomattox/Buckingham Forest has about 20,000 acres with 12 miles of trails. They
are looking to build horse trails, bike trails, walking trails and eventually a handicapped
trail. They already have several waysides and a couple of lakes which are not utilized to
their potential.
He would like for the Board to appoint someone in Appomattox County to serve on a
committee along with people from Buckingham and Cumberland to meet and come up
with a uniform way to report back to the counties on what is done with the money or
what the counties would like to see done with this money.
They do not have ATV trails as they require some law enforcement to oversee the use of
these trails. Currently it is against State Law to operate an ATV on State property.
Mr. Carter asked about the person to be suggested for this joint committee.
Ms. Ferguson stated Anne Dixon would be the most likely candidate for this committee.
Mr. Heiser presented the Board with a booklet outlining the State Forest Recreation Plan
drawn up on 7/7/07.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Heiser for his presentation and the check for $79,807.00.
Mr. Carter returned to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
3. Proposed Amendments _to the Zoning Ordinance: Please consider
scheduling a public hearing to receive comments on a proposed amendment to
the Zoning Ordinance to add Automotive Repair Garages, Mechanical and Body
Shops to the list of conditional uses in A-1.
Also, add to the list of conditional uses in A-1 the Storage of Sewage Sludge.
Recommendation: Consider scheduling a public hearing for September 17,
2007 at 6:15 p.m. to receive public comments on these proposed changes to the
Zoning Ordinance.