201
referred to Mr. Drinkard’s comments about longevity. He too was concerned with the longevity
of a new Courthouse versus the band-aid of a renovation. Mr. Carwile stated that it was the
inconvenience that would be placed upon those workers in the Courthouse. Mr. Carwile stated
that it would be very stressful to those workers and he also cited the large cost involved in
barricading off different areas for the renovation that would add costs, but not value. Mr.
Carwile stated that Mr. Drinkard’s comments were supported by the letter from Judge Blanton.
Mr. Carwile stated that it was before this to Board determine the right thing to do, build new or
to renovate.
Mr. Carwile then stated to the Chairman that when he returned to his seat that he would ask this
Board to reconsider. Mr. Carwile stated that he was not asking for a vote; he was only asking for
the Board to reconsider renovation versus new and that he would like for Hal Craddock to appear
before the Board and have questions from the Board fielded to him. Mr. Carwile suggested that
questions of concern were costs comparisons, time of construction, and the level of
inconvenience placed upon the employees in the building while the renovation was going on.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would rather handle a utilization of the building as it is today rather
than deal with the renovated courthouse down the road. Mr. Carwile stated that he was not sold
on the $875,000 given to the Board for extensive work to bring it up to standard when no
utilization had even been determined. Mr. Carwile said he didn’t accept those figures and that he
was not bitter because he had been voted down 4-1 by the previous Board.
Mr. Carwile referred to the previous meeting were he had stated that the Courthouse belonged to
the judge when he was using the Courthouse and that it belonged to the governing body of the
County when the judge was not using it. Mr. Carwile stated that he was not aware at that time of
the Attorney General’s ruling that the Courthouse came under the control of the judge at all
times. Mr. Carwile stated that this was even a stronger argument for building the judge a new
courthouse and the Board controlling the current courthouse as the governing body. Mr. Carwile
stated that he was returning to his seat and he told the Chairman that he wanted a vote to
reconsider renovation versus new, and that he wanted the Board to meet with Hal Craddock as
soon as possible, hopefully this week.
Mr. Moore stated that the Board had a motion from Mr. Carwile before it to reconsider the
renovation versus new on the Courthouse issue. Mr. Moore asked if there was a second. Mr.
Kendrick seconded the motion. Mr. Moore called for a vote. Vote: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, nay. Mr. Moore stated that the
motion passed so the Board would reconsider the renovation of the courthouse.
Mr. Moore stated that he assumed that the Board still wanted to meet with Hal Craddock to
discuss the project, renovation versus new. Mr. Carwile stated that he wanted to have this
meeting as soon as possible in order to adhere to the time line submitted to the judge. Mr.
Carroll asked if the Board wanted to provide him with a date and time to schedule this meeting.
Mr. Moore stated that the issue would have to be held on a special referendum to move the
Courthouse. Mr. Moore stated that this would increase the cost involved. There was some
discussion between the Board concerning the referendum.