359
Mr. Moore called for action from the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept an agreement between the Board ofSupervisors and Mr. W. M. Caldwell, in the capacity as an independent contractor. This agreementshall be from August 1, 2000 thru December 31,2000. The monetary figure should not exceed $800per month. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for approval of the bills.
There was some discussion to eliminate the miscellaneous suffix for all budget categories
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve bills as submitted and eliminate themiscellaneous suffix from all budget categories. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Kendrick stated he has had a question since the beginning of the Budget work sessions, Hewould like to know how the composite index of $270,000 is computed. He would also like to be ableto understand how Appomattox County could be viewed by the State as being in a better financialposition than we were last year. He does not feel the County is.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have Mr. Carroll review the compositeindex and give a report at the next meeting. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
There was some discussion concerning the composite index and how it was calculated and the effectsof the composite index change.
Mr. Kendrick would like to have Davenport focus on three (3) main issues:
1) Debt reduction
2) Reduce taxes after assessment in 2002 to .65 cents if possible but no greater than .70
cents.
3) Set projects in motion and how they should be managed.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to have Davenport make a financial analysisbased on these three (3) priorities. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick would like for the Board to address the Administrative items under a ConsensusAgenda (looking at them all as one item) but retaining the right to pull out any individual item thatmay be questionable.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to address Administrative Items as aConsensus Agenda instead of each item individually. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;