152
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Dr. Siano.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Board purchase a full-
page ad in the program for the Martin Luther King Birthday Celebration at a cost of
$100.00 and adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors believes that all citizens
should have equal opportunities, and
WHEREAS, The Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. has long been associated with the
civil rights movement to create equal opportunities for all citizens, and
WHEREAS, The Government of the United States and the Commonwealth of Virginia
have officially recognized Mr. King’s contributions and efforts regarding the civil rights,
by creating a Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday .
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED THAT, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby support the plans for a Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebration
in memory of Mr. King’s efforts.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Paul Lee auditor with Robinson, Farmer, Cox to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Lee came forward and explained that the FY-1999 audit had been completed and that
everything was in order. Mr. Lee than gave a very brief run down of the County
finances. Mr. Lee then asked if any member of the Board had questions for him?
Several members of the Board asked questions of Mr. Lee concerning the FY-1999 audit.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Mr. Lee and called on Mr. J. C. Rogers with the
SCV to appear before the Board.
Mr. Rogers began that he was meeting with the Board as the official spokesperson for the
SCV, on local matters. Mr. Rogers continued that he would like to set the record straight
and let the Board know that the SCV had nothing to do with the flying of the Confederate
Battle flag the day after the election. Mr. Rogers assured the Board that the SCV was a
non-political and non-racial organization. Mr. Rogers then asked the Board to allow the
SCV to fly the Confederate flags on the statue in the Courthouse Square on the following
dates: April 9, May 2, May 31, June 3, The second weekend in October (Railroad
Festival) and Veterans Day. Mr. Rogers explained that these are the dates that the flag
has been flown on County property in the past and that no new dates have been added.
Mr. Rogers stated that the SCV’s meetings were opened to the public and that all were
welcome. Mr. Rogers stated that there was a misconception in the public that the SCV
was a hate group. Mr. Rogers continued that this was not true. He stated that the SCV