415
They do charge rent for space in the incubator.; 3) They provide consultation and training for small
business owners and persons thinking about going into business. These services are confidential,
objective and are provided at no charge. Mr. Lyons is here to request funding from Appomattox in
the amount of $5,000.00 for the period of July 1, 2001 - June 30, 2002.
Mr. Lyons then asked if the Board had an questions.
Mr. Carwile wanted to know how long this program has been in existence and since they are
reaching out, is it not working?
Mr Lyons explained that the program is working but they are losing the Chamber of Commerce
money and need to come up with other funding.
Mr. Carter asked how many Appomattox businesses had been helped.
Mr. Lyons could not say. The computer software had been changed, but since Januaryl, 1999, 53
clients and 26 business owners has been helped. 38 new jobs have been created as a result and 24
jobs have been kept because of consultation. They have $955,000 in loans.
Mr. Kendrick informed Mr. Lyons that the Board would not be able to consider his request until the
next Budget Process. Mr. Kendrick also asked if Mr. Lyons could provide the Board with more
detailed information.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Lyons.
The Planning Commission has requested that the Board consider paying its members for their
services.
The Board by consensus tabled this item until it’s November 20" meeting with the Planning
Commission present.
At an earlier meeting the Board had expressed a desire to set up a special account for the Sports
Complex Fund. This is monies that have been donated especially for this purpose, $30,000 from the
sale of property donated in 1994 and $400.00 donated in 1999. Mr. Carroll is asking that this amount
plus interest ($39,608.80) be transferred from the General Revenue fund to a special account for the
Appomattox County Sports Complex.
Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Belter if this is problem for her office.
Mr. Carwile then made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to transfer $39,608.80 from the General
Revenue Fund to a special account for the Appomattox County Sports Complex. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The County membership to NACO has expired and we have received an invoice to renewal. Does
the Board wish to continue this membership? By consensus the Board decided to table this until