241
Carwile continued by asking the Board not to miss an opportunity to utilize our one hundred
Appomattox Courthouse that has served the County of Appomattox well and with pride. Mr.
Carwile continued that this could be a credit to this governing body to be recorded for their
actions tonight, March 6 the year 2000. Mr. Carwile then thanked the Board for their patience
and for giving him their attentive listening ear on this that he is very heart felt for and that he has
spent a lot of time to it and that he is shooting in the dark and trusting that his fellow Board
members will see it the way he does. Mr. Carwile then thanked the Chairman.
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Carter for his comments concerning renovation versus new.
Mr. Carter addressed the Chairman and his fellow Board members. Mr. Carter stated that he had
made some notes as Mr. Carwile was giving them the data and information that he had gathered.
Mr. Carter continued that the decision was made by the Board of Supervisors almost twelve
months ago to renovate this Courthouse. Mr. Carter continued that it had been said that was
from a past Board and that was true because the Board had two new members on the Board,
however, the two new members came on Board knowing that whatever transpired in the past
must go on when it has been duly voted and justified to be for the betterment for the community.
Mr. Carter continued that he did not agree with reneging on valid and justified past decisions.
Mr. Carter stated that concerning the Courthouse he had a grand total of eight citizens approach
him to construct a new Courthouse. Mr. Carter stated of the eight, five were from the
Courthouse District. Mr. Carter continued that the majority of the citizens that had contacted
him, and he would like to add that there had not been that many, requested to renovate. Mr.
Carter stated in closing that therefore that was going to be his vote, to renovate. Mr. Carter stated
that any new construction, in his opinion, would be for a new elementary school.
Mr. Kendrick addressed Mr. Carter and stated that while he shared Mr. Carters sentiments
concerning the old Board sometimes you were prevailed upon to take another look at a decision
that had been made because of the number of requests for that, Mr. Kendrick stated that during
the campaign and even now it was being requested by many people to take a look at the new
courthouse versus the renovation of the old courthouse. Mr. Kendrick explained that he had
received lots of input on this because people looked at him as the swing vote, they seemed to feel
they knew how the others were going to vote. Mr. Kendrick continued that he had been swinging
on this decision. Mr. Kendrick continued that he did not like the position that he was in but he
was truly capable of making a decision from where he was at without anybody’s help. Mr.
Kendrick continued that when he said without anyone’s help he meant that he had gotten about
fifty-fifty opinions on this issue. Mr. Kendrick stated that he had spent quite a bit of time on this
issue. Mr. Kendrick continued that if you had asked him on Friday how he was going to vote he
would have said that he would vote for renovation. Mr. Kendrick stated that on Saturday he
would have said he would build a new Courthouse. Mr. Kendrick stated that if you looked at Hal
Craddock’s pro’s and cons’ they favor a new Courthouse. Mr. Kendrick continued that when you
look at the amount of money involved there was very little difference. Mr. Kendrick thanked
everyone for their input because he felt it told him something about Appomattox that he didn’t
know, and that was that the citizens really do care about the community and he really appreciated
that. Mr. Kendrick continued that he had struggled with this decision but he would tell the
citizens this, whether it’s new courthouse or renovation, the money is essentially the same. Mr.