167
Next item for discussion is Administrative Item #5 — Letter of concern from several
citizens. We have received a letter from several citizens on a concern with unoccupied
mobile homes. Pictures have been provided. (pictures on file in the board file)
Mr. Conrad stated that he is aware of the mobile homes in the pictures and they are in his
District. It also appears that the mobile homes in the pictures are occupied and not in that
bad of shape. He feels it should be something that the Board can just look into, but does
not feel that the board can tell a person that they can’t live there. This is not something
that can be done by the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that he feels this may be something that should be handled within their
own subdivision ordinance or policies that are in place. He does not feel that this is
anything that the county needs to get involved in.
Mr. Tanner states that some areas mentioned can be controlled by already in place
ordinances within the county.
With no further discussion, this item will be tabled.
Next item for discussion is the Consent Agenda.
With no further discussion on the Consent Agenda, Mr. Tanner made a motion that the
board accept the consent agenda as presented. Mr. Conrad seconded Mr. Tanner’s
motion. Roll Call Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Informational Items were presented by Chairman Craft.
Mrs. Ferguson also added that the report from the Recreation & Tourism Department was
added to information before the meeting which was left on the table at each place setting.
Chairman Craft next welcomed Mr. Tanner to the Board and thanked the Board for
having the confidence in him to elect him as Chairman for 2008. He stated that he would
do the best he could with help from the staff, the Board and County Attorney. Mr. Craft
looks forward to moving forward.
Mr. Conrad also thanked the board for electing him as Vice-Chairman and he would also
do the best job possible.
Chairman Craft next called for supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carter stated that he wanted to reflect on the year 2007 major activities that the
County engaged in such as the 911 Call Center, the Community Park work that is still
ongoing, finalized membership in the Blue Ridge Regional Jail, Reassessment in process
of being completed, CVCC Satellite Station opened. Windows and roof were replaced in
Carver Price Museum, recycling rate met for Appomattox County, The Route 460