53
On Monday, August 6, 2007 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s
regular scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Community Center
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel £. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John G. Overstreet - County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
There were no changes to be made to the Agenda.
Mr. Carter stated the next item on the Agenda was the CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT
PERIOD: This time is provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss
issues that are of importance or concern to the citizen.
No one came forward to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1, Planning Commission Recommendations: On July 16, 2007 a public
hearing was held to receive comments on various zoning petitions. The Planning
Commission recommendations from that hearing are as follows:
RZ07003 — Phelps, Wayne and Sylvia: Rezone property located on the
south side of Richmond Highway and Spout Spring Road from R~-1 to B-1.
Recommendation: Denial of this petition.
Mr. Conrad stated that in reviewing this petition and the accompanying documents, the
property all along Route 460 from the stop light at Concord down to Appomattox, you
have various zones. The Comprehensive Plan for the County has designated that we
would like to see along Route 460, as time goes by to attract business, is to have this
designated as B-1 as much as possible. The area in question, is currently R-1, however,
it is not being used by anybody at this point as residential and it does have potential to
become a business designation if an individual was to re-zone this and decide to place a
business there. This, as far as he can see, borders on part of Route 647 and would
border also Route 460. If he is not mistaken, VDOT has indicated that a turnoff could
be placed onto this property from Route 460 and he does not see any particular problem