169
Revised as the rules for the Board. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that the next order of business was to establish meeting dates, times, and
places.
Mr. Carter began that he would like to say that he felt the Board should establish a policy that no
new business transactions take place after 9:30 P.M.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt this was a good recommendation.
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not feel that Mr. Carter would have any opposition on this issue.
Mr. Carwile asked if Mr. Carter was going to include the dates and times for the meetings in with
the 9:30 adjournment?
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Board hold their regular meetings on
the 1“ and 3" Monday nights of each month, except when the meetings would fall on a legal
holiday, with the meeting times at 6:00 P.M., with no new business transactions taking place after
9:30 P.M. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that this was the place in the meeting that he was to give instructions to
the Administrator. Mr. Moore continued that Mrs. Ferguson has done a good job for the Board
over the years in providing information that was necessary and obtaining information that was
requested by the Board. Mr. Moore stated that his personal instruction would be to continue to
do the job that she has done in the past.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else had anything to add to these comment?
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to add that everyone wants to achieve goals a little higher
and that he would like to ask Mrs. Ferguson to work a little bit harder because the Board had a
lot in the year 2000 to accomplish. Mr. Carwile continued that he would ask Mrs. Ferguson with
the two new Board members coming on that she keep them equally and maybe a little better
informed because they are coming on and they deserve this extra little bit that it takes to get them
on board. Mr. Carwile continued that he was appreciative of the many hard hours and the work
that Mrs. Ferguson does for the Board which reflects back to the taxpayers and the people in the
County. Mr. Carwile asked that Mrs. Ferguson stay the course and keep us united together.
Mr. Moore welcomed the new Supervisors to the Board. Mr. Moore continued that he hoped
this Board would be a Board in unity working together to take care of the County’s business. Mr.
Moore continued that he would hope the Board would dispense with having words back and forth
that were derogatory and be strictly professional in public.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chairman and said that his remarks were well stated and well heard
and that he was in support of that concept.