041
Mr. Carwile read the following letter:
July 19, 1999
Board of Supervisors
Appomattox County
Appomattox, Virginia
Gentlemen:
Children are the business of education, and education is the business of “LIFE”. It is and
should be, the most important business in this Country.
It is my understanding that you are meeting tonight to decide whether to purchase land on
Route 691 and erect a “NEW” school at a Cost of $10.8 Million Dollars; or whether to
preserve, renovate and build additional classrooms onto the Elementary School, located
on Route 460. A school that holds many treasurer memories for our Black Community; a
school that became one of the true Symbols of Americas diversity, where all children
learned together regardless of Race, Color, Religious Belief — a living piece of
APPOMATTOX history.
A drive past the property, being considered by the Board of Education, on Route 691,
doesn’t require much imagination to envision a 10.8 Million Dollar complex. One can
easily conjure a beautiful building, sweeping lawns, curved driveways and parking areas
lined with buses and cars.
But, I say to you, it is not the “exterior” of the building, the beauty of the locale, or the
curving driveways that are as IMPORTANT as “what happens on the inside of the school
building — the “Classroom” it’s environment, and the “TEACHER” ARE the TRUE
MATERIALS OF LEARNING and these determine how well children learn. And I
might add, the Elementary School has produced many outstanding students despite
crowded classrooms, lack of Air-Conditioning and some Electrical Outlets.
The fact is, that “School” provide the place for learning — It adds nothing to a childs’
STATURE.
Impatience is a National Characteristic—And “Do it Now, if not Sooner” could well be
our Nations’ Motto. This attitude results in:
1. A poor approach to Problem Solving
2. Costly Mistakes
3. Mistrust of Public Officials by citizenry.
“Hasten Slowly” wrote Suetonious in 175A.D.
It will be a Great Tragedy if you gentlemen “Act in Haste”. I have not seen any evidence
of Traffic Flow Charts, A Needs Assessment, or any “IN DEPTH” study. Decision on a