651
and the County leaders to see what can be done at this intersection and possibly have a
traffic light installed. They have received positive responses from two (2) local Ruritan
Clubs and also from Jim Ford, Bill Jamerson, Mayor Ronnie Spiggle and Marvin Hamlett
of the Times-Virginian. The Appomattox Town Council and the Appomattox Chamber of
Commerce have responded in a positive manner. Mr. Watkins Abbitt of the House of
Delegates has informed them that the speed limit on the by-pass will more than likely be
raised from 55 mph to either 60 or 65 mph in the near future. This is due to a law
recently enacted by the legislature. The speed limit for westbound traffic would then be
55 on the east end of the bypass, increase to 60-65 on the bypass, reduce to 45 at the
shopping center and then increase to 55 again near Appomattox Ford, all within
approximately four miles. He will write a letter of support if we request one.
Mr. Chambers also reported some statistics from traffic counts conducted at this
intersection. He is requesting guidance and support from the Board of Supervisors on
this issue.
Mr. Carter stated that this subject has been addressed numerous times in the past and
the Board of Supervisors is glad to see it being addressed by another identity. Public
safety is of great concern to everyone.
Mr. Richard Haught of Route 615, Appomattox. He is present to express his
disapproval of the petition to rezone a parcel of land on Route 615 for an At-Risk-Youth
Ranch. He lives approximately % miles from this property and has lived there for twelve
(12) years and is raising three (3) children. His greatest concern is security. They plan
to have an overall security run by the grounds and maintenance staff with one staff
member for every 8 — 10 youths with a maximum of 150 youth per session. Also, he is
concerned about the possibility of a year round children’s home. He does not feel
secure having these at-risk youth residing in close proximity of his home.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Haught and stated that the petition requesting this re-zoning
would be heard during the public hearing at 7:00 p.m.
Ms. Harriett Robinson — Ms. Robinson stated that when the by-pass was first
proposed and public hearings held, all the proposal maps showed access roads from the
shopping center connecting to Route 26. Her question is “What happened to that
road?” She is also concerned about the speed limit and why there are no signs
indicating there is a shopping center ahead. She also wanted to know. why we were the
only county in Central Virginia, barring none, that have blue road signs. Every other
county has green signs, other than State Park signs, which are brown. “We must be
different, mustn’t we.”
Mr. Carter remarked that the color blue was what was selected by the group that was in
charge of the E911 system. Also, VDOT would have to answer her questions concerning
the speed limit and signs.
Mr. Kevin O’Brien, Route 24, Vera - Mr. O’Brien stated that in the last six months
since the putting up of the E911 signs, he has noticed some deterioration of these signs,
some have fallen down, others have been knocked down or stolen. He also stated that
the quality of the signs was not the best. The sample signs that the committee