79
CUPO7005_— Appomattox County EDA- Mid-Atlantic Board-Band
Cooperative (Agent) is requesting a conditional use permit for property
located on the south side of Industrial Park Lane near the intersection of Oakville
Road. The conditional use is to locate a telecommunications tower on the
property.
The Planning Commission recommended approval of this petition.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve
the request by Appomattox County EDA-Mid-Atlantic Broad-band Cooperative for a
conditional use permit to locate a telecommunications tower on property located on the
south side of Industrial Park Lane near the intersection of Oakville Road (Route 26).
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
CUP07006 — James W. Kennon Auto Sales: Requesting a conditional use
permit for property located on the south side of Richmond Highway between
Phoebe Pond Road and Stratford Road. The purposed use for the property is
automotive sales and service.
The Planning Commission recommended approval of this petition with the
following conditions: “A buffer shall be planted along Phoebe Pond Road from
the entrance to the sales lot to the rear of the building. The buffer shalt consist
of Leyland cypress trees planted 20’ on center.
Mr. Craft questioned the size the cypress trees would be at maturity. Someone stated
they grow about 10’ tall.
Mr. Armbrust stated that this property is located in his district and he has been to look
at this property. In looking at the property, the Planning Commission, was talking about
the cypress trees being placed to block the view from the present residents. His main
concern is the dust that will be created from the graveled parking lot. His problem is not
with the auto sales lot, as he feels it will be a good location. He does however, feel that
the cypress trees should be planted along the entire side of Phoebe Pond Road and that
the lot should be paved rather than gravel.
Mr. Craft and Mr. Carter both agree with Mr. Armbrust in that the main concern should
be the residents on Phobe Pond Road.
Mr. Moore stated he recommends that the cypress trees should be planted 15’ on center
rather than 20’.
Mr. Overstreet suggested that staff could look at the location and maybe mark the plat
as to where the trees should be planted as well as exactly where the paving should be
done. A check with VDOT on the sight distance should also be considered.