6
B-1 Business district as a Conditional Use. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, nay; Mr, Carter, nay;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye. (2 nay ~ 3 aye votes)
2. Resolution on the Route 460 Corridor Management Study: Resolution
adopting the Route 460 Corridor Management Study and incorporating this study
into the Transportation Element of the Community Development Plan. Public
hearing was held to receive public comments on May 21, 2007.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following resolution
incorporating the Route 460 Corridor Management study into the transportation element
of the County’s Community Development Plan:
RESOLUTION
TO INCORPORATE THE ROUTE 460 CORRIDOR MANAGEMENT STUDY INTO THE
TRANSPORTATION ELEMENT OF THE COUNTY’S COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT PLAN.
WHEREAS, the County wants to provide for the effective and efficient movement of people and goods;
and
WHEREAS, THE County wants to develop primary roads, secondary roads, and highways which meet the
Minimum standards for traffic volume and safety; and
WHEREAS, the Route 460 Corridor Management Study examined approximately 7.5 miles of Route 460
from the west Town of Appomattox limits to the Campbell County line; and
WHEREAS, the Study was performed to identify existing transportation concerns and recommendations
based on existing roadway operations and geometrics, develop traffic projections to the year 2030, and
assess the ability of the roadway to accommodate year 2030 travel; and
WHEREAS, study recommends roadway and intersection improvements as well as access management
techniques to handle existing and future (2030) traffic; and
WHEREAS, the Board has carefully considered the public record, the public testimony, and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors on this 4"" day of
June, 2007, that the Route 460 Corrider Management Study be and it hereby is incorporated into the
Transportation Element of the County’s Community Development Plan.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Application for Outdoor Entertainment Event: This application for the
proposed Cowboy “X” games was held over from the May 21, 2007 meeting.
The original permit was approved holding the events at another location. The
location has been changed and so have the individuals that are in charge. It
appears that everything is in order and staff recommends approving the permit
for these three events and waiving the bond requirement.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Outdoor
Entertainment Event Application for three (3) proposed Cowboy “X” games to be held at
3584 Liberty Chapel Road, Appomattox, Va. on June 23; August 25; and October 27,
2007. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)