165
Mr. Moore stated that he has someone willing to serve, but they also would not have the
needed requirements as stated in the Virginia Code Section 58.1-3374. Mr. Moore stated
that he would check to see if he has someone who would fulfill this requirement and let
Mrs. Ferguson know who it would be.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to appoint Ben Marshall from his District. Mr.
Conrad appointed John Archer and Mr. Tanner appointed Leon Moore. Chairman Craft
stated that he would let Mrs. Ferguson know after he has spoken with his appointee the
next day.
Being no further discussion on the appointment to the Board of Equalization. Chairman
Craft next called on Mr. Bill Slagle to appear before the board.
Mr. Slagle stated that he is here to update the Board on the EDA activities and to answer
any questions that the Board may have.
Mr. Slagle stated that in 2007 they continued to work with the State and regional partners
to improve the economic well being of Appomattox County. There was a change in the
name of the Economic Development Authority from the Industrial Development
Authority because it best represents what this authority is about. The EDA decided to
focus their attention to three major areas, energy, homeland security and warehousing or
distribution, They continued their attention on the broadband coverage for the county as
well as educational opportunities.
In February 2007 Mr. Slagle, Mr. Conner and Mr. Spencer made a presentation to the
Economic Development Partnership staff in Richmond. This was coordinated by Lee
Cobb from Region 2000 Economic Development Council. They feel they need to offer
special assistance to Appomattox County as they feel we have been left behind. The
EDA focus was outlined to them and information was provided on Appomattox Center
for Business and Commerce.
The first opportunity to showcase the Appomattox Center in operation was in November.
Through these visits they try to learn from the experts how to better market Appomattox.
Mr. Slagle explained that energy activity is a leader of the economic development
partnership team. They visited Appomattox on several occasions. EDA through VA
Tech hosted an information seminar on ethanol hoping for some possibilities but have
later determined that it would not be feasible for this area.
Next Mr. Slagle reported on homeland security. The EDA are trying to attract some high
tech industries and also provides needs for any one associated with homeland security.
EDA have negotiated a lease in which we can recover some of the revenue on future
equipment on the tower.