020
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on June 28,
1999 at 7:30 after the public hearing in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court
Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore (late due to Planning Commission Meeting)
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes of the
recessed meeting of May 24, 1999 and the regular meeting of June 7, 1999 as presented.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for approval of payment of the bills for June 28, 1999.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the bills for June 28,
1999 as presented. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next called upon Mrs. Vivian Seay to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Seay began that she had presented a copy of a plat for distribution to the Board prior
to the meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the plat was located on page 1 of the Board Book.
Mrs. Seay explained that the parcel of land was located on Tower Hill Road, which was a
dirt road. Mrs. Seay continued that the parcel contained 45.954 acres and that the
purchaser and the seller thought that they would be able to cut off 2 acres and they
thought that the plat had been approved but found out that it was not. Mrs. Seay
explained that her reason for coming before the Board was to ask for the ability to have
the plat approved. Mrs. Seay explained that to her understanding the reason it did not
meet current zoning was because the road was a dirt road. Mrs. Seay continued that the
Town maintained this road because they used it to get to the water tower. Mrs. Seay
coc-