201
and sign it. I was told last week, in person, that eight people had their names removed. I
can’t help but wonder, if people actually stopped to think and examine the question in total
would they still sign?
11) When my children were young and wanted t so something, they would say “everybody’s
doing it” I would reply, “but you are not everybody”. Appomattox County is not
“everybody” either.
If I were to circulate a petition such as this, I would saturate the hunting clubs with it and
selectively place it elsewhere. Without seeing a copy of the petition, I venture to say it is
structured so anyone in the county can sign including minor children. The 800 signatures figure
used is a little over 15% of the total county population. This should be an issue that voters
decide. It appears to me that this would be an ideal situation for a referendum.
Mr. Moore then stated that he had received several telephone calls today that were opposed to
high powered rifles. Mr. Moore also stated that he had received input from hunters who were in
favor.
J. M. Rosser
March 20, 2000 1.25 P.M.
Herman Thomas P.O. Box 668
Concord, Virginia 24538
Telephone - (804) 993-2120
Opposition to rifle ordinance
“there is no safe place to shoot a high-powered rifle”
very much against!
Mr. Carwile stated that he had received only three negative comments. Mr. Carwile continued
that most of what he has heard is all positive.
Mr. Hancock stated that he is in favor of the rifle and that he has received a lot of input from the
hunters.
Mr. Kendrick stated that there were a lot of legitimate concerns associated with this issue but that
most of what he has heard has been in favor.
Mr. Carter stated that he had received two calls in opposition but the rest were in favor of the
change.
Mr. Roland Parrish asked to address the Board.
Mr. Moore acknowledged Mr. Parrish.
Mr. Parrish stated that he lives on Route 727, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Parrish stated that all
the adjoining counties allow high powered rifle use in their counties. Mr. Parrish continued that
in order for him to hunt legally he had to go to an adjoining county to hunt because he does not
prefer to hunt with a shotgun. Mr. Parrish stated that he felt the Board had already opened the