097
Absent:
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 6:30 P.M. and explained that the purpose of
the meeting was to make a decision on acquisition of land for public purposes, more
specifically, the property owned by Steve Lawson adjacent to the Courthouse Complex.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the property consisting of 1.78 acres was to be auctioned off
on the Courthouse steps September 14, 1999 at 10:00 A.M. and if the County wished to
bid on this property they would need to authorize the County Administrator to do so.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize Aileen Ferguson,
County Administrator, to bid on the Lawson property adjacent to the courthouse with
funds for this purpose coming from the Capital Improvement Fund should the County be
successful in their bid. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a real estate
matter under Section 2. 1-344.3(a).
At 6:43 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into executive
session to discuss a real estate matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile at 6:55 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;