a9
Mr. Carwile began that going back to what they had just heard he felt that this decision on the
Courthouse was something that was in the hearts of many and in the Board’s heart to make the
right decision. Mr. Carwile continued that with what he has heard tonight that has a bearing on
his decision he was going to ask the Board to put the vote off until the first meeting in March and
at that time he would be prepared to make a recommendation to the Board one way or the other.
Mr. Carwile continued that he felt the honorable judge would be understanding with the Board
since it has been brought out by Hal Craddock that if the Board went with new construction they
could gain two months. Mr. Carwile continued that with that in mind he would like to put it
before the Board that this decision be put off for a vote definitely until the first meeting in March.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Carwile if he thought that this time would provide him with any additional
information that the Board has not already heard?
Mr. Carwile stated that yes, he was getting information for the utilization of the present
Courthouse that could satisfy each member of the Board and please the public.
Mr. Kendrick began that his position is the same as it was at the last meeting and that is that he is
still looking for a utilization plan for the present building and if it takes two weeks to come up
with a plan he is willing to wait.
Mr. Moore stated that he was ready to vote tonight but if everyone else wanted to wait that was
fine with him.
Mr. Carter stated that he was also ready to vote.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt we just kept putting this off and he did not know what another two
weeks was going to do. Mr. Moore continued that the Board had been dealing with this for years
and that the Board just didn’t seem able to make up it’s mind on anything anymore and that he
gets disturbed that they can’t make up their minds.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would make the stand and make the motion that this matter be put off
until the first meeting in March. Mr. Carwile continued that at that time the Board would make a
decision and he trusted that the Honorable Judge would agree with this small time frame that
could be in the best interest of the County.
Mr. Hancock seconded the motion.
Mr. Moore called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
At 6:55 P.M. Mr. Moore explained that the Board would need to recess until after the public
hearing.