120
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had an appointment for the Central Virginia Area Agency
on Aging Advisory Board? Mr. Bosiger explained that two people were needed for this
Board.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to suggest Mrs. Jennie Fratrick for one of these
positions.
Mr. Bosiger asked for other nominees.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Mrs. Jennie
Fratrick to the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Board. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked that the second appointment for the CVAAA Advisory Board be
placed on the agenda for the November 1, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there needed to be some discussion concerning the tire
operation that was presently located at the landfill. Mr. Bosiger asked if the Board
wished to discuss this in executive session?
By consensus of the Board it was agreed to discuss the details of the contract with
Emanuel Tire of Virginia in executive session.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board would need to recess at 6:55 P.M. until after
the zoning public hearing.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 7:20 P.M. after the public hearing.
Mr. Bosiger began by saying that the next item on the agenda was the selection of a site
for the new elementary school. Mr. Bosiger continued that he would like to state that he
did not have a conflict of interest when it comes to any property that the site selection
committee may recommend. Mr. Bosiger continued that there was a perception in the
community by some people that he does have a conflict of interest. Mr. Bosiger stated
that his integrity while serving on the Board had never been questioned before but since
some people perceived a conflict with this matter he would be abstaining from discussion
and voting on the issue of the site for the new elementary school.
Mr. Bosiger then called for discussion on the issue of a site for the elementary school.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Board of Supervisors
purchase the Bryant site located on Route 691 for the new elementary school at the price
that has already been established, as recommended by the Site Selection Committee.
Mr. Torrence provided a handout with the pros and con’s on the two sites that have been
evaluated. Mr. Torrence then went over this handout. Mr. Torrence stated that he felt the
study was comprehensive and that he was confident with the information provided by