653
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to waive the building permit fee for
the air conditioning unit being installed at the jail kitchen. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4A. Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department: The Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department is in the process of obtaining bids to demolish an old building
located on the Fire Department property. A significant cost associated with this
demolition will be the fees associated with dumping the debris in the landfill.
The Fire Department is requesting that the fees for dumping this debris be
waived in order to lower the overall cost of this demolition.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to consider if there was asbestos involved. If the
Board agrees to waive these fees and asbestos is found to be present, this has to be
separated.
Ms. Ferguson remarked that this is an organization that the Board supports with
donations and you would want to do everything you can to help them out. However,
operation wise, we need to make sure certain things are done properly to that the
landfill does not get in trouble with what is brought in. The only way to do this is that
someone from Central Virginia Labs would need to visit the site and take samples and if
asbestos is present, issue a report that this is non-friable asbestos as this is the only
type we can take at the landfill. If the Board wishes to make a motion to waive the fees,
it should be contingent upon items being separated. The landfill space is limited at the
present time and anything we could use elsewhere, like cinderblocks, bricks, etc. should
be put in another area in order that it not take up valuable space.
It was the consensus of the Board that Mrs. Ferguson talk with the Fire Department and
obtain the necessary asbestos reports before any action takes place and the waiving of
any fees would be based upon these reports.
Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:55 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the Board Meeting and called for the next items on
the Agenda.
APPEARANCES:
Mr. Fred Kruschwitz, Anne Dixon, Ray Perkins and Gary Gilliam: Mr. Kruschwitz
has asked to meet with the Board to discuss the financial time limits for the Appomattox
County Park.
Mr. Kruschwitz informed the Board that VDOT has put in the road and Pearson
Construction Company is grading the ball fields. They have two (2) bids left — one for
the t-ball fields and the parking lots. The soccer fields are being built now. They are
asking for permission to put these fields out on bids. Hopefully by this time next year
they will be done. In the Spring, they would like to get the contracts done for the
fencing of the ball fields. Tonight they are asking for permission to put out the bids on
two (2) t-ball fields and three (3) parking lots.