259
concerning environmental issues at the landfill.
After discussion, it was greed that Mr. Carroll and Mrs. Ferguson would get with Mr. Puckett and
discuss this matter to see if they feel it would be necessary to hire Hunton & Williams to perform
this service for the County.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from the Appomattox County Chamber of Commerce for
$750.00 to cover the cost of placing a full page color ad in the Virginia’s Retreat Outdoor Guide.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to proceed with a full
page ad in Virginia’s Retreat Outdoor Guide at a cost of $750.00. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that Ms. Sarah Meissner has requested use of the County Seal by the 4-H
Interstate Exchange Club. The 4-H Interstate Exchange Club will be hosting a meeting would like
to use the County Seal on materials to be placed in a gift bag for all participants.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to allow the 4-H Interstate Exchange Club to
use the County Seal on the gift bags they will be presenting to participants at a meeting they will be
hosting. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore presented the next item for consideration. Mr. Alton Dalton has requested that he be
allowed to divide a five acre parcel into two parts in order to give each of his children a lot of their
own. Since this item has been held over for a couple of meetings, Mr. Moore asked if there was any
new information?
Mr. Carwile referred the other members to page 6 in the Board Book which was a copy of minutes
from a previous meeting where an issue of this nature had been dealt with.
After some discussion, Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to over-rule the agents
decision and approve the division of a parcel of land from Alton Dalton, to his two daughters with
meeting the requirements of the sub-division ordinance for the following reasons:
1). Family division (children)
2). Not in conflict with the general meaning and purpose of the ordinance, and
3). It’s located in a rural section of the County.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that the request for proposals for general reassessment have been received
and that with the Board’s permission Mr. Mays and Mrs. Ferguson would set up interviews with the