690
Dr. Betty Siano came forward and gave her address as 106 Virginia Avenue, Appomattox. Dr.
Siano began by stating that the present welcome sign was one of the things that drew them to the
area, also with the wooden rail included in the National Historic Park landscaping. Those signs
reflect the fact that this was and is a historic place. These weatherbeaten signs give a sense of
country, hallowed ground, tranquility and serenity; Also the opportunity to learn more about what
had really taken place here.
The new signs have no appeal, no sense of history. It seems to be that everything that this Board
does is done without forethought and without any response from the community. She called for
the Board to start making decision based on experience, sound reasoning, exploration of
alternatives, planning, cost and the welfare of the majority of the citizens of the County. Repair,
Reconstruct, and Repaint what we now have.
Mrs. Susan Book of 110 Wildwood Road was the next to address the Board. She stated she is a
life long resident and tax paying resident of Appomattox County. Wished to take this
opportunity to express her sincere gratitude for the open forum concerning the Tobacco
Indemnification Grant with special focus on our historical Welcome to Appomattox Gateway
signs. She feels this tobacco grant money should go the people it was allocated for, the tobacco
farmers, who have literally had the bottom taken right from under them. How will these signs
help the farmers in our county?
Mrs. Book stated she had contacted the County Zoning Commissioner to see just what this grant
entailed. She also quoted articles from the Lynchburg News & Advance and the Appomattox
Times- Virginian.
Mrs. Book stated that several of her requests regarding the signs seem to have fallen on deaf ears.
She feels these signs are old friends and should be good for another 50 years. Keep the old signs
regardless of what other counties do. Please preserve these old historic signs that some of us
have known for all of our lives.
The next speaker was Lee Munsick, Route 1, Pamplin, Va.
Mr. Munsick began by saying that he had moved here in the last two years from Morristown,
New Jersey, which is known as “the military capital of the revolution”. General Washington and
his staff were in Morristown during two winters of the revolution. They are very interested in
history, and that is one of the reasons they moved to Appomattox.
The type of signs proposed may be find for Cape Canaveral but not for Appomattox. Please keep
something symbolic for the county and town. This new sign will not project the historic image
necessary to attract tourists. With funds as tight as they are at the present time, why spend money
on something that is not top priority.
Mr. Frank Thomas came forward and gave his address as Red House Road, Appomattox, Va.