045
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Moore for comments.
Mr. Moore began that he had been looking at this issue for a long time. Mr. Moore stated
that one of the things that bothered him was what would be done with the existing facility
if a new facility was constructed on a new site. Mr. Moore continued that he was not
satisfied with the figure for renovation that was presented to the Board. Mr. Moore stated
that he had worked with the figures and could find no real problem. Mr. Moore stated
that he understood the desires of the people who were present at the meeting and he knew
that they would like to renovate the present building. Mr. Moore stated that he would
also like to renovate but he would like to renovate to save money. Mr. Moore continued
that if a new facility were built that was not the total figure because what were we going
to do with the existing school building. Mr. Moore in closing stated that he still had a lot
of questions concerning this project.
Mr. Bosiger began by saying that he would like to speak as the representative of the
Falling River District and not as the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Bosiger continued that
he wished he had the wisdom of King Solomon because he had been wrestling with this
issue for some time and still did not know what was the right choice. Mr. Bosiger stated
that he was concerned with the heritage aspects involved with this decision. Mr. Bosiger
stated that he did not want to be accused of having a closed mind to anyone. Mr. Bosiger
continued that he wanted to do what was right for the children of the County. Mr.
Bosiger stated that he was hoping to have a financial forecast from Robinson Farmer Cox
that would help the Board see more clearly the direction of the debt service. Mr. Bosiger
stated that this Board had been forced to make some very difficult decisions and he felt
he would like a little more time to review the information that was provided before
making a final decision on this issue. Mr. Bosiger stated that he was not prepared to vote
on this issue tonight.
Mr. Torrence stated that tonight was drop-dead time. Mr. Torrence continued that a
delay would cost the taxpayers another $500,000.00. Mr. Torrence stated that his major
concern was putting the children through a third year in a facility that we would not be
allowed to put the dogs in the dog pound in. Mr. Torrence stated that there was a
decision to be made and he felt that it had been studied enough. Mr. Torrence stated that
he was going to make a motion concerning this matter. Mr. Torrence then made a motion
that the Board of Supervisors build a new elementary. Mr. Carter seconded the motion.
Mr. Bosiger called for discussion.
Mr. Carwile stated that he wanted to clarify Mr. Torrence’s motion. He asked if Mr.
Torrence was speaking of the purchase of the land only, not the issue of building a new
school? Mr. Carwile stated that hearing Mr. Torrence tonight, and what he was hearing
was that a true democracy that they were representatives of the people and representing
them by voice and representing their input. Mr. Carwile stated that he said before and he
would say again that he was not comfortable to vote on this issue now but if he had to
vote he would have to vote with what the people were saying because in a true