447
with several people at the State Corporation Commission and with VACo and found that phone
companies have already accounted for the possibility of this tax within their current rate structure.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the Telephone
Utility License Tax as presented at the public hearing on December 4, 2000. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
With the adoption of the new Personnel Policy for County Employees, there are limits to the amount
of leave time that can be accrued. Two county employees currently have accrued leave time in excess
of the approved limits. Mr. Carroll is asking the Board to allow these employees until J uly 1, 2002
to use this excess leave time before losing it.
' Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow the two County Employees until July
1, 2002 to use their excess accrued leave time in order to be in compliance with new County
Personnel Policy. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
The Lynchburg Chamber of Commerce has asked if Appomattox County would be interested in
doing a co-operative advertisement for tourism. The cost would be $3,500.00. The Town of
Appomattox may also this project, if so, the cost would be $1,750.00.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to table this issue
until a later date.
At 7:00 p.m., Mr. Moore called for the meeting to recess until after the Public Hearing.
At 7:16 P.M. Mr. Moore reopened the Board of Supervisors meeting. Mr. Hancock not present, in
Planning Commission meeting.
Region 2000 is requesting that Appomattox County pay an additional $229.56 for expenses involved
in the Regional Dinner Speaker’s fee. Lynchburg City did not include this in the original figure at
the time of the dinner. This amount is based on the number of Board Members attending this dinner.
Mr. Carter stated he has given this item much consideration and since this was an error on their part,
he is in favor of denying this request. He also stated that the Town of Appomattox voted not to pay
this additional fee.
After much consideration and discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
pay Region 2000 the additional $229.56 for the Regional Dinner Speaker with some notation
regarding their record keeping. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, nay.
Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Meeting.
The Board had expressed an interest in having Mr. Hershberg back to speak with the regions school
boards. The estimated cost for this will be $1,250.00. Is the Board still interested in doing this?