A499
to advertise in order to get the names of county residents, as well as any veterans that have moved
here since serving. They are asking for the Board’s blessings in moving forward with this project.
There was some discussion regarding placement of these plaques. The Board by consensus is in
agreement with the American Legion, Post 104 proceeding with plans as presented by Mr. Moses.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Moses.
Mr. Bill Slagle - Chairman of the Industrial Development Authority was next to address the Board.
Mr. Slagle gave an update on the industrial park and other activities of the I.D.A, including
Construction; EDA Grant Closeout; marketing Plans - VEDP & Region 2000; Prospects; existing
business (Business Appreciation Week) and I.D.A. appointments needed.
Mr. Slagle proposes that Ms. Kay Robertson and Mr. Cecil Wooldridge be appointed to the LD.A.
to replace Mr. Floyd Williams and Mr. Winfred Nash who are no longer able to serve on this Board.
Mr. Kendrick asked if anyone had any questions for Mr. Slagle.
Mr. Carter wanted to know if we were still on the timetable as first announced - a 5 years time
frame?
Mr. Slagle stated the I. D. A. was in a good position for when the economy turns around.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Slagle.
Mr. Kendrick asked the Board if they were ready to act on the two (2) appointments necessary to fill
the vacancies on the I.D.A.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Ms. Kay Robertson to a four (4) year
term to replace Mr. Floyd Williams and Mr. Cecil Wooldridge to fill the two (2) year unexpired term
of Mr. Winfred Nash. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
The Board by consensus asked Mr. Carroll to determine the costs of holding a Business
Appreciation Week Luncheon and present these at the next Board Meeting.
Mr. Kendrick next called Mr. Bill Coalson of Tri-County Appraisals to give an update on the process
of the reassessment.
Mr. Coalson gave a little background of himself and his Company. He stated the reassessment is on
schedule per contract. Mr. Coalson also stated some of the criteria he uses in assessing property,
such as market value where a property would sell higher to an outsider than to a family member per
se. The purpose of reassessment is for equalization (people to pay their fair share). To make sure
that every one is taxed fairly. 100% of market value and equalized. There are two (2) things to
evaluate when doing reassessment: (1) Condition and (2) Quality of construction.