168
This being the Annual Organizational Meeting the County Administrator called the meeting to
order at 6:00 P.M.. The invocation was given by Supervisor Moore and nominations for
Chairman of the Board for 2000 were requested.
Mr. Carwile began by stating that he would like to say to the other members of the Board that he
was not a candidate for Chairman. Mr. Carwile stated with that said he would like to nominate
one of the senior members of the Board, Mr. Russell Moore, as Chairman for 2000. Mr. Hancock
seconded the motion.
Mrs. Ferguson called for other nominations for Chairman.
Hearing none, Mrs. Ferguson closed the nominations for Chairman and called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore,
abstained.
Mr. Moore thanked the other members of the Board for their confidence and asked for their help
in the coming year. Mr. Moore then opened the floor for nominations for Vice Chairman
Mr. Kendrick nominated Mr. Carter for Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Moore called for a second.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore called for other nominations for Vice-Chairman.
Mr. Carter nominated Mr. Jerry Kendrick for Vice-Chairman for 2000 and Mr. Carwile seconded
the nomination.
Mr. Moore closed the nominations for Vice-Chairman and called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
abstained.
Mr. Moore began by saying that he would like to say at this point in the meeting that he
appreciated the election as Chairman even though this was not a position that he had aspirations
for. Mr. Moore continued that he would do the best he could to fulfill this responsibility. Mr.
Moore continued that he felt he had some shortcomings one of which was being older than the
rest of the Board members and the other was his hearing. Mr. Moore stated that if he felt down
the road that he was unable to fulfill his duties properly he would step down and let someone else
take his place.
Mr. Moore then moved forward with the organization of the Board by explaining that this would
be the time to adopt the rules of order.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt Robert’s Rules of Order Newly