476
WHEREAS, In order to qualify for assistance under State and Federal grant programs that provide
funding for such projects as regional industrial parks an amendment to the current strategic plan is
required; and,
WHEREAS, It is the intent of the Commission to incorporate this amendment, which will include
additional strategies and projects in Region 2000, as a part of the existing 5 year plan.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby adopts Amendment No. 1 to the 1997-2002 Region 2000 Regional Commission Strategic
Plan and further supports the use of this document as the planning and project implementation guide
for the Region 2000 Regional Commission participating local governments.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Moore, aye. Mr. Hancock not
present.
3. Road Naming Time Line and Work Plan: The Road Naming Committee is asking the
Board to officially adopt a schedule for completion of the road naming portion of the E911
project.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt the Committee was very dedicated to this project and was in favor of
adopting this schedule.
Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Jerry Harvey who he appointed to this committee has resigned effective
immediately, plus two of those citizens Mr. Harvey asked to serve with him have also resigned. This
leaves only one person in the Wreck Island District working on this project. Mr. Carwile will make
some calls and hopefully get these replacements soon.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Road Naming Committees Time
Schedule for the E911 Project. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye. Mr. Hancock not present.
4. Board of Building Code Appeals: Mr. Mason, Building Inspector, has asked the Board to
consider appointing a Board of Building Code Appeals to act to resolve building code
disputes that may arise between Contractor and the building official.
There was some discussion as to whether or not we really need this type of Board of Appeals
By consensus, the Board agreed to gather more information and discuss this at the next meeting on
March 5".
Mr. Kendrick presented the next item for consideration:
Consent Agenda: (Items 5 - 13)
5. Approval of Bills: The Board needs to approve the bills for February, 2001.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS: