308
Mr. Moore suggested that the Board hold its Executive Sessions following the appearances so thatthose persons appearing before the Board would not have to wait for the Board’s closed session.
Mr. Moore then called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer to update the board on VDOTactivities and address any concerns the Board may have.
Ms. Lindsay stated she did not have anything to report and the Board did not have any questions forMs. Lindsay.
Mr. Moore excused Ms. Lindsay and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated he would like to address Mr. Kendrick’s analysis from last Thursday’smeeting. He has not had the time needed to understand Mr. Kendrick’s computer analysis to whetherit is the best for the County, the school, the taxpayers and everyone involved. He still stands firm thathis proposal, if he looks at it from the taxpayers point of view, will be a better plan for the Countyand the school would still get what they wanted. He will study this further, and address this at a laterdate.
Mr. Carwile then addressed the Courthouse issue. In the past fifteen minutes he has been informedabout an article in the newspaper in reference to the Courthouse. If he understood this article, he isafraid that the public will read into this something that was not the intent, that this Board has backedoff its decision about a Courthouse. This was not his understanding from last week at all.He trusts that the public will get a true reading of what the Board intended to do.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board needed to extend the tax deadline until June 19, 2000 in order forthe Commissioner of Revenue and Treasurer to get the necessary paper work completed.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile to extend the tax deadline until June 19, 2000,in lieu of the present June 5, 2000 deadline. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter suggested that the Board of Supervisors have a work session on May 8, 2000 at 6:00 p.m.to give an overview of the Budget. Mr. Moore agreed. Mr. Carwile stated he would not be in townbut encouraged everyone else to go ahead with this work session.
Mr. Kendrick stated that the document he presented last week was meant to try to show where theBoard was at and not to make anyone look bad. The intent was to show what happens when youtake money out and get penalized by the State. He explained his position.
Mr. Kendrick also stated he had been on the Board for only 4 months and was concerned about a 10year capital improvement plan. If we have one he would like someone to come before the Board andexplain it and if we do not have one, we need one. He would also like to have the Treasurer, theCommissioner of Revenue and the County Administrator come to the meetings and give a monthly
report on the status of activities in their departments. Prior to going into any project, we should havethe right kind of support in what we are doing and where we are headed. He recommends that the