236
counties are doing the same thing. Mr. Carwile stated that he could not understand why theycould not come up with a model to meet all specifications and criteria with simple lines and thenoffer you if you wanted to pay for the little extras, why they could not come up with a school thatmeets all the criteria, meets everything that is required and offer it to the localities, maybe two orthree plans for each school, elementary, primary, middle and high schools. Mr. Carwilesuggested that this could possible be done for a cost of $500.00. Mr. Carwile continued thatthere were considerable cost associated with architects and engineers fees that really took a lot ofCounty money. Mr. Carwile asked if his suggestion made any sense? Mr. Carwile continuedthat he did not want to hear from an architect that he could not have a standard plan that couldn’tbe put in Appomattox because the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. Mr. Carwile asked ifthe Board could pass a resolution and ask the other counties to join with us and take this toVACo or wherever to see if the Board could not make inroads into accomplishing this. Mr.Carwile stated that many years ago he brought up the idea of the possibility of using tire chips indrain fields and today it is a reality.
Mr. Moore stated that it sounds good when you look at what funds the County was looking atnow for architect fees for the new elementary school. Mr. Moore suggested that these fundscould be used to pay for the school. Mr. Moore continued that the idea may be good but it wouldbe a hard sell.
Mr. Carter agreed but stated that he did not know where they would start as a Board.
Mr. Carwile stated that he realized that he had thrown out something that he didn’t expect to putto a test tonight but maybe the Commonwealth Attorney/County Attorney could check into thisfor the Board.
Mr. Carter stated that he had no problem with the Commonwealth Attorney looking into this.
Mr. Kendrick stated that nearly every major industry was already doing this. Mr. Kendrick statedthat there was no sense in building the same house over and over again with different drawings.Mr. Kendrick continued that he agreed with Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Moore called for other Supervisor Concerns. Hearing none, Mr. Moore moved to the firstAdministrative Item which was Planning Commission recommendations from the February 22,2000 public hearing.
Mr. Moore explained that the Planning Commission had recommended approvel of the threepetitions from the February 22, 2000 public hearing.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the following petitions:
Petition number 00-410 of Appomattox County to rezone property from A-1 to R-2. Property isTax Map Parcel No. 64-A-157, 64A4-1-E-11 and 64A4-15-E-45 and is located on Lee-GrantAvenue and Route 691;