62
On Monday, August 20, 2007 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox County Planning Commission held a Dinner at 5:00 p.m. and a regular
scheduled meeting at 5:30 p.m. at the Appomattox Community Center, located on
Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT (Board of Supervisors):
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Ir. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark — County Planner
At 5:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation which was followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter stated the first item of business was the Setting of the Agenda:
Ms. Ferguson stated there were three items to be added:
5A. Roano River__Basin__ Advis: Committee Appointment: Need
recommendation for someone to serve on this committee.
5B. Children at Play Sign: Mr. Moore has received a request for a “WATCH FOR
CHILDREN” Sign for Bear Branch Road, Route 686.
5C. Courthouse Theater: Transfer of Lease on the Old Courthouse Building.
The next item of business was the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
There was no one present that wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Landfill Decision: At the August 6, 2007 meeting the Board was provided with
additional information concerning the two (2) options for disposing of solid waste
generated in Appomattox County. There were numerous questions that Ms.
Rockefeller and Ms. Lynn Klappich responded to quite appropriately. If we are to
continue to meet the solid waste needs of the County, a decision is imperative in
order that we may move forward.
Recommendation: Making a decision either to open a new cell or haul our
trash out of the County as we are presently doing. If your decision is to haul
trash out of the County then do you want to make a request to the Regional
Solid Waste Authority for membership? Also, do you wish to move forward with