42]
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carwile, aye.
At 6:55 P.M. Mr, Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to recess until after the 7:00
P.M. Public Hearing.
At 7:05 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors Meeting. Mr. Hancock not present,
in Planning Commission meeting.
Mr. Moore called for Supervisors Concerns. None were presented.
Mr. Moore stated the Board has several Administrative Items to consider.
County Ball Park & Courtland Field: Mr. Carroll is presenting a proposed usage policy for the
Ball Park and Courtland Field. Prior to this, requests for the use of these properties have been
handled on a case by case basis by the Board. Under the new policy, the Recreation Department will
receive and approve these requests.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the Recreation Department be
responsible for the usage of the Ball Park and Courtland Field. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye. Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission meeting.
Community Center: The Recreation Department has requested a change in the rental fee for the
Community Center from $10.00 per hour to $20.00 per hour, effective January 1, 2001. The
Community Center Advisory Board is in agreement with this change.
There was some discussion and Mr. Carwile stated he felt the $20.00 per hour was still a modest fee.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the change in the rental fee for
the Community Center usage from $10.00 per hour to $20.00 per hour, effective January 1, 2001.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carwile, aye. Mr. Hancock still in Planning
Commission meeting.
Enhanced 911 Ordinance: Mr. Stidham has drafted an ordinance to enact the E-911 system for the
County and proposed a tax fee of $3.00 for each telephone user to provide the necessary funds for
getting the E911 Ordinance in place. The Board needs to approve the proposed tax rate and also set
a date for a public hearing to be held regarding this Ordinance.
Discussion followed with most of the board members agreeing that this is something we do not have
a choice in doing, since we only have two (2) years to implement this system.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to set the tax rate on telephone users at $3.00
and hold a public hearing for receiving comments and review of the E911Ordinance on December
4, 2000. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Hancock still in