690
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 18-24)
18. Parks, Recreation and Tourism Department: November 2004 report from
Ms. Dixon.
19. Route 664: At the Board’s request, Ms. Ferguson has requested that VDOT
look into the possibility of lowering the speed limit on certain portions of Route
664.
20. Appomattox County Public Schools: Financial Report for the schools.
21. Town Council: Agenda for Town Council meeting of December 13, 2004.
22. AWAG: AWAG has provided information concerning their activities and also
some questions for your review.
23. Robert E. Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of Board of Directors
Meeting held on October 28, 2004.
24. Appalachian Power Company Application: Appalachian Power Company
has filed with the State Corporation Commission an application requesting a
change in its Virginia jurisdictional fuel factor.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Conrad stated he received a call from Mr. Winfred Nash concerning the E-911 blue
address sign. Mr. Nash wants to remove the sign at his driveway and replace the
number on a permanent brick column. Mr. Nash further stated that Campbell County
allows this to be done. After discussing this with Ms. Ferguson, they decided this should
not be done as emergency personnel would be looking for the blue signage when
making a call.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she will research this ordinance and see if the ordinance is
specific in stating where this sign is required to be placed. We need to be firm with what
the requirements are because if we give in to one, we may as well throw the whole
thing out. Ms. Ferguson will check into this and report back to the Board at a later date.
Mr. Conrad is also receiving calls regarding dogs running across their property.
No other Supervisors had any concerns.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the Upcoming Meetings:
January 10, 2005
Organizational Meeting
Old Elementary School Cafeteria
6:30 P.M.
(NOTE CHANGE OF MEETING LOCATION)
January 18, 2005
Joint Meeting with the School Board
School Board Conference Room
7:00 p.m.