401
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to rescind the motion made at the last meetingto offer Health Care Benefits to Board Members and made a motion not to offer Health CareBenefits to Board Members at this time.
Mr. Carter has asked the Board to revisit the decision made at it’s meeting on September 18, 2000
regarding Health Care Benefits for Board Members.
Mr. Moore called for discussion on this motion.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had presented this at the last meeting as an incentive for future board
candidates and that he did not vote for it at the last meeting and would not be a part to it tonight. He
would like the citizens to know that he has always paid for his own insurance and would continue
to do so.
Mr. Moore then called for a vote on the above motion as presented. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Carroll to present the remainder of the Administrative Items.
Mr. Carroll stated that Craddock-Cunningham has presented the Certificate of Substantial
Completion on the addition to the Sheriff's Office for the Board’s acceptance and approval. Sheriff
Staples concurs with this certificate and sees no reason why the Board should not accept it.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board accept and approve the
Certificate of Substantial Completion for the Sheriffs addition as presented by Craddock-
Cunningham. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
The Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration Committee is requesting the Board take a sponsorship
position for this years celebration with a donation. Proceeds from this celebration will benefit the
Mission Empowerment Program at the Jesus Center for Refuge and Hope.
There was some discussion on this subject, with the majority of the members in favor of continuing
with past actions to donate to this project. There is money in the budget for such donations.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to donate $500.00 to the Martin Luther King,
Jr. Celebration Committee. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carroll next informed the Board that the Regional Dinner for Region 2000 will be held on
October 18, 2000 at 6:00 p.m. at the Holiday Inn Select on Main Street, Lynchburg, Va. The cost
will be $28.38. How many of the Board Members are interested in attending. All members plan on
attending.
Mr. Carroll has spoken to Mrs. Virginia Fratrick regarding reappointment to the CVAAA Advisory