185
proposed changes to the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance concerning intensive livestock
operations. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Sears and Mr. Lewis if they would be prepared to make a presentation on
the proposed changes at the public hearing?
Mr. Sears and Mr. Lewis agreed to prepare a presentation on the changes for the hearing on the
28" of February 2000.
At 6:55 p.m. Mr. Moore recessed the meeting until after the two public hearings.
Mr. Moore reconvened the meeting at 7:20 P.M. after the TEA 21 public hearing and the zoning
public hearing.
Mr. Moore stated that Mr. Hancock was in the Planning Commission meeting and the other
members of the Board would continue with the agenda items until Mr. Hancock could rejoin the
meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the members of the Board that the School Board had scheduled January
27, 2000 at 7:00 P.M. in the school board conference room for the meeting with the elementary
school architect.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Wayne Phelps representing the Historical Society to appear before
the Board.
Mr. Phelps explained that his reason for appearing before the Board was because March was the
Historical Society’s month to plan an event in celebration of the seventy-fifty anniversary of the
Town of Appomattox. Mr. Phelps continued that the Historical Society would like the use of the
Courthouse for tours four times during the month of March. Mr. Phelps also stated that the
museum would be open and talks would be given at the statue and the mausoleum.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone had any input on this subject?
Mr. Carter asked if it were absolutely necessary to use the Courthouse for this event?
Mr. Phelps stated that the reason for the use of the Courthouse was to give talks on the portraits
that hung on the Courtroom walls.
Mr. Kendrick asked if this would be open to the general public?
Mr. Phelps stated that it would be open to the public.
Mr. Carter stated that he was concerned with the security of opening the Courthouse and that he
felt the Judges should be apart of the decision making process involving the use of the