94
different County Administrators over the years and nothing has been done. He has
talked with Mr. Abbitt, who indicated he would be willing to sell four (4) acres joining
the site in order to move the dumpsters back further. Something needs to be done to
remedy this situation.
Ms. Ferguson will look into this.
Mr. Carter then returned to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
2. Hazardous Duty Employees Benefit Changes:
During the last legislative session the General Assembly passed an enhancement
option to the VRS package for hazardous duty employees. This change would
allow local governments to adopt a resolution incorporating this enhancement
into their employee benefits package. I have had several police officers ask me
about this benefit, therefore, I am bringing it before you for consideration. This
option would cost the locality approximately $3,000.00 annually to provide this
additional benefit to law enforcement only.
Recommendation: Staff recommends considering the request for the
additional retirement benefit for law enforcement.
Mr. Craft had a question regarding the statement that “the added rate would apply to
your entire covered payroll, not just your hazardous duty payroll.” Why would we have
to pay this for other employees?
Ms. Ferguson answered that it has always been that way. We are not paying it for other
people, it is just that the rate is assessed on your whole payroll. When we went into
LEO it worked the same way. They could probably break it out and each locality would
have two (2) rates, but instead, they just apply it to the whole payroll. This is just a
simpler process.
The Compensation Board will reimburse the Sheriff's part of this but not any deputy
positions.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt
the following resolution, effective November 1, 2007.
Pol. Sub. — Section 138 Covered Employees
Retirement Multiplier of 1.85%
WHEREAS, by resolution legally adopted and approved by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, a political subdivision, participates in the Virginia Retirement System under §51.1-
130 of the Code of Virginia, as amended; and
WHEREAS, by resolution legally adopted and approved the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors has elected to provide the enhanced benefits described in §51.1-138, subsection B to
selected public safety employee groups, such benefits being referred to collectively as “Section
138 Coverage”, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia General Assembly passed legislation effective July 1, 2007, allowing
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to elect to provide for its employees with Section 138