269
that he was concerned with the safety issue and asked the Board to not approve the proposed changeto the ordinance to allow the use of rifles in Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Charles Elliott to come before the Board.
Mr. Elliott began by giving his address as the Town of Appomattox. Mr. Elliott continued that he
was not concerned about himself but was concerned for the safety of his grandchildren. Mr. Elliott
stated that they lived in a rural area in Evergreen and he would be concerned with rifles being used
around their home. Mr. Elliott continued that he felt that hunters want to use rifles so that they canride the roads and shoot deer in fields. Mr. Elliott stated that he had hunted most of his life and thathe did not feel that it was necessary to have a rifle to hunt he felt that shotguns were sufficient.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Robert Winston to come forward.
Mr. Winston gave his address as Route 4, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Winston began that he had
pulled military time too and he went on to explain the difference in the military bullets that were
used and the bullets that were used for hunting purposes. In closing Mr. Winston stated that he felt
they should be able to use rifles.
Mr. Moore then recognized Mr. Butch Harris.
Mr. Harris came forward and gave his address as Route 1, Spout Spring, Virginia. Mr. Harris stated
that he was in favor of hunting with rifles and wanted to point out that irresponsible people can hunt
with shotguns also.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Lannis Selz.
Mr. Selz gave his address as Route 1, Spout Spring and stated that he was not sure if he was for or
against this change. Mr. Selz continued by providing the Board with information concerning the
difference between shotgun pellets and high powered rifle bullets. Mr. Selz continued that when
people did comparisons with other counties you should do the comparison completely. Mr. Selz
proposed that hunting with dogs was not allowed in most counties that allowed rifles. Mr. Selz
continued that there was a lot of difference in hunting with rifles and hunting with shotguns. In
closing Mr. Selz asked the Board to carefully consider all the facts prior to making a decision.
Mr. Moore then called on T. E. Moore, Jr. to appear before the Board.
Mr. Moore gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia and that he was here on behalf of
twenty-five farmers and landowners. Mr. Moore stated that he was a Appomattox county farmer and
that he and the people he represented were in favor of a rifle ordinance. Mr. Moore continued that
sixteen more farmers had signed his petition since he entered the Courtroom. Mr. Moore stated that