354
the 2000 Plan and make suggestions for the 2001 plan. Mr. Knopp offered to answer any questionsregarding the Chamber’s work.
There was much discussion and questions regarding the Regional Tourism efforts.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Knopp for his presentation.
Mr. Moore stated that Ms. Barbara Bennett, who was scheduled to speak to the Board regardingRegional Renaissance, had been delayed.
Mr. Moore asked for Supervisor’s Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore moved to the next item on the agenda, Approval of Bills.
Mr. Carter had some concerns regarding the bills. There is a part-time salary paid to the EmergencyServices Coordinator charged to the Miscellaneous suffix. Mr. Carter would like to see this itemmoved to Part-Time Salaries.
Mr. Carter made motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to move Emergency Services Coordinator’ssalary from Miscellaneous to Part-time Salaries. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approval the bills as presented. VOTE:Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Board needs to appoint a representative to the Central Virginia Disability Service Board to fillthe unexpired term of Aileen Ferguson. This term will expire October 31 , 2001. Does anyone wishto suggest a replacement to this Board. This item was tabled until another meeting.
Mr. Moore explained that the Planning Commission has recommended approval of the petitionsheard on June 19, 2000:
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve petitions #00-432 - Phillip &Jeannie Yuhas; petition #00-432 - Thomas W. Oliver; petition #00-433 - SBA Inc; petition #00-434-Dennis L. Boone and petition 400-425 - Courtland Realty as recommended by the PlanningCommission. Petition #00-430 - Edward & Pearl Walker was approved on 6-19-2000. VOTE:Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented the following supplemental appropriations to the Board:a) Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partners: $2,133.33 from the IDA Bond account toGeneral Revenue Fund for fees related to Sheriff's Department addition.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the supplemental appropriation toCraddock-Cunningham Architectural Partners in the amount of $2,133.33. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.