006
Mr. Bosiger called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to take the other members of the Board back
several years to when the Town put the well at the Community Center. Mr. Carwile
continued that it was his understanding that the Town agreed to cut the grass at the
Community Center for the County allowing them to place a well on this site. Mr.
Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if she would check into this and report back to the Board.
Mr. Carter explained that as he remembered it when the Town gave the County the
ballpark they also turned over the grass cutting of the ballpark and the Community Center
to the County.
By consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson check with the Town on this
matter and report back at the next meeting.
Mr. Carwile then reported that he had met with the Community Center Board of
Directors concerning the problems with the basketball area. Mr. Carwile stated that he
had checked with the Sheriff concerning the problem that had occurred at the Community
Center and felt that it was an isolated incident.
Mr. Carwile continued that the Community Center Board had recommended that the
Board of Supervisors ask the Sheriff to have his department patrol the Community Center
on Saturday and Sunday between the hours of 4:00 to 8:00 P.M. Also, that no trespassing
warrants be issued against those that are causing trouble.
Mr. Carwile in closing asked the Board not to be too drastic with their actions.
Mr. Moore asked if this was an isolated incident or an ongoing thing?
Mr. Carwile stated that it was an isolated incident but there was some foul language,
alcohol use and indecency going on.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Torrence stated that he would like to welcome Mr. Jerry Kendrick and Mr. Jesse
Hancock to the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger began that he would like to give a brief report on the meeting with the
Emergency Services Committee. Mr. Bosiger continued that he felt the meeting was very
productive and that the Fire Department was going to formulate a plan for constructing a
building to house the fire trucks and have a meeting room and share the training facilities
in the rescue squad meeting. Mr. Bosiger explained that the hope was that they could
construct their building on the rescue squad lot. Mr. Bosiger also stated that the fire