voting that took place in the County he felt that he would have to go along with Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Kendrick continued that he felt the Board should honor the wishes of the voters.
Mr. Hancock stated that basically he felt the same way that Mr. Kendrick felt that during his
campaign that the citizens of the County were looking for a change. Mr. Hancock stated that he
felt Mr. Puckett should have this position as in the past the Commonwealth Attorney had held this
position.
Mr. Moore stated that his position was that no where in the Board rules and regulations did it say
that they had to have the Commonwealth Attorney as County Attorney and he personally would
like to see Mr. Lawson remain County Attorney. Mr. Moore continued that Mr. Lawson had
done a good job for the County and there was nothing in the rules or regulations that said they
had to have the Commonwealth Attorney serve in this position. Mr. Moore continued that he did
not feel that the job of County Attorney was ever considered to be connected with
Commonwealth Attorney the Board could have had any attorney they chose for this position.
Mr. Moore then called for a vote:
Vote: Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Lawson addressed the Chair and asked if he could address the Board.
Mr. Moore acknowledged Mr. Lawson’s request.
Mr. Lawson began that he just wanted to say that he had enjoyed the past 16 years that he had
served as County Attorney. Mr. Lawson continued that he liked the job and that he did it the best
that he could. Mr. Lawson in closing thanked the Board for their comments and past support.
Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Lawson and stated that he had enjoyed working with him and that he
would miss him.
Mr. Moore once again called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the minutes of the regular
meetings of December 6, 1999 and December 20, 1999; public hearings of December 6, 1999 and
December 20, 1999 as submitted. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next called for approval of the bills of January 10, 2000.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the bills of January 10, 2000 as
submitted. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer to appear before the