Mr. Carwile stated he had many concerns but would address only a couple of them.
He questioned Mr. Carroll regarding the repairs to the plaster wall in the Courtroom. He had
confronted Mr. Lovelace, who was doing this repair, as to who had authorized him to do this work.
He was concerned with the difference in the estimated and the actual cost. Also why was this work
being done in light of the controversy on the Courthouse Renovation Project?
Mr. Carwile next addressed Mr. Kendrick regarding comments he had received in connection with an
article that appeared in the Lynchburg newspaper on Monday and also the Appomattox paper
regarding a statement that Appomattox County was operating in a deficit. To his knowledge the
County has never been in the red.
Mr. Kendrick responded that the reference was to an operating deficit only.
At 6:55 p.m. Mr. Kendrick stated that it was necessary to go into a closed session in accordance with
ยง2.2-3711.A.7 and ยง2.2-3711.A.1 to discuss the Courthouse litigation and also a personnel matter
(performance review).
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed session to discuss the
Courthouse litigation and a personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 9:10 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to return to regular session.
Mr. Kendrick read the following statement:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711.A.7 and section
2.2-3711.A.1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a legal matter and a personnel
matter.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
Icall the question: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
At 9:12 p.m. Mr. Hancock had to leave the meeting.
Mr. Kendrick called attention to the Administrative Items: (Items 1 - 6)
1. Planning Commission Membership: At a public hearing earlier in the meeting, the Board
received comments on the proposed changes to the membership makeup of the Joint
Planning Commission as recommended.