39/
closed session in accordance with Section 2.1 -344.(A).1 of the Code of Virginia-personnel matters
for consideration and interviews of perspective candidates for the position of Landfill Supervisor.
At 6:09 Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed session to discuss
a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion at by Mr. Hancock at 7:45 p.m. seconded Mr. Mr. Carter it was resolved that the Board
return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Hancock seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened aclosed meeting this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a certification by
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) on public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
closed to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
On October 2, 2000 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s regular meeting at 6:00
P.M. at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
The Board of Supervisors also met jointly with the Appomattox County School Board at 7:00 P.M.
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: — Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Dan Siegal - County Attorney