213
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on February 22,
2000 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox,
Virginia.
Present:
Russell H. Moore - Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Darrel Puckett - County Attorney
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Jack Hance with the Census bureau to appear before the Board.
Mr. Hance thanked the Board for the opportunity to come before them to talk about the census.
Mr. Hance gave a brief background for the census and explained the importance of the census for
Appomattox County. Mr. Hance then asked the Board for their support in getting the people to
return their forms so the county could get an accurate count. Mr. Hance also explained that he
needed the Boards help in recruiting people to help gather the information on the citizens that did
not return their census forms. Mr. Hance again thanked the Board for their support.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Hance and called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that several weeks ago the Board had asked Mr. Carroll to look into funds to
help the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department with their renovation project. Mr. Carwile asked
Mr. Kendrick if he had an opportunity to look into this matter.
Mr. Kendrick explained that he was working with Mrs. Ferguson on this at the present time.
Mr. Carwile then stated that for the past several weeks he had read the media, both local and
Lynchburg, with much concern. Mr. Carwile continued that the one thing that caught his
attention was the term “unethical”. Mr. Carwile stated that this did not set too well with him