440
There was much discussion regarding this.
Mr. Moore called for a motion to approve. Hearing none, he moved to the next item on the agenda.
7. Town/County Tourism Committee:
The Board at it’s last meeting agreed to appoint a tourism committee to evaluate opportunities for
increased tourism promotion. Mr. Kendrick was suggested to serve as the member from the Board
of Supervisors and Ms. Anne Dixon, Recreation Director was suggested as the citizen representative.
There was discussion and by consensus it was determined that Ms. Dixon would not be an
appropriate appointee due to her employment with the County. The Board agreed that the citizen
appointee would be appointed by the other four committee members at their first meeting.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that Mr. Kendrick be appointed to serve on
the Tourism Committee as the representative from the County to evaluate opportunities for increased
tourism promotion. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. David Garrett, Town Manager is asking for suggestive dates for meeting with Frazier &
Associates for the Tourism Committee. Dates suggested were January 1 1" and January 16", 2001.
8. Cellular Tower Building Permit Fees:
Presently the Building & Housing Fee Schedule for the County does not include a standard fee for
towers, antennas and similar structures. Surrounding counties have provisions for these fees. Do we
want to establish these?
There was some discussion regarding establishing a fee as additional revenue source.
By consensus, the Board decided to table this to a future meeting.
9. Administrative Update:
Mr. Carroll asked if there were any questions or explanations needed regarding his report.
There were none. The Board members agreed it was self explanatory and overall a good report.
Mr. Moore next called for discussion on the Consent Agenda: (items 10-15)
10: Approval of Minutes:
Minutes of August 3, 2000; Davenport & Co., LLC; Regular Meeting of August 7, 2000; Regular
Meeting of August 21, 2000; Interviews for County Administrator of August 24, 2000; Regular
Meeting of September 5, 2000; Regular Meeting of September 18, 2000; Public Hearing of
September 18, 2000; and Interviews for Landfill Supervisor of September 29, 2000.
11. Approval of Bills:
Bills presented for the month of December, 2000.
12. Administrative Actions