199
indeed have another project in the future and asked the Board to consider holding the money for
Country Haven Estates in an escrow account bearing interest if Country Haven Estates agreed
with this proposal. Mr. Carroll stated that he could contact Country Haven Estates about the
possibility of them requesting another project, but unless the money would be transferred back to
VDOT within a week or two, he would recommend that the Board pay the money to Country
Haven Estates when the funds were received from VDOT. A consensus of the Board was
reached that it would be better to pass the funds on to Country Haven Estates rather than hold the
funds.
Mr. Moore thanked Ms. Lindsay for her comments and excused her. Mr. Moore then asked Lee
Hood Capps, Executive Director of the Central Virginia Planning District Commission
(CVPDC), to appear before the Board.
Mr. Capps approached and stated that he had a folder for each Board member containing
information on the CVPDC and that he wanted to go over this information to remind former
Board members of the services provided and to introduce the new Board members to the CVPDC
services. Mr. Capps explained the role the CVPDC had played in several projects involving
Appomattox County, the Town of Appomattox, and the Town of Pamplin. These projects ranged
from grant development & support to 2000 Census preparation. Mr. Capps concluded his
comments and asked if there were any questions from the Board. Mr. Kendrick asked a question
regarding the Foreign Trade Zone listed in the packet. Mr. Capps explained the difference
between a Foreign Trade Zone and a Free Trade Zone and the benefits that a Foreign Trade Zone
can have for businesses. Mr. Moore thanked Mr. Capps for his appearance and the information
he had provided.
Mr. Moore then asked for Jack Wayne Burks to appear before the Board. Mr. Burks approached
and stated that he had a concern that he felt the Board could help with regarding the amount of
litter on the County’s roads. Mr. Burks stated that the Town of Appomattox had a trash tax and
he felt the County should impose some type of similar tax, especially on bottles and fast food
containers. Mr. Burks also stated that he had to pick up trash on his property every weekend.
Mr. Burks stated that if the County was serious about tourism and selling itself to industrial
prospects it would have to address this problem.
There was some discussion between Mr. Burks and the Board concerning the actual
implementation of such a program. Mr. Burks stated that he had not figured out how this could
be done, but he felt that the Board could possibly develop a method. Mr. Moore thanked Mr.
Burks for his comments and excused him.
Mr. Moore then stated that Rodney Barnes was next on the agenda, but that he did not see Mr.
Barnes in the Courtroom, so the Board would proceed down the agenda. Mr. Moore asked for
the other Board members to turn their attention to the additional items and called for Jimmy
Drinkard to appear before the Board.
Mr. Drinkard approached the Board and stated that he had asked to be on the agenda to discuss
the Courthouse. Mr. Drinkard stated that he had a conversation outside the Courthouse with