249
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mr. Aubrey Padgett came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Vera, Virginia. Mr. Padgettbegan that he was a hunter, a NRA certified rifle instructor and NRA hunting rifle coach. Mr.Padgett continued that the children in Appomattox are taught rifle safety through the NRA, 4-Hand through the Hunter’s Education Program. Mr. Padgett stated that one of the things that istaught is to know your target and what is beyond. Mr. Padgett explained that to know your targetat three or four hundred yards most high powered rifles had high optic scopes in order that theymay see clearly what is three or four hundred yards away. Mr. Padgett stated in closing that hewas definitely in favor of having rifles because he felt they were going to be a lot safer thanshotguns.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Mrs. Ellen Jamerson came forward and stated that she lives at Route 727, Appomattox, Virginia.Mrs. Jamerson began that she came before the Board to speak against the repeal of thisordinance. Mrs. Jamerson continued that she walked through the woods around her house andshe would be afraid during hunting season to walk these areas if hunters were allowed the use ofhigh powered rifles. Mrs. Jamerson stated that hunters were usually the victims of most of theaccidents and that she felt the more high powered rifles that were out there the more victims therewere going to be. Mrs. Jamerson stated that she was concerned with children being taught at anearly age how to use a gun. She continued that when she was growing up there were guns aroundher home but they were kept locked away from the children until they grew up and were taughthow to use them. In closing Mrs. Jamerson again stated that she was against this change.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mrs. Ferguson to read the letters that she had received for theBoard of Supervisors.
Mrs. Ferguson read the following letters:
March 14, 2000
To: Appomattox County Board of Supervisors:
I was shocked to read in the Times Va. that high powered rifles may become legal in the County.In two years I plan to build on my farm in the Stonewall area. My children and grandchildren -as well as my wife and I would certainly not be able to move around outside during hunting
season. Currently the hunters in that area shoot from the road and hunt constantly on my postedland-If the problem will be greatly exacerbated. Keep in mind, bullets can travel 300 yardseasily-shotguns are bad enough and they may carry 50 yards or so. Gun safety may not even be afactor. Even the best placed shot can ricochet. The argument regarding black powder is notreally valid due to a much lower number of people who are in the woods and fields during blackpowder season.