662
Ms. Pamela Goodman, Stage Road, Spout Spring, Va. - Ms. Goodman stated that
they pay their taxes and feel this tower is not bothering anyone and they should be
allowed to have it on their property.
Mr. Spencer called for additional comments in favor of this petition.
Mr. Spencer asked if anyone wished to speak in opposition to this petition.
Mr. Shawn Armburst read into the record the following letters:
October 5, 2004
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
Enclosed you will find a copy of letter that was sent to FCC on September 30, 2004.
The letter will explain my problems that I am having with the flickers and dim downs,
from 9-4-04 to 9-28-04, As of 10-04-04, we are still having problems.
Mr. Goodman told me what the height of tower and antenna was, now I understand he
told John Spencer something different. The tower and antenna is shrinking day by day.
The dimension now is 52’ on tower, 8’on antenna per John Spencer on 10-5-04.
Also, I would like for you to ask Mr. Goodman this. If his ELDERLY (old people he calls
us) parents or grandparents were living beside him, would he SABOTAGE their TV, like
he is doing ours.
Thank you
Jerry R Harvey, Sr.
Virginia C. Harvey
Also:
October 18, 2004
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
In addition to the letter submitted to the Board of Supervisors about out TV
interference, this TOWER and ANTENNA is a BLIGHT to our subdivision. We would like
to see the TOWER and ANTENNA be ELIMINATED.
This TV interference constitutes an absolute INFRIGEMENT upon our CIVIL rights. My
wife and I have a right to watch our TV without CB interference. Under Amendment 1
of the United States Constitution, we have a right to exercise our freedom of speech and
oppose anyone who uses a base unit in their home or CB radio on a vehicle that is using
so much POWER that it bleeds in to a neighbor's TV.
There are too many Conditional Use Permits being issued in Appomattox County. Some
of these permits need to be tested by the courts for accountability. Some permits are
justifiable.
It is my wish that, this permit be denied.
Jerry R. Harvey, Sr.
Virginia C. Harvey