be tabled until the Board could get a few things straight on this,
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not pick-up on what Mr. Moore had said.
Mr. Moore stated that some members of the Board would like to table this for tonight in order tobe able to do a little more evaluation on this request.
Mr. Carwile asked if this was Just from Mr. Moore or was it from the Board?
Mr. Kendrick stated that he would like to see this tabled for right now, at least until the nextmeeting, in order to allow the Board time for research.
Mr. Carter stated that he agreed.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had no problem as long as it was from the Board.
Mr. Moore explained that an executive session was necessary under code section 2.1-344(A)(3)real estate.
Mr. Carwile stated that he wished to include personnel in the executive session also under codesection 2.1-344(A)(1).
At 9:02 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into executive sessionto discuss a real estate and personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 10:12 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the Board ofSupervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was adopted:WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executivemeeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordancewith the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires acertification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executivemeeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board ofSupervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which thiscertification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors