220
Mr. Moore reconvened the meeting at 8:12 P.M. and turned the attention of the Board to item 10
on the agenda. Mr. Moore explained that Mr. Caldwell was meeting with the Board to try to
explain the problem with this request.
Mr. Moore continued that the request was being made from Mr. Alton Dalton for a special
exception to the subdivision ordinance to allow him to divide property on a private drive and
give to his daughters.
Mr. Caldwell explained the requirements of the Subdivision Ordinance and why this particular
type division could not be approved under the family exception.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Caldwell should look into
this to see if there was any way to approve this request. It was also suggested that Mr. Caldwell
contact VACo to see if they know of a solution to this problem.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Caldwell and presented a request for a supplemental
appropriation for the payment on the Health Department/Administrative Office roof project.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $33,525.00 to pay the next
payment on the Health Department/Administrative Office roof project. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from the steering committee that is working on the
TransDominion Express for a donation from the County to help pay a lobbyist to support this
issue with the legislature.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve a $500.00 donation to be
applied towards a lobbyist to support the TransDominion Express. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then asked Mrs. Ferguson to report to the Board on the two public comment sessions
that were held on the proposed Community Park.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the sessions went well and that the majority of the people who
came out and commented were interested in seeing separate fields for the soccer program. Mrs.
Ferguson continued that there were several people who came from the Youth Association and
they were mainly concerned with the Football fields, baseball fields and softball fields. Mrs.
Ferguson also explained that the comments were all positive and people were very excited that
this was finally becoming a reality. In closing Mrs. Ferguson explained that she felt that a lot of
good input had been received and the next step would be to hire someone to do the engineering
work and layout the fields.
Mr. Moore next presented a sample resolution that had been drafted in support of the Lighthouse
of Love Outreach Center. Mr. Moore stated that there had been some suggestions that this matter