652
originally looked at had two (2) bolts, and stronger posts than the ones that were finally
installed. The present signs have only one bolt. He is extremely upset of the number of
these signs that are missing. He feels that the County should publish in the newspaper
the cost to anyone who steals or otherwise damages these signs. The County is going
to be paying for the replacement of these signs.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. O’Brien for his comments. The Board is aware of this problem
and they have been looking into ways of salvaging these signs and what can be done to
prevent future destruction.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Board.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter moved to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. Architectural Services of Animal Pound: We have received two (2)
proposals for architectural services for the animal pound. Both firms were
interviewed and we feel that Dominion Seven, Blair Smith, was by far the more
suited to design the Appomattox facility. Mr. Smith has an excellent knowledge
of our present facility and a good understanding of what we want in a new
facility.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that she had today received a letter from the State
asking for a time line on this facility so they can follow the progress.
Mr. Conrad has talked with Mr. Smith and he feels that Dominion Seven can provide us
with the best possible facility for the best price.
Mr. Craft stated this is something we have to do and we should move on it tonight.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to enter into a contract with
Dominion Seven to provide design services for the new animal shelter. ROLL CALL
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Halloween Trick or Treating: At the last meeting there was some discussion
as to whether or not to move the trick or treating for Halloween from Sunday
night to Saturday night. Most of the surrounding localities are not going to
move the trick or treating for kids. Their Boards and Councils feel this is too
confusing for everyone and only causes kids to be out both nights. Appomattox
Town Council will follow the Board of Supervisors lead in this matter.
The Board by consensus, decided to leave the celebration of Halloween as it is according
to the calendar.
3. Building Permit Fees for Sheriff's Department: The Sheriff is requesting
that the building permit fees be waived for an air conditioning unit that is being
installed in the jail kitchen.