14
because different ones that had written letters to the editor were using this term. Mr. Carwile
continued that when this term came up it struck him as to what was really behind this remark.
Mr. Carwile stated that it went back to a meeting that was held and after executive session the
Board came out and conducted business of the County as usual. Mr. Carwile continued that he as
one Supervisor would like to say that the people in attendance left the Courtroom of their own
volition. Mr. Carwile continued that they returned from executive session and were addressing
finances of the County that is very dear to his heart to do the right thing that the people put the
Board members there to do. Mr. Carwile continued that he only wanted to remind the citizens
that the Code gave the Board the authority to conduct business of the County as long as they have
three members in attendance. Mr. Carwile in closing stated that he did not know how other
members of the Board felt but he did not take what was said in good taste. Mr. Carwile asked if
any other Supervisor had comments on this matter?
Mr. Kendrick addressed the Chair and stated that he had written a statement because he did not
want what he said to be misconstrued or taken out of context. Mr. Kendrick began that he was
going to recommend that the Board issue a protest letter to the News & Daily Advance for their
misleading articles and their malicious attack on the integrity of the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors designed to excite the audience but not to inform the public. Mr. Kendrick
continued that the Board meeting of February 7, 2000 was legal, open and did have an agenda
item, financial forecast, under additional agenda items. Mr. Kendrick continued that for the
citizens of Appomattox who felt that the Board did this or gave the perception, the Board did not
intend for that to happen. Mr. Kendrick continued that the Board was sincerely concerned about
the finances and that was all they were concerned with. Mr. Kendrick stated that he was aware
that the media had a field-day with this matter and he was sorry to the citizens for the Board
having played a part in allowing this to goon. Mr. Kendrick assured the citizens that the Board
was there to do the County’s business. Mr. Kendrick continued that he did not like being made
fun of and he was sure that the School Board felt the same way. Mr. Kendrick stated that to
follow up these comments he would like to apologize to the School Board and the School
Administration and his fellow Board members for his ignorance concerning who is responsible
for determining the future use of the old elementary school.
Mr. Kendrick continued that in addition to this he would like to make a motion that the Board
rescind the request/requirement conveyed by his fellow Board member Sammy Carter as a result
of their February 7, 2000 meeting, that the school administration find a use for the old elementary
school prior to moving forward with the construction of the new elementary school.
Mr. Kendrick stated that he would like to take this requirement away. Mr. Kendrick continued
that he was the one who came up with this requirement because he felt in all honesty that the
school administration had occupation and he felt that it would be fair if they helped find a use for
the old building. Mr. Kendrick stated that he would be more than willing to help in any way that
he could to find a use for the old building. Mr. Kendrick continued that he would also like to
propose that a committee be formed to plan the use of the current elementary school with the sole
objective being to minimize the tax burden to the citizens of Appomattox County be the time the
new elementary school is complete. Mr. Kendrick stated that this gives us plenty of time to
resolve the issue and reduce the tax burden. Mr. Kendrick continued that if any of the Board had