ol
(en)
Ww
Mr. Moore, aye.
There was no business conducted from the Closed Session.
Mr. Kendrick called the Boards attention to the Administrative Items (1-6) of the Agenda.
1. Victim/Witness Advocate: (two items for consideration)
a. Virginia Crime Victims Rights Week: Mrs. Freshwater is asking the Board to establish
April 22TM - April 28" as Virginia Crime Victims Rights Week in Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to establish April 22" - April 28" as Virginia
Crime Victims Rights Week and pass the following Proclamation.
PROCLAMATION
WHEREAS, America’s victim’s rights discipline has had a powerful impact in educating our nation
about the devastating effects of crime and victimization, and the need to provide support and
services to individuals and communities hurt by crime; and
WHEREAS, victimization rates in the United States are the lowest recorded since the inception of
the National Crime Victimized Survey in 1973; and
WHEREAS, there were still nearly 29 million people in America who were victimized by crime last
year; and
WHEREAS, the year 2001 marks the 25" anniversary of the Victim Impact Statement, which helps
our criminal and juvenile justice systems better understand the psychological, financial, and
physical impact of crime on victims, and hold offenders accountable for their criminal and
delinquent actions; and
WHEREAS, the voices of our nation’s victims have had a powerful effect in changing laws,
policies, and attitudes to promote victim’s rights and services, and encouraging every person
in America to take a stand and help crime victims; and
WHEREAS, important partnerships have been formed among criminal and juvenile justice
agencies, allied professionals, victim services, and the private sector to ensure that crime
victims are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve; and
WHEREAS, our nation’s commitment to crime victim assistance grows stronger with each passing
year, with over 10,000 system-and community-based programs in place to provide help and
hope to victims of crime;
BEIT, THEREFORE, RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors proclaims
the week of April 22 - 28, 2001, to be Appomattox County, Virginia Crime Victims’ Rights
Week, and celebrates victims’ voices as an important chorus for fairness and dignity; and