lop)
i
Whereas, the Board considers comments received during these public hearings when deliberating about the
issues facing the County and also considers ongoing input from citizens during the deliberation period, and
Whereas, the Board recognizes that this input is both desired and necessary to perform its function for the
citizens of Appomattox County and that adequate time is needed to duly consider the input from citizens, and
Whereas, the Board also recognizes the need to conduct the County’s business in an orderly and effective
manner and that the Board has a limited amount of time during meetings to conduct official business,
Whereas, the Board provides for public hearings and public comment in accordance with the Code of Virginia,
1950, as amended, and
Now therefore be it resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors instructs the Clerk of the
Board to accept written correspondence regarding issues under consideration through the Wednesday
preceding a regularly scheduled Board meeting and also instructs the Clerk to deny requests for placement on
the Board’s Agenda to discuss issues previously addressed in a public hearing,
And be it finally resolved, that the Board of Supervisors reserves the ability to schedule additional public
hearings as may be desired in order to provide the public with additional input on issues of concern to the
County, and individual Board of Supervisors members may instruct the Clerk of the Board to place an
individual on the Board’s Agenda if in the opinion of that Board member the individual has additional
information that will aid in the Board’s decision making process.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick next called attention to the Consent Agenda: (Items 7 - 10)
7: Approval of Bills: Approval of bills as presented including manual check written for postage
for reassessment mailing.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS:
8. Sheriffs Department: Supplement line item 3102-1002 - Regular Overtime by $1,274.21 to
reflect payment received by the department for working special events.
9. Library: Supplement line items 7301-5401 - Office Supplies by $257.20 and
7301-5411 - Books by $296.12.
10. Landfill: Supplement line item 4204-5415 - Safety Supplies by $500.00 to reflect grant funds
received from VML for safety equipment.
INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 11-15)
11. Landfill Inspection Report: Landfill Report for October 7, 2001
12. Town Council Agenda: Councils agenda for their November 13" meeting for your
information.
13. Porter House Road: Letter from Verizon stating they will not be able to waive the fees
associated with certain improvements on this road.