321
Mr. Craddock stated that the Judges first priority is security.
Mr. Kendrick revised his motion to have Mr Puckett to speak with the Judge about the phasing
in proposal. Mr. Carter seconded the motion. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr
Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Puckett will call Mr. Moore and Mrs. Ferguson after talking to the Judge.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Craddock.
Mr. Moore explained an executive session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 legal
issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 -personnel matter.
At 6:50 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick at 7:05 P.M. seconded by Mr. Hancock it was resolved that the Board
of Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Hancock, the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive meeting this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business
matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed
in the executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
executive matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:05 P.M. the Board of Supervisors recessed until after the Public Hearing
At 7:38 P.M. the Board of Supervisors meeting reconvened.
Present: Mr. Moore, Mr. Kendrick and Mr. Carter.
Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission meeting.