399
At 6:25 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile at 6:55 P.M. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an closed meeting
this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of
the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was
conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore then recessed the Board Meeting until 7:00 P.M. at which time the School Board and the
Board of Supervisors will hold a joint meeting.
At 7:02 P.M. Mr. Moore called the recessed meeting of the Board of Supervisors back to order and
Mr. Pickett called the School Board Meeting to order.
Mr. Moore stated that the purpose of this joint meeting was to discuss what the Board of Supervisors
feels they can do toward the financing of the new elementary school. He then turned the meeting
over to Mr. Kendrick for him to relay the feelings of the Board to the members of the School Board.
Mr. Kendrick stated that the Board could proceed with the new elementary school project within
certain financial constraints. Mr. Kendrick gave a synopsis of the report prepared by Davenport
regarding the County’s financial outlook. He will later put a motion on the floor proposing a cap on
the elementary school at 9 million dollars ($7.5 million from the Literary Fund and $1.5 million from
other sources). He will further propose that the funds expended to date for the project, that is; land,
architectural fees, and other services, be deducted from the $9 million loan amount and be placed
in a capital reserve account to help reduce the tax burden on the citizens of Appomattox.
How is this going to effect our taxes? Right now based on the Davenport Report we will be able to
reduce the $.80 cents real estate tax rate to $.65 cents in 2002, not completely negating the effect of
the assessment, but bring it within $.03 cents. Since we cannot grow capital that quickly we may