78
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the following resolution from
VDOT regarding adjustment required in the secondary system — Route 659 and Route
26.
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has provided this Board with a
sketch depicting the adjustments required in the secondary system of state highways as a result of
Project 0659-006-P15,N501, which sketch is hereby incorporated herein by reference,
WHEREAS, the new road serves the same citizens as those portions of old road
identified to be abandoned and those segments no longer serve a public need, and
NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, this Board hereby abandons Segment BD
as part of the secondary system of state highways, those portions of road identified by the sketch
to be abandoned, pursuant to Section 33.1-155, Code of Virginia.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virginia Department of
Transportation to add Segment BA to the secondary system of state highways, those portions of
road identified by the sketch to be added, pursuant to Section 33.1-229, Code of Virginia, and
BE IT FINALLY RESOLVED, this Board orders that a certified copy of this resolution
be forwarded to the Residency Administrator for the Virginia Department of Transportation.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Austin commented that he has spoken to Ms. Ferguson today on the subject of the
Photo Red Lights — the ones with cameras that detect persons who run red lights. He
quoted the criteria for installing this type of light. The main criteria is one per 10,000
people. Therefore, none of the traffic lights in Appomattox County would qualify.
Ms. Ferguson stated that we have been placing a lot of the “Watch for Children” signs
recently. There is an option in the Code that will allow the locality to pay for this and
the installation out of the Secondary Road Construction money. Appomattox County has
never exercised this option, we have always taken the position that if an individual felt it
was necessary for these signs to be put up, the community would pay for the purchase
of the sign and the installation costs. Someone at VDOT had given Mr. Moore some
different information, that there would be no cost to the citizens, that the cost would
come from the County's money. That is not the case here, we have always taken the
position that the individual citizen would bear the costs and she has never had anyone
complain. We find out what the cost will be from VDOT and then pass that information
along to the individuals involved. This is not free to the citizens — if they wish to have a
sign put up, the individual or community will be responsible for the cost.
Ms. Ferguson has also received a complaint regarding the patching that has been done
on Route 605. They feel the present gravel conditions are unsafe.
Mr. Carter then called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
submitted its recommendations from the Public Hearing held on August 20,
2007: