061
Mrs. Susan Shutt
Mrs. Alimond-Odell Chambers
Mr. Herbert E. Fleshman
Mrs. Laura McClenny
Dr. Krug
Mr. Bosiger then called for a five-minute recess prior to meeting with Sheriff Staples.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting and called on Sheriff Staples and Deputy Letterman
to appear before the Board.
Sheriff Staples began that he understood that the Board had wished to speak with him
concerning the Resource Officers at the schools handling truancy matters. Sheriff Staples
continued that he did not feel that truancy was a law enforcement issue but a school issue.
Sheriff Staples explained that he had checked with other localities to see how they
handled truancy and they had told him that they had visiting teachers to handle truancy.
Sheriff Staples explained that his officers were not trained to deal with this type of issue.
Sheriff Staples then asked that he be allowed to use two (2) of the old police cars that are
scheduled to be replaced for the truancy officers. Sheriff Staples stated that he felt there
would be a minimal cost associated with keeping these vehicles in service and that the
benefits would more than outweigh the cost.
Discussion followed as to the benefit of keeping these vehicles in service and as to the
daily schedule of the resource officers.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow Sheriff
Staples to keep two old cars for the use of the resource officers and to appropriate
$5000.00 to the Sheriff's budget to pay maintenance cost on these vehicles. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Sheriff Staples and Deputy Letterman and called for
Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Torrence began that he would like to address the reason that most everyone was
attending the meeting. Mr. Torrence stated that as he saw it the bottom line was that the
Board was going to spend at least 10 million dollars by either building a new school or
renovating and adding on to the present facility. Mr. Torrence continued that equates this
to approximately $1350.00 for every day that the Board delays. Mr. Torrence also stated
that for everyday that the Board delays it puts the children in this present school for
another day. Mr. Torrence stated that there had been several public input sessions and he
felt that all the information had been received concerning this project. Mr. Torrence
asked the Board if everyone was ready to vote? Mr. Torrence continued that he would
like to make this decision as soon as possible for the children.