113
at 4.75% . This will not cost us any money, it is just a formality all the jurisdictions
must vote on.
Recommendation: Staff recommends adopting the Central Virginia
Community Services Board Resolution.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board (“CVCSB”) wishes
to purchase property known locally as 618, 620 and 717 Court Street,
Lynchburg Virginia, which property includes the property known as the
Courtland Building (together the “Courtland Building Premises”) on the terms
more particularly set forth in a Real Estate Purchase and Sale Contract dated
September 14, 2007, between Courtland Services, L.P., Seller, and Central
Virginia Community Services Board, Buyer, @ copy of which Real Estate
Purchase and Sale Contract is attached hereto as Exhibit I.
WHEREAS, the Contract to Purchase contains a provision making
CVCSB’s obligation to purchase the Courtland Building Premises expressly
contingent upon CVCSB obtaining the approval of the terms of the Real
Estate Purchase and Sale Contract by a resolution duly adopted by the Board
Members of the Central Virginia Community Services Board.
WHEREAS, the Board of Central Virginia Community Services Board finds
it is in the best interest of CVCSB to enter into and perform the Real Estate
Purchase and Sale Contract upon satisfaction of all the contingencies set
forth therein.
WHEREAS, BE IT RESOLVED that Central Virginia Community Services
Board is authorized and directed to enter into and perform the Real Estate
Purchase and Sale Contract, dated September 14, 2007, attached hereto as
Exhibit 1, for the purchase of the Courtland Building Premises, subject to the
satisfaction or waiver by Buyer of all conditions precedent set forth therein.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that Nancy E. Cottingham as Executive
Director of Central Virginia Community Services Board is authorized and
directed to execute the Real Estate Purchase and Sale Contract on behalf of
CVCSB, and to take all further steps and execute such further and additional
documents as are reasonably necessary in order to perform CVCSB's
obligations under said Real Estate Purchase and Sale Contract.
See Board File for Exhibit 1.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye (5 aye votes)
5. Revision to amend and readopt Section 170-34 — Conditional Uses,
Agricultural District A-1 in the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance: