629
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Carter stated the first item for discussion was the Setting of the Agenda: There
were no additional items to be added.
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen Public Comments: This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizens.
No one had anything to be discussed.
Mr. Carter presented the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 11)
1. Request for Musical/Entertainment Festival Permit: The Appomattox
Moose Lodge is requesting permission to hold a turkey shoot on Sunday, October
24 and Sunday, November 7, 2004 and have the bond requirement waived.
Everything appears to be in order.
After some discussion regarding the time and if there was anything pertaining to holding
these events on Sunday, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve
the request by the Appomattox Moose Lodge to hold a turkey shoot on Sunday, October
24" and Sunday November 7", 2004, to begin no earlier than 12:00 noon. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1
absent)
2. Mobile Telecommunications (cell phones)Tax and Repeal of “c” Section
147-19 of the Utility Tax Ordinance: The proper procedure has been
followed for enacting or changing an ordinance. There were no comments
received at the public hearing held on August 16, 2004 concerning the ordinance
change.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the Enactment of a Tax on
Mobile Telecommunications (cell phones) Article XVI-Section 147-19 of the Appomattox
County Code. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to Repeal “C” section of 147-19 of
Article XVI of the Appomattox County Code, which states “The monies raised from the
above tax is for the operation of the sanitary landfill and solid waste disposal”. VOTE:
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1
absent)
3. Application for Fireworks Permit: The Town of Appomattox is requesting a
permit to hold a fireworks display at the John Cole Farm on Route 727, on
October 9, 2004 at 8:00 P.M. in conjunction with the Historic Railroad Festival.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Fireworks Permit
application from the Town of Appomattox for a fireworks display on October 9, 2004 at