373
Mr. Austin informed the Board that the contract for the Industrial Park access road has been
awarded.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Austin and called the Sports Complex Committee to appear
before the Board.
Ms. Anne Dixon and Mr. Dale Campbell came forward to represent the Sports Complex Committee.
Mr. Campbell stated the Committee would like to know the status of the new sports complex.
Weare in need of baseball and soccer fields. They cannot continue to get the youth of the County
involved in sports without the proper fields for practice and tournament participation. They have had
someone from Richmond look at the proposed property and make recommendations. They realized
that the financial situation is rather tight at the present time but would like something drawn up so
some preliminary plans can be done. Mr. Campbell made reference to the property that was given
to the County by Mr. Bill Jamerson several years ago to be sold and the proceeds used for athletic
fields and feels this money should be use for the development of the Sports Complex.
Mr. Campbell feels we have come a long way in providing sport activities for the youth with the help
of civic groups. If we do not provide our young people with something to get involved in, they will
continue to roam the streets without any real purpose for the use of their time.
Ms. Dixon stated that the entire complex does not have to be developed at this time. They are
desperately in need of baseball, football and soccer fields.
Mr. Carroll informed the Committee and the Board that there were a couple of grants available for
use. There is a soccer grant from the United Federation of Soccer and VDOT has funds for the
recreation access road funds. The Soccer Federation Grant is either a percentage or matching fund
grant, whereas the VDOT recreation access road is 100%, but these both require a plan in place.
Ms. Dixon feels that Appomattox County has businesses that would be willing to donate supplies
and services, once things are definitely in place to proceed with the Complex.
Mr. Kendrick stated from what he was hearing was that the Sports Committee was asking the Board
to give them the funds necessary to get a study done and some preliminary plans drawn up in order
to proceed with the realization of this project.
There was much discussion regarding what can be done at the present time.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate the money from the Jamerson
property to pay for a study and plans and also prepare a Request for Proposal for the development
of these plans. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore thanked Ms. Dixon and Mr. Campbell for their time and interest in the future of our
young people.