195
Mr. Conrad stated that several Electoral Board members have contacted him and want to
give the Registrar an increase. He explains that she has worked for sixteen years and has
never ask and never been granted an increase except through the state. Mr. Conrad stated
that compared to surrounding counties she has worked longer, and the surrounding
counties have given increase within the County itself added to what state had given.
Mr. Conrad stated the Electoral Board stated that the Registrar does outstanding work and
they are looking for her an increase to bring her in line with the surrounding counties.
Ms. Ferguson stated that initially she had heard that the state was not giving any salary
increases, she is now hearing that they are considering a two percent salary increase. Ms.
Ferguson stated that she just wanted to remind the Board that this would be all local
money none from the state.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the County can anticipate an eight percent increase in health
insurance.
Mr. Conrad stated that he noticed that in some departments it went a lot lower than last
year. Ms. Ferguson stated that is due to last year we added a certain percentage and when
the actual amount came in it was lower than expected and instead of adjusting the budget
this was left in the line items and could not be spent on other items.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the actual cost of health insurance will not be know until
possibly August and the budgets may be adjusted at that time.
Ms. Ferguson next explained that a new department has been created for IT. Ms.
Ferguson noted that a lot of the figures for this budget have been pulled from other
departments. Ms. Ferguson stated that John Spencer would be able to better explain this
budget.
Mr. Conrad questioned in developing this IT budget are we hiring an employee. Ms.
Ferguson stated that a new person would not be hired. John Spencer will continue to be
over this department with the help from Mr. Wingfield, Mr. Roark and Mr. Watkins. Ms.
Ferguson stated that there has been some money put in this budget to hire outside help for
the things that our employees would not be able to do.
Mr. Conrad questioned if we would be able to meet the demands of anything that would
come up with amounts that has been budgeted.
Ms. Ferguson next explained that another department has also been added for Erosion
and Sediment Control. Ms. Ferguson explained that half of these expenses will be
coming back to the County’s revenue from Nottoway County.
Ms. Ferguson also mentioned that Juvenile Detention Budget has increased and there is
no way to determine the amount needed as this is determined by the Judge. Also, the