680
ABSENT: (Town Council)
Joyce Bennett
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. Overstreet — County Attorney
Roxanne Mundy — Town Clerk
David Garrett —- Town Manager
At 7:10 p.m. Mr. Spiggle called the joint work session to order and stated this was a
joint meeting to hear an update on the Water Study Project. This is not a Public
Hearing. All of the information will be compiled and presented at a February 25"
proposed meeting. After this date, both bodies will set a date for a public hearing prior
to a decision being made.
Mr. Spiggle made a suggestion that if Board members or Council members have any
questions that they put them in writing and give them to either Mrs. Ferguson or David
Garrett to allow Mr. Gillespie and Mr. Rogers time to answer these questions and
prepare an update for February, 2005 meeting.
Mr. Spiggle then turned the meeting over to Mr. Bill Gillespie of the Region 2000
Commission and Mr. Jeff Rogers, an Engineer presently working with the Region 2000
Commission.
Mr. Gillespie stated that tonight they wished to bring everyone up to date on what had
been discussed previously and also to discuss another possible alternative and what this
alternative might bring to the table. The main objective of tonight’s presentation is to
be sure everyone is on the same page, a little background on the studies that have been
looked at and some of the alternatives that have been placed on the table. They would
also like to answer some of the questions that have been asked and give you the
opportunity to give any input that you may have and other questions that you may
want answered prior to making your decision, one way or the other. No decisions have
been made. They are still in the data gathering stage and will continue to do so into
next year. The purpose of tonight’s meeting is to be sure they are on the right tract with
what the two governing bodies want them to do and what information they need to
bring back to the next meeting.
Mr. Rogers discussed the information contained in the handout, presented a slide
presentation, as well as a brief history of the studies that had been previously done.