ALSO PRESENT: — Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
Don Austin - Resident Engineer, VDOT
Milton Thacker - Assistant Resident Engineer, VDOT
Cathy Arrington - VDOT
At 6:15 p.m. Mr. Kendrick opened the recessed meeting of October 15, 2001 and turned the
meeting over to Mr. Don Austin of VDOT.
Mr. Austin began by thanking everyone for coming, stating that by having the meeting at the
Residency Office makes things a lot easier.
Mr. Austin also stated that there was not a lot of changes in the Six Year Plan from the previous
years unless the Board had some changes they wished to present. Three unpaved roads were
added. Route 735 has been added as a temporary road with work to begin next year. Route 659
off of Route 26 was also added. This road will require some drainage structure and preliminary
engineering that will take approximately two years. The third unpaved road was added, Route
675, a one mile section on the Evergreen end. There were no regular projects added this year.
Routes 608 and 641 were already on the books and they will require some major costs, along
with Route 604.
The next big project is Route 641. Once the preliminary design is completed, they will hold a
public hearing to receive public comments. This will probably be a year from now.
Mr. Austin asked if anyone had any questions. He complimented the Board on having such a
good working relationship with VDOT.
Mr. Carter questioned the status on Porter House Road.
Mr. Austin commented that at the present time there is some ongoing deed work being done.
One resident has purchased additional land and the road will be relocated. It will probably be
spring before any work is actually done on this project.
Mr. Austin next discussed the unpaved road traffic count and the unfunded paved roads
improvement list and the estimated cost for the unpaved road priority funding.
There was some discussion regarding the placing of the E-911 Road Name signs.
Mr. Stidham stated that a meeting would be scheduled with representatives from the Town of
Appomattox, and VDOT in the near future.
Mr. Austin stated that because of new environmental restraints things are taking a little longer.
They have had to go back and readjust other projects as well as work on the current ones.
Mr. Carwile stated he had received complaints regarding a bump/dip on Route 26 near Bent