178
Next item of discussion was Administrative Item #2 Budget Preparation Schedule for
FY2009. Ms. Ferguson stated that all budget meetings scheduled would be held in the
County Administration Building and the Public Hearing would be held at the Community
Center. On March 10" the meeting will begin at the County Administration Building,
and then move across the street to the School Board office while they present their budget
and then return to County Administration Building.
Chairman Craft called for any questions or concerns with the budget schedule as
submitted by Ms. Ferguson.
Ms. Ferguson stated if the Board had no problems with this schedule that the dates would
be advertised.
Chairman Craft presented Administrative item # 2 —- Region 2000 Services Authority.
Mr. Craft explained that what needed to be done at this meeting would be approve the
$27,000 to pay for the cost of preparing documents to include Appomattox County in the
Regional Solid Waste Authority.
Mr. Conrad feels that in the long run this is going to save the County money, although he
questions as to whether the Board will need to be attending other locality Board meetings
as had to be done with the Regional jail.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Board would not have to attend other locality Board
meetings to gain approval to participate.
Mr. Tanner stated that at the Local Government Council meeting that he attended,
everyone was looking forward to Appomattox County’s participation.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve supplementing the $27,000 to the landfill budget to
pay for the cost of preparing documents to include Appomattox County in the Regional
Solid Waste Authority. Mr. Carter seconded the motion. Chairman Craft called for a roll
call vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner,
aye.
Next item for discussion will be Adoption of Equalization Deadline Ordinance. Mr.
Carter made a motion to adopt the ordinance to provide application and disposition
deadlines for the Board of Equalization to have hearings. Mr. Tanner seconded the
motion with no discussion. Chairman Craft called for a vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Next item of discussion was Appointments to the Board of Equalization. Chairman Craft
explained that the Board has named three members to serve in this capacity. Chairman
Craft stated that Mr. Dennis Torrence, has agreed to serve from the Appomattox River
District; Mr. Dan Herncall has agreed to serve from the Falling River District and Mr.
Ben Marshall has agreed to serve from the Courthouse District. The Board still needs
appointments from the Wreck Island District and Piney Mountain District.