30
Ms. Liz Hackett, 152 Vera Lane, Appomattox, VA: I am an adjoining land owner
and a member of the Vera Worship Center. I ask you to please approve the petition to
allow the Cornerstone Christian Academy use of our facilities for a temporary school for
the 2007-08 school year.
Randy Reeves, 457 Red House Road, Appomattox, VA: I think these two
petitions are a step towards the overall plan to fill the buildings available in the county.
I support these requests and ask that you consider approving both the Vera Church of
God, Conditional Use Permit and the Lawson Family, LLC Zoning Variance and
Conditional Use Permit to provide the Cornerstone Christian Academy use of both of
these facilities.
Freddie Lawson, 663 Fairwood Place, Appomattox, VA: I wish to address the
Lawson Family's request for a Zoning Variance and Conditional Use Permit for their
property located on Route 460 west. This building has about 25,000 square feet of
space and has been vacant for about ten (10) years. They also own most of the
adjacent properties. This will be a great location for the Christian school.
Brent Hackett, 446 Wildway Road, Appomattox, VA: I am an adjoining property
owner. I have seen my church just about empty for the past eight years. We show up
on Sunday and there might be 20 to 25 people present. We pray and we fast that we
may serve the community. It has just been a building looking for people. When we first
discussed having the school, the first thing that came to my mind was, we have this big
building and this would be a good match. I also have a daughter that is enrolled in
Cornerstone Christian Academy and if you would have told me nine months ago, that my
daughter could read almost a good a me, and the things she has learned just blows my
mind. He is here in support of his daughter, his church and his county. Thank you.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak in favor of these petitions.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak against these petitions.
Hearing none, Mr. Roark read the next petition.
RZ07003 — Wayne and Sylvia Phelps, P. O. Box 386, Appomattox, Va:
Applicants are requesting to rezone property located on the south side of Route 460
(Richmond Highway) from Residential District (R-1) to Commercial District (B-1). The
property is located on Route 647 (Spout Spring Road) and is approximately 0.66 acres in
size, Tax Map #62(A)58.
Mr. Roark called for comments for or against this petition.
Mr. Steve Conner stated he was not going to speak or vote on this petition because he
owns the adjoining property.
RZ07004 — Burruss Conner Properties LLC, P.O. Box 1091, Appomattox, VA:
Applicant is requesting to rezone property located on the south side of Route 460
(Richmond Highway) from Residential District R-1 to Commercial District B-1. Property