—_I
133
minus three (3) feet from the pre to post construction. Basically, the lot elevation would
remain the same as it is presently.
Mr. Craft questioned the elimination of three (3) feet off the bank.
Mr. Roark replied that it was the Kennon’s goal to have this height so they would be
visible from Route 460. The only place there would be considerable grading would be
where the actual building will be placed.
The Planning Commission in recommending the landscaping, felt that the beautifying of
the gateway was more in line with what the Comprehensive Plan stated was what
needed to be done along this area, taking into account the Business Corridor and all of
that. Not necessarily blocking those homes, but it will provide a visual distraction to the
eye. Even if there is a secondary entrance on Phoebe Pond Road, there will not be as
much commercial traffic on this road.
Mr. Armbrust totally agrees with the beautifying of this area, but is there any
consideration on non-operable vehicles. More than two or three non-operable vehicles
constitutes a junk yard. He thanks the Planning Commission for their recommendations
but he is still concerned about the one (1) year to pave the premises and feels the dust
will be a problem.
Mr. Conrad thanked the Planning Commission for their consideration of this issue and
feels they have done a good job. We can disagree, but we cannot continue to playing a
game and sending this back for further review. He feels that the undesirable site view
will be dissipated as soon as the trees grow to maturity.
Mr. Armbrust still feels that the citizens wishes should be considered. He does not feel
they should be given the period of one (1) year to asphalt the lot. But if this is what the
Planning Commission is recommending, he will have to go along with it.
Mr. Craft feels that the asphalting needs to be done before the weather gets too cold
and they cannot do this.
Mr. Carter stated that taking into account everything that has been stated tonight, he
still feels that the dust issue should be taken care of, the residences were there first. He
thinks they should definitely pave this area within six (6) months, not given one (1) year
to do so.
Ms. Ferguson asked if the one (1) year period was from the date of approval or one (1)
year from construction of the building, as these time frames could be totally different.
Mr. Roark stated that is something that should be considered. This is usually considered
from the time of the issuance of the Certificate of Occupancy, as we do not know when
they will start construction.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Planning
Commission recommendation of CUP-07006 — James W. Kennon Auto Sales, with