77
On Tuesday, September 4, 2007 at 6:30 p.m., the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held its regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox Community Center,
located on Community Lane, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A, Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
John G. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Armbrust to deliver
the invocation, after which everyone was invited to join in the Pledge of Allegiance to
the American Flag.
Mr. Carter called for the first order of business: SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
There were no additions or deletions to the agenda.
Mr. Carter next called for CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENT PERIOD: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
No one came forward to speak at this time.
The next item on the agenda was APPEARANCES:
Don Austin, VDOT Resident Administrator: Mr. Austin meets with the Board
requesting a resolution accepting adjustments to the secondary system of state
highways in the County. Mr. Austin will also discuss the status of the bridges in the
County per your request of August 7",
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Austin to give a report on the conditions of bridges in the County
following the bridge collapse in Minnesota.
Mr. Austin stated that there are about eleven (11) bridges of this type in Virginia. None
are located in Appomattox County. They are mandated to inspect all bridges every two
(2) years. There are 112 structures in Appomattox County. Eight (8) of these are
considered deficient — below 50% rating. Two (2) are scheduled for replacement. The
Route 636 bridge, which is the worst, has been reduced to a 9 ton limit.
Mr. Austin explained that the resolution presented tonight was for re-locating a short
piece of road at the intersection of Route 659 and Route 26.