92
Alternative #3; The Board of Supervisors may approve the conditional use permit with
the following conditions:
(1) From a point near the southeast corner along Phoebe Pond Road and
running southwesterly along the property line for its entirety, a 25-foot buffer
shall be installed. Contained in the buffer area will be Leyland Cypress trees
planted twenty (20) feet on center (approximately 43 trees). Plantings shall
be a minimum of five (5) feet tall at the time of planting. Required plantings
shall remain alive and in good condition in perpetuity. Planting should occur
during an optimal planting season. No buildings, structures or impervious
surface of any type Is permitted in the buffer area, other than what is
necessary to achieve a satisfactory entrance to Phoebe Pond Road.
Additionally, the display of automobiles in the buffer zone is prohibited.
(2) All area to be used for the display of and/or storage of automobiles and all
Customer parking areas shall be paved within one (1) year of the issuance of
the certificate of occupancy. The paved surface may be either asphalt or
surface treatment and shall be determined at the discretion of the owner.
Alternative #4: The Board of Supervisors may approve the conditional use permit with
the following conditions:
(1) From a point near the southeast corner along Phoebe Pond road and running
southwesterly along the property line for its entirety, a 25-foot buffer shall be
installed. Contained in the buffer area will be large deciduous trees planted
fifty (50) feet on center (approximately 12 trees). Plantings shall be a
minimum of five (5) feet tall at the time of planting. Additionally, a mixture
of six (6) small evergreen and small deciduous shrubs shall be planted in
creative groupings around or near each tree (approximately 72 shrubs),
Required plantings shall remain alive and in good condition in perpetuity.
Planting should occur during an optimal planting season. No buildings,
structures or impervious surface of any type is permitted in the buffer area,
other than what is necessary to achieve a satisfactory entrance to Phoebe
Pond Road. Additionally, the display of automobiles in the buffer area is
prohibited.
(2) All areas to be used for the display of and/or storage of automobiles and all
customer parking areas shall be paved within one (1) year of the issuance of
the certificate of occupancy. The paved surface may be either asphalt or
surface treatment and shall be determined at the discretion of the owner.
Mr. Carter asked about the trees being planted in the optimal season — if they do not
survive, are they to be replaced. Also, none of the parking spaces along the buffer
zone, are to be utilized until the trees are actively growing and satisfy the conditions as
stated.
Mr. Roark stated it would be his responsibility to see that these conditions are met.
Mr. Craft stated you may see that the shorter trees will work better along the bank, If
the bank remains.
Mr, Roark stated he did not know at this time if the bank would be graded or not.