(op)
PO
Mr. Carwile began that first he would like to say that the Board is under no mandate as to
the time that this decision must be made. Mr. Carwile continued that secondly he would
like to say that there has been much input and much concern from the people from day
one with this project. Mr. Carwile stated that just prior to tonight’s meeting he had been
faxed a lot of additional information from Fauber that he had not had time to digest. Mr.
Carwile explained that he would not be part of making a decision until he had time to
digest the information that had been provided. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to
say that all the concerns of all people have made it difficult to know what is the right
decision. Mr. Carwile said that he would like to see this decision put off until a later date
in order for him to further digest all that he had heard.
Mr. Carter stated that his position had not changed.
Mr. Moore stated that he was not ready to make a decision at this meeting.
Mr. Bosiger began that he had been trying to take all the information and work on it and
that it seemed that there are four groups involved in this process. One group would like
to build a new school. One group would like to protect the heritage. One group would
like to renovate the school because they think it would be cheaper and one group is
undecided about what would be best to do. Mr. Bosiger explained that he had been trying
to look at the information that the architect had provided and research other related
information. Mr. Bosiger continued that one of the things that he had looked at during
his research was the student population over the past ten years to see how the student
population had changed. Mr. Bosiger stated that what he had discovered was that we had
about the same number of students this year that we had in 1972. Mr. Bosiger stated that
he did have some concerns with some of the cost figures that had been presented. Mr.
Bosiger in closing stated that he was not prepared to vote on this issue at this time.
Mr. Torrence stated that due to all the time that the Board had spent on this matter he felt
that this Board should make the decision. Mr. Torrence continued that he felt that this
was the Board’s responsibility and he hoped they would be ready to make a decision as
soon as possible. Mr. Torrence stated that he would like to see the decision made prior to
the election.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had any suggestions as far as making sure that the Board had
given everything a fair look?
Mr. Carwile stated that he did not agree with Mr. Torrence. Mr. Carwile continued that
he felt this was a decision that should be made by the new Board. Mr. Carwile stated that
he strongly felt that was the right way to go. Mr. Carwile continued that if this were not
acceptable to the Board that he had no problem actually saying that this should be on a
referendum on November 3, 1999 and let the people decide the fate of this issue.
Mr. Carwile made a motion that this be put on a referendum and let the people decide the
fate of this issue.
aa