60
employees attended at the CVC Satellite.
19. Region 2000 Update: _ Enclosed is a newsletter from Region 2000 for your
review. This is a good way to keep informed of various activities that are
occurring throughout the region.
20. Certifications: In order for the County to continue to receive certain funding
from the State and Federal Governments in regard to Homeland Security, most
of our supervisors are required to pass several courses concerning Incident
Management. Barry Watkins has passed the first course of the three that he is
required to take.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Conrad: Several weeks ago we went to Farmville and met with a couple of
Delegates and Representatives from Richmond as to budget issues with the School
Board. We learned quite a bit. With approximately 56% of our budget going to the
operation of the school system, we looked at what some of the counties in larger areas
have to give to their students. He would like to suggest that the Board of Supervisors
have a joint meeting with the School Board on October 22, 2207. This is the first
meeting of the School Board that would be convenient for us.
He also attended a recent meeting concerning Youth Obesity. Our schools are doing a
lot in this area,
Mr. Craft: Social Services are providing a food pyramid to participants in the food
stamp program.
Mr. Carter: With the tragedy in Minneapolis, Minnesota last week, he believes it was a
wake-up call for all Americans about the serious risks posed by aging infrastructure
within the United States. Whether we citizens think about it or not, at some point in our
daily commutes, we more than likely have to cross a bridge — whether it be to go to
work, to go to a store, to go to school, to visit loved ones, or to reach our homes. In so
doing, we naturally expect to be safe and secure as we pass across a bridge.
To insure that such a tragedy does not take place in Appomattox County, he would like
to request that Ms. Ferguson contact Don Austin, with the Virginia Department of
Transportation (VDOT), to inquire if there are any bridges in Appomattox County that
could pose safety concerns. If so, the Board can take appropriate measures to rectify
the situation.
Ms. Ferguson will contact Don Austin to find out if there are any bridges that need
repair.
PCOMING MEETIN
Regular Scheduled Meeting
Monday, August 20, 2007