140
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to extend the bond for another two
years at an additional cost of $250.00. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Slagle then explained that also pertaining to the access road was an amendment to
the original VDOT agreement that would allow for the final grading of the entrance road
to be performed in the same construction contract as EDA construction grant. Mr. Slagle
explained that this would allow the County and the IDA to maximize its funding.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following addendum:
THIS ADDENDUM is made and entered into on this------- day of --------- , 1999, by and
between the County of Appomattox (COUNTY) and the Commonwealth of Virginia,
Department of Transportation (DEPARTMENT), to the Agreement dated June 28, 1999,
by the aforementioned parties for Project 0751-006-206,N501. The terms of this
addendum shall be incorporated in said Agreement as if fully set forth therein.
Paragraph A.4.—revise the paragraph to read “Provide plans, specifications, cost
estimated and related contract documents to the DEPARTMENT for approval prior to
commencement of construction of Project 0751-006-206,N501. Project 0751-006-
206,NS01 is described as the construction of a new access road 0.08 mile in length from
its intersection with Route 26 and the widening of Route 26 to provide turn lanes from
both directions into the Appomattox Industrial Park. Procurement of services associated
with development of project plans and construction shall be pursuant to the Virginia
Public Procurement Act and other applicable statutes and regulations. Plans shall
specifically identify the contract items and the estimated quantity of such item. Any such
item(s) eligible for financing from the Industrial, Airport and Rail Access Fund shall be
so designated on the plans or otherwise identified and agreed upon by the
DEPARTMENT. Project costs incurred or project services contracted prior to April 15,
1999 will not be considered eligible for reimbursement from the Industrial, Airport and
Rail Access Fund allocation.”
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, such party hereto has caused this Addendum to be executed
in its name and on its behalf by its authorized officer as of the day, month and year first
hereinabove written
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Slagle explained that the next item for action involved a requirement for EDA grant
funding that a Countywide Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy Committee
be appointed by the Board with a specific membership that would include involvement
from a wide spectrum. Mr. Slagle explained that the purpose of the committee would be
to draft a comprehensive economic development plan for the County that would be due
by June 2000. Mr. Slagle explained that it might be appropriate that Andy Carroll work
with the formation of this committee and report back to the Board.
A general discussion followed concerning the make-up of the committee.