(b)
108
(3) The schedule of rates for emergency ambulance transport services by the
Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and
EMS, Inc. shall be based on a schedule as may be set by resolution by the
membership of the Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and the
membership of the Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. from time to
time.
(4) The Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire
and EMS, Inc. shall adopt appropriate rules and policies for the
administration of the charges imposed by this section, including and not
limited to, payment standards for those persons who demonstrate
economic hardship, as established by this ordinance.
Billing.
(1) Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and
EMS, Inc. or its agent shall generate a bill for ambulance transports whose
point of origin is within the boundaries of Appomattox County performed by
all ambulances operated by an agency licensed and chartered in Appomattox
County by the Commonwealth of Virginia and mentioned in section 21 .6(b)
above. Organizations are required to submit information required for the
Volunteers or their agents to generate a bill for such services. Appomattox
County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. will
not generate a bill for ambulance transport by organizations mentioned in
21.6(b) above that would be considered humanitarian assistance (meaning
activities not undertaken as a result of a call for emergency assistance to the
Appomattox County Public Safety Communications Center). Due to the fact
that patient care information is highly confidential under several state and
federal laws, Call Sheets/Patient Care reports will remain the responsibility of
the agency responding to individual calls. Information shared under this
subsection shall be that information reasonably necessary to accomplish the
billing process or other arrangement as mutually agreed to by the providing
agency and Appomattox County.
(2) Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and
EMS, Inc. may generate a bill for ambulance service in their primary
response area of organizations mentioned in 21.6(b) above in adjoining
localities by separate agreement between Appomattox County, the
adjoining locality, and the organization.
(3) No organization mentioned in 21.6(b) above that is licensed and chartered
in Appomattox County by the Commonwealth of Virginia may bill for
services without the prior consent of the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
(4) Fees and responsibility for payment. Payment of all charges for
ambulance services, including evaluation, treatment or ambulance
transport, shall be the responsibility of the patient or the parent, guardian,
or other legally responsible party in the case of a minor or an individual
deemed incompetent.