122 .
(2) Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc, may generate
a bill for ambulance service in their primary response area of organizations mentioned in 21.6(b)
above in adjoining localities by separate agreement between Appomattox County, the adjoining
locality, and the organization.
(3) No organization mentioned in 21.6(b) above that is licensed and chartered in Appomattox County
by the Commonwealth of Virginia may bill for services without the prior consent of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
(4) Fees and responsibility for payment. Payment of all charges for ambulance services, including
evaluation, treatment or ambulance transport, shall be the responsibility of the patient or the
parent, guardian, or other legally responsible party in the case of a minor or an individual deemed
incompetent.
{c} Billing process. Patients will fall into one of the following categories for billing purposes.
(1) Insured through third-party health insurance company, Medicare, Medicaid, and is a resident of or
employed in Appomattox County. The appropriate health insurance carrier will be billed. A
resident of Appomattox County or persons employed in Appomattox County will not be
responsible (invoiced) for co-payments, co-insurance, deductibles, or other similar payments.
(2) Insured through third-party health insurance company, Medicare, Medicaid, and is not a resident of
or employed in Appomattox County. The appropriate health insurance carrier will be billed. Any
applicable co-payments, co-insurance, deductibles, or other similar payments, may be billed to the
patient.
(3) No insurance and is a resident of or employed in Appomattox County. The patient will be billed
for services with no further action for collection.
(4) No insurance and is not a resident of or employed in Appomattox County. A bill may be sent to
the patient transported. If the individual has the financial ability to pay, then payment of the
outstanding charges is required. If the patient can demonstrate a financial hardship and qualifies
for reduced payments pursuant to subsection (c), then the patient shall be eligible for a reduction of
the amount of the charges due.
(a) Billing contractor. Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc.
may contract with a third-party for billing and related services. :
(e) Ability to pay program.
(1) This program establishes an equitable fee setting policy for those situations where the patient is
unable to meet the ambulance transport charge because of demonstrated financial hardship.
(2) The Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc. shall
establish “an ability to pay” scale and eligibility criteria for individuals who can demonstrate
financial hardship and receive a reduction in the charges owed.
(3) Whena patient is billed for a transport and because of limited financial resources or assets, a
procedure is hereby established for such patients to apply for a reduction in the charges due.
(4) A patient representing that there exists a financial hardship will submit information sufficient to
determine such hardship. If it is determined that payment of the emergency ambulance transport
charges creates a financial hardship. Charges due may be reduced or waived according to the scale
as may be established by the Appomattox County Rescue, Inc. or the Pamplin Volunteer Fire and
EMS, Ine.
(f) Collections, Billing subscription services, and collection policies and services will be established by
Appomattox County Rescue Squad, Inc. and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc.
For state law authority, see VA. CODE ANN. Section
32.1-111.14 (Cum. Supp. 2006).
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA:
6. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.