093
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick acknowledged the Dixie Youth 9 and 10 year old All Star Baseball Team on winning
their Championship. After reading a Proclamation approved by the Board at its September 4"
meeting, Mr. Kendrick presented a framed copy of the Proclamation to Ricky Harris, Coach and
congratulated them on their accomplishment. Each member of the team was also presented with a
copy of the Proclamation.
Mr. Kendrick next called on Ms. Beverly Ayers, Executive Director, Work Force Investment Board
to address the Board.
Ms. Ayers gave a brief statement regarding the Work Force Investment Board and provided the
Board with a brief update on the services they are delivering to Appomattox County citizens. It is
areplacement for the Private Industry Councils. They actually starting enrolling clients in December
2000. They have two boards: one consists of the Chairman of the Board of Supervisors for eleven
(11) counties, along with the County Administrators. In addition, each County will have three
representatives, Appomattox’s being, Garet Bosiger, who represents business; Victor Meadows who
represents Labor and one vacancy, representing the private sector.
Ms. Ayers presented each of the Board Members with a handout on the services of the Workforce
Investment Board.
The Workforce Investment Board serves adults, anyone 22 years of age or older, at workforce centers
where they receiving training if they need it. If they have a skill, we try to work with them to find
a job using the skills they have. If they cannot find a job, then we will offer training in another field.
After a short question and answer session, Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Ms. Ayers.
Mr. Kendrick then asked Mr. James. Blanks, of JLB Publishing to address the Board. Mr. Blanks
is asking the Board to consider placing an advertisement in a visitors guide for Virginia’s Retreat
(Lee’s Retreat).
Mr. Blanks began by reading a letter that was sent to various localities giving an overview of what
their intents are and what they are trying to accomplish. These guide books will be distributed to
Hotels, Motels, Visitors Centers, Chambers of Commerce, etc. where visitors may visit throughout
the region. The publication will also serve as a relocation guide for anyone considering relocating
to our county.
The cost of this advertisement will be due and payable after the publication has been printed and
distributed. Approximately 30,000 copies of this publication are distributed twice a year.
Several Board Members had questions for Mr. Blanks.