657
Jerry Hughes
Marvin Mitchell
Robert Johnson
Barry Morris
Shannon Dews
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)
Jim Sefter
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing and read the following statement:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions and
concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the Appomattox
County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that the public hearing is
not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions. Discussion will take place
during the Planning Commission meeting immediately following the Public Hearing. We will begin
a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by comments from
individuals to speak for and /or against the petition. As you approach the microphone, please
state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Spencer to read the first petition:
#04-537 - Deryle S. Cooper: The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use Permit to
operate a firearms transfer business, with no inventory, on Route 613 between Route
460 and Route 659. The subject property, tax map #63(A)8, is 1.91 acres and is zoned
R-1 Residential.
Mr. Spencer called for comments in favor of this petition.
Mr. Deryle S. Cooper came forward and stated he was the owner of the business and
about one and a half months ago he purchased a home in Appomattox County. While
he lived in Campbell County he operated the same business. In the last three (3) years
he had about eighty (80) transfers. These have all been one on one transactions. He has
ample drive way and parking space and will work directly out of his home. He will have
to re-apply for his Firearms License as his has expired. This process will take
approximately 2 months.
Mr. Spencer asked if any wished to speak against the petition.
Mr. “Bo” House, Route 4, Box 145, Appomattox, VA. Mr. House stated he is the
owner of the adjacent property. He does not know whether to speak for or against this
petition because he does not know anything about it. He is concerned about who
regulates this type of business, is it controlled by the ATF and who does the background
check on proposed buyers.