154
Mrs. Ferguson stated that they had not.
Mr. Carter then presented a graph that he had prepared showing expenditures for this
fiscal year.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns, hearing none, Mr. Bosiger moved to
the first administrative item the TEA-21 Grant application.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Virginia’s Retreat is making a TEA-21 grant application to
place battle map signs at various stops along Lee’s Retreat. Mr. Bosiger continued that
stops 21-Lee’s Rearguard and 22-Battle of Appomattox Station in Appomattox have been
selected to receive these new more informative signs. Mr. Bosiger also explained that if
the grant were awarded the County would need to pay $2,000.00 as a match and that if
the Board agrees to participate in the application a public hearing would be necessary
before proceeding.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to hold a public hearing on
December 20, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. on the TEA-21 application.
Mr. Bosiger then presented information from the County Administrator on a computer
upgrade for her office.
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
computer upgrade for the County Administrator’s Office. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that a resolution was necessary for the two-year extension on
the access road funds for the industrial park.
Mr. Carwile made.a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has executed an agreement
with the Virginia Department of Transportation for a Bonded Industrial Access Road,
and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has already entered into a
letter of credit agreement with Farmers Bank of Appomattox for a three year period, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has offered to extend the length
of time for a Virginia Department of Transportation determined qualifying industry to
locate on lot 1 and/or 6 of the industrial park, from three to five years.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT, at a regular meeting held on December 6,
1999 at 6:00 p.m. in the Courthouse that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors