180
concern for landfills and that he intended to attend any meetings that were scheduled on this issue
in order to keep abreast of the status of any legislation.
Mr. Carroll noted that the final issue that was of concern to the landfill was groundwater
monitoring. Mr. Carroll explained that Joyce Engineering was working on this issue and had
contacted him to see if Appomattox County would like for them to include Appomattox in their
overall project. Mr. Carroll asked if the Board wished for him to get a price for this work from
Joyce?
A general discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Carroll would contact
Joyce Engineering for a quote to handle Appomattox County’s groundwater issues with D.E.Q.
Mr. Moore next explained that Mrs. Ferguson was prepared to move forward with several public
comment sessions on the proposed community park and asked if the Board was ready to proceed
with the plans that were in place.
After discussion, it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson should proceed with the public comment
sessions on the community park to be located on Route 613.
Mr. Moore then commented on the E911 information that had been provided in the Board Book.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that her purpose for putting this information in the Board Book was to
start the Board thinking about the possibility of implementing E911 in the near future.
Mr. Moore next explained that Lynchburg Community Action Group, Inc. was requesting
approval from the Board to continue to provide housing assistance to Appomattox County low-
income persons with HIV/AIDS and their families through emergency mortgage, rent and utility
payments and other support services.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Lyn-Cag continue to provide
the above mentioned services to Appomattox County citizens.
Mr. Moore then explained that the Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy Committee
needed an appointee from the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Moore called for a volunteer.
Mr. Carter explained that he was willing to serve on this committee if no one else was willing to
serve.
Mr. Moore also explained that Mrs. Shirley Eye was requesting someone from the Board of
Supervisors to serve on the Citizens Forum.