669
4. Naming of Community Park Road: At a previous meeting Ms. Dixon
requested that the entrance road to the new community park be named
“Kruschwitz Drive” in honor of Fred Kruschwitz for the work he has put into the
park design at no cost to the County. Since that time, Mr. Kruschwitz has
strongly opposed this action. Ms. Dixon is now requesting that the road be
named “Elk Creek Road”.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to name the
entrance road to the community park “Elk Creek Road” as suggested by Ms. Dixon.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Veterans Day Ceremony: American Legion Post 104 is requesting the use of
Courthouse Square to hold their annual Veteran’s Day ceremony on Thursday,
November 11, 2004 from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the request from
American Legion Post 104 use of the Courthouse Square for their Veteran’s Day
Ceremony on Thursday, November 11, 2004 from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
5A. Security for the Commonwealth’s Attorney Office: Sometime ago the
Board approved a partition be placed in the Commonwealth’s Attorney Office as
a protection for the VCIN equipment. As time has passed, we have really looked
at this and determined that this is really not practical. We have received an
estimate for securing this area at a cost of $4,686.00. Mr. Puckett has funds to
cover approximately one-half of this cost, if the Board would approve funding the
remainder from the Courthouse Bond.
After some discussion, Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve
the request from Mr. Puckett to have security features placed in the Office of the
Commonwealth’s Attorney in the new courthouse with Mr. Puckett paying 1/2 of the costs
from Asset Forfeiture Funds. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5B. Appointment to the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board of
Directors: Mr. Lynn Doss’s term expires on November 30", of this year. This is
an agency which the Board funds each year and they provide a service to the
community. Ms. Ferguson suggested that we could possibly run an article in the
newspaper for volunteers who would like to serve on this Board. They meet
approximately 4 or 5 times a year around 1:00 p.m.
The Board, by consensus, decided to run an article in the local newspaper to see if
anyone is interested in serving in this capacity.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the Consent Agenda: (Items 6 — 12)