102
those prescribed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and the ordinances,
resolutions, and approved plans of the County of Appomattox in order to mitigate the
effects of said emergency.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there were several committee/board appointments that
were necessary.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to hold these appointments
until the next meeting.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several supplemental appropriation requests for Board
approval.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $5,504.02 to pay
Fauber Architects for services provided on the elementary school project. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $120,272.00 to
make the 4" payment on the baler building. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Dickerson, Hurt & Proffitt, Inc. wished to speak
with the Board concerning a change order that was necessary on the baler building.
Mr. Dickerson explained that the electrical system that was designed for the baler
building was designed for the worse case scenario. Mr. Dickerson continued that after
the baler bid was accepted the breaker and wiring that was proposed for the new building
was too large and would have to be down sized. Mr. Dickerson explained that this would
require approximately a $1610.00 change order.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the
change order to the electrical system in the new baler building in the amount of $1610.00
provided Mr. Dickerson checks out other alternatives and this is the only option. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the County had been successful in purchasing the
Lawson property adjacent to Courthouse Square and that the funds need to be
appropriated from the Capital Improvement Fund to pay for this property.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $125,000.00 from the
Capital Improvement Account to purchase the Lawson property adjacent to the
Courthouse Square. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.