176
Chairman Craft called for other changes that need to be submitted; with no other changes
Chairman Craft called for citizen public comments.
Hearing none, Chairman Craft called on Mr. Don Austin, Resident Administrator- VDOT
to appear before the board to speak on the Highway Safety Program.
Mr. Austin explained that he and State Trooper Greg Smith would be addressing the
Board tonight to present a challenge of the Governor to reduce highway fatalities in year
2009 by 100.
Mr. Austin stated that Virginia Department of Transportation, Division of Motor
Vehicles and Virginia State Police have teamed together to communicate to citizens
about driver safety.
Mr. Austin provided the Board with statistics concerning fatalities in Virginia and as of
today there have been 57 fatalities where last year at this time there had been 70.
Division of Motor Vehicles has on record for Appomattox County the following highway
fatalities: Year 2001 5-fatalities with 3 not wearing seatbelts; Year 2002 4- fatalities with
3 not wearing seatbelts; Year 2003 4- fatalities with 2 not wearing a seatbelt; Year 2004
3- fatalities with 1 not wearing a seatbelt, Year 2005 3- fatalities with 3 not wearing a
seatbelt; Year 2006 1- fatality and they were not wearing a seatbelt; Year 2007 6-
fatalities and no statistics for 2007 on wearing seatbelts are available at this time.
In year 2006 of the approximate 900 people killed in vehicle crashes approximately 400
were ejected and most likely not wearing a seatbelt.
Mr. Austin stressed that seatbelts are a key issue and this needs to be stressed to everyone
while also being aware of what is going on around you when driving.
Mr. Austin stated that the ages involved in fatalities are from all age range.
Mr. Austin stated that basically the information that they are trying to get across to
everyone is to wear seatbelts, avoid distractions; share the road with cyclist, motorist and
pedestrians; never drink and drive and obey speed limits.
Trooper Smith stated that he has a greater fear of being run over on the highway than
being shot because motorist are just not looking out for you.
Trooper Smith recited 46.921.1 of the Code of Virginia that states a driver should yield
the right of way and reduce your speed when approaching stationary emergency vehicles
on highways and also recited the penalties that are imposed for not obeying this law.
Trooper Smith challenged everyone at the meeting to stand beside him on any highway
when he stops a vehicle and see how many motorists do not obey this law.