469
in B-1 district per Section 170-47 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property
is located on U. S. 460 West between Route 609 and Route 608, tax Map No. 60(8)11, and
is zoned B-1.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve Petition #01-451 for
Michael T. Powers as approved by the Planning Commission. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
#01-453 - Clayton C. Bryant: Re-zone property from B-1 to M-1 with conditional use
permit to allow truck and trailer storage and repairs, and contractor facilities to include
sandblasting. Property is located on Route 609 between U. S. 460 West and Route 608, Tax
Map #60(9)5, and is zoned B-1.
Mr. Carter is not in favor of approving this petition because the existing vans currently on
Route 460 now are visible since all the forest has been cleared. He feels the Planning
Commission needs to come up with a review process to keep the County beautiful and have
some stipulations on screening or setbacks .
Mr. Carwile stated that the Planning Commission recommended approval of these two
petitions and that is the issue before us. We should support the Planning Commission
Recommendations.
Mr. Kendrick stated he feels we should include matters concerning storage and screening of
certain types of plan review in the new Comprehensive Plan to protect the beauty of the land.
After much discussion, Mr. Hancock made the following motion seconded by Mr. Carwile:
“For reasons of public necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors moves to approve petition 01-453 of Clayton C.
Bryant to re-zone a parcel of land located at Tax Map #60(9)5 from B-1 to M-1". VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, nay, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Bond Council Fees: The Board needs to appropriate $12,879.86 from the Elementary
School Loan to pay Sands, Anderson, Marks and Miller for bond council fees commencing
February 2000 and continuing through the loan closing in December.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve appropriation of $12,879.86
from the Elementary School Loan to pay Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller for bond council
fees with a supplemental appropriation to line item 1204-3002 - Legal Services. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Community Services Board: The Community Services Board has made a resolution to
change the name of the organization and allow the use of two trade names.
4
After some discussion regarding the background, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by
Mr. Carter to adopt the resolution from the Community Services Board to change the name