631
Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Pendleton is really involved in VACO and with the Campbell
County Board of Supervisors for several years. Also, Mr. Pendleton is currently fulfilling
an unexpired term on the VACo Board of Directors.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to issued a letter of support for
Hugh T. Pendleton to be appointed to the VACO Board of Directors for a term of four
(4) years. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(4 aye votes — 1 absent)
8. Mausoleum: There has been considerable discussion over having the
mausoleum cleaned and who is responsible. Minutes from July 22", 1922 Board
of Supervisors’ meeting indicate that the Flood family will be responsible for the
upkeep of the mausoleum.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to have the County Attorney write a
letter to the Flood family requesting that the mausoleum be cleaned. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes- |
absent)
9. Agenda Packets: On August 2"4 2004, Mr. John Wilson approached the Board
with some concerns about the time frame that has been established for
preparation of the Board Agenda Packets. Mr. Wilson was unable to attend
tonight’s meeting, but asked Mr. Carter to bring this matter before you for
consideration.
Mr. Wilson has suggested that a copy of the Board of Supervisors packet and agenda be
made available to the public, perhaps at the Library or some public location.
Mr. Carter stated he felt the citizens should be informed and the intent of this
suggestion is good. The problem he feels is bad press or letters published in the
papers. The feedback he has received over the years is that the citizens feel the
present cutoff date does not enable them to get things discussed in a timely manner.
This request has also been made to the Appomattox Town Council and Mr. Lawson
commented “He receives his agenda when he gets home from work on Friday. It is as
accessible to the public as it is to town council”. He can see both sides of it and in the
past we, the Board, have been chastised for cutting the time frame.
Mr. John Wilson asked to make a comment. He stated that Mr. Lawson’s comment is
not quite true. He is not sure he understood or maybe it wasn’t fully explained, but the
agenda packet is not as available to the public as it is to Mr. Lawson. He can pick up or
have a copy of it delivered to his door on Friday afternoon, and he has the whole week-
end to study it. The citizens are only able to get this information on Friday, if they are
off work, retired or unemployed. The office is closed over the weekend and this
information is not available. This discourages citizens from getting involved in issues of
interest.
Mr. Conrad discussed the possibility of putting this on a website.