128
Mr. Carwile stated that he had not read that edition of the paper. Mr. Carwile further
stated that he would consider the request, but that generally he stood firm on his
comments.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any other supervisor’s concerns to come before that
Board. Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger moved to the next agenda item.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that the Board needed to make appointments to the America’s
Promise Committee and the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Advisory Board. It
was the consensus of the members to table these appointments until the next meeting.
Mr. Bosiger explained that there were several supplemental appropriation requests that
needed action.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate the $7500.00 to the
Sheriff's budget for a DMV grant received and $112.30 to 3102-1002 for overtime at
high school football games. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he served as the director of emergency services for the county and
that there currently were no funds for emergency situations at the present time. Mr.
Bosiger stated that if a disaster or emergency such as Y2K were to occur that the
committee might need the ability to spend some money. He further stated that the
emergency services board was planning to do a mailing to the entire county advising
them about Y2K preparedness.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $5000.00 to fund
an emergency services budget for needs that may arise as a result of Y2K. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger stated that leachate from the landfill was hauled to Lynchburg because of
some petroleum in the leachate and also for gravel on the leachate road. There was much
discussion regarding the source of the petroleum and also about the costs involved with
the hauling and treating of the leachate. The Board decided to table the appropriation
request of $12,203.23 until further information could be provided.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $615.00 for
additional funds received to the Litter Grant, $131.72 to the library for reimbursements
received, and $257.23 from the Law Library Fund. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $78,283.41 to the
schools budget for additional funding received. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.