630
8:00 p.m. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(4 aye votes — 1 absent)
4. Mutual Aid Agreement with Campbell County: Campbell County’s Director
of Public Safety is requesting permission for Virginia Ambulance to provide
service in certain areas of Appomattox County. The areas in questions are those
that are presently recognized by emergency service agencies as Concord
Volunteer Rescue Squads service area.
Ms. Ferguson explained that certain areas of Appomattox County are serviced by the
Concord Rescue Squad and if Concord is not available to take these calls, they are
referred back to Appomattox. At the present time, Appomattox does not have a
contract agreement with Virginia Ambulance and if Concord is not available, they cannot
take these calls.
Mr. Carter feels this service is something Appomattox County desperately needs in order
to serve the emergency needs of our citizens.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to have Mrs. Ferguson send a letter
to the Campbell County Department of Public Safety granting permission for Virginia
Ambulance to serve those areas in Appomattox County currently served by the Concord
Volunteer Rescue Squad. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
5. Memorandum of Understanding for Community Based Corrections Plan
and Planning Study: We have received a Memorandum of Understanding for
the Community Based Corrections Plan and Planning Study for the proposed
regional jail with Amherst and Nelson Counties.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to enter into a Memorandum of
Understanding for Community Based Corrections Plan and Planning Study with Amherst
and Nelson Counties. This memorandum of understanding is for a study only. ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes — 1 absent)
6. Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival Parade: The Railroad Festival
Committee is inviting the Board of Supervisors to participate in this years parade
to be held on Saturday, October 9, 2004 at 10:30 a.m.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Mr. Armbrust had informed her of his willingness to participate.
After some discussion, the Board Members decided they would all participate in the
Railroad Festival Parade to be held on Saturday, October 9, 2004 at 10:30 a.m. The
Board members also chose to walk.
7. VACo Board of Directors: The Campbell County Administrator is requesting
that you support Hugh T. Pendleton for VACo’s Board of Directors for a term of
four (4) years.