309
others report periodically and explain how things are going and what they see as issues. We need to
investigate all avenues and lessen the burden on real estate owners.
Mr. Carwile supports Mr. Kendricks suggestions.
Hearing no other Supervisor Concerns, Mr. Moore stated the Board needed to hold a closed session
in accordance with Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matters and 2.1-344(A)3 - Real Estate.
At 6:20 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed session to
discuss personnel and real estate matters. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 7:14 p.m., seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved that the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive meeting this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act, and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended, requires a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting was conducted
in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business
matters exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive
matters were heard, discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore stated there was no action to be taken as a result of executive session.
Mr. J. C. Rogers of the Sons of Confederate Veterans has requested permission to hold a dedication
ceremony and unveiling of the new statue at the Courthouse on May 28, 2000 at 2:00 p.m. The Sons
of Confederate Veterans would also like permission to fly the Confederate Flag on this occasion.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to grant permission for the S.C.V. to hold its
dedication of the new statue on May 28, 2000 and grant permission to fly the Confederate Flag for
this dedication. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.