358
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s regular meeting at 6:00 P.M. on J uly 17,
2000 at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: _ Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - Acting County Administrator
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legal
issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matters.
At 6:03 Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session to discuss
a legal issue and a personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 6:45 p.m. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved that the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session: VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the
provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive meeting
was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the executive meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only
such matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.