496
The Board questioned the School Board regarding its ability to pay for the furnishings with a
minimally funded state budget. School Board members and administration stated that this was not
typically done, but that if that was the requirement, then they would do that.
At 8:12 P.M. Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused the School Board.
Mr. Kendrick asked for more discussion among Board of Supervisor members.
* He is in favor of the $9.35 million including gym.
* Mr. Carwile is in support of school going forward. Supports recommendation from School
Board with $9 million. Supportive of gym but would want to add at a later date.
¢ Mr. Carter feels cost is attributed to architectural design. And he supports the School Board’s
recommendation.
* Mr. Moore says gym is the least of his concerns. Rates may be down but taxes maybe more.
He supports the $9.35 million project.
¢ Mr. Hancock feels gym is no real concern but would rather see the prefab gym at $9.35 million
figure than no gym or the expense of adding a gym at a later date.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to build the gymnasium, core school and add
six (6) classrooms for $9.35 million. School Board will cover the cost of the furniture out of its
normal operating budget. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Carwile stated each member has expressed themselves and would like to see the full gym.
Mr. Carroll stated the Board needed to make an appropriation for the necessary funds to cover the
Elementary School Project.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate the necessary funds to
complete the $9.35 million school project. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 8:30 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick, seconded by Mr. Moore the Board voted to adjourn.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Jerry drick - Chairman