463
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors recognizes the value and the important community outreach
that this program produces both at the present time and in the future; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Criminal Justice Services has grant funds available to
continue this program in Appomattox County,
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors fully
supports the School Resource Officer Program grant application for continuing this valued program
within the Appomattox County School System.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
6. Piedmont Geriatric Association: The Piedmont Geriatric Association is requesting that the
Board adopt a resolution of support to the Virginia General Assembly for continued operation of the
Piedmont Geriatric Hospital in Nottoway County. They are also requesting financial support for
lobbying efforts to keep this facility open.
There was some discussion regarding what previous Boards have done regarding this facility. The
Board decided to adopt the resolution of support but did not offer any financial support at this time.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION
CALLING ON THE VIRGINIA GENERAL ASSEMBLY
TO CONTINUE OPERATIONS AT
PIEDMONT GERIATRIC HOSPITAL
WHEREAS, a recent state report delivered to Governor Gilmore recommends that Piedmont
Geriatric Hospital should be closed despite its long history of exemplary service to the citizens of
the Commonwealth, many of whom have required the specialized services that Piedmont alone has
and continues to be able to deliver; and,
WHEREAS, Piedmont Geriatric Hospital is a fully functioning hospital serving the needs of
geriatric patients with moderate to severe mental illness by utilizing skilled medical personnel and
state-of-the -art evaluation and diagnostic services and is not comparable to privately operated
nursing homes; and,
WHEREAS, Piedmont Geriatric Hospital, recognized by Virginia’s medical community as a leader
in gero-psychiatric medicine and research, has and continues to serve the Commonwealth in the
training of health care providers that enable geriatric and psychiatric institutions to better serve
citizens across the state and nation; and,
WHEREAS, a recent review by the Joint Commission of Accredited Health Care Organizations,
which is an independent accreditation organization, gave Piedmont Geriatric Hospital an excellent