335
their respective offices.
The foyer of the Library was suggested for this portrait and Mrs. Ferguson will report back to the
Board on this matter at a later date.
Public hearings need to be held on several proposed Ordinance changes. Mrs. Ferguson would like
to set these hearing dates at the next meeting on Thursday night.
Mr. Carroll has requested permission to attend the International Plastic Trade Show in Chicago on
June 19" - 22TM with Region 2000. The cost will be approximately $2,000 to $2,500. This money
is available in the economic development budget. Mr. Slagle of the IDA feels this would be a good
place to promote the industrial park.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to allow Mr. Carroll to attend the
International Plastic Trade Show in Chicago to be held June 19" thru June 22TM, 2000. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The next item on the Agenda was Additional Items for Consideration.
The Landfill has received a satisfactory report from the DEQ on it’s last inspection.
The Sheriff's Office is requesting a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $34,081.00 from
the IDA Bond Account to make the next payment on the addition to the Sheriff's Office.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve a supplemental appropriation from
the IDA Bond Account in the amount of $34,081.00 to cover the next payment on the addition to the
Sheriff's Office. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Town/County Police Agreement for the period of June 1, 2000 through June 30, 2001 needs to
be approved. (See copy in Board File).
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the Town/County Police Agreement
for a period of June 1, 2000 through June 30, 2001. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
By consensus of the Board of Supervisors it was recommended that Ms. Kathy Bloodworth and Ms.
Marte Charte receive a Certificate of Recognition for their hard work in keeping the Appomattox
County Library running smoothly during the period the County was without a Librarian.
At 8:50 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board of Supervisors recess
until Thursday, June 8, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.