558
At 6:00 P.M. on Monday, July 16, 2001, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court
Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: _ Jerry G. Kendrick, Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Carter to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick called to Dan Gecker to appear before the Board and discuss Historic Tax Credits,
Mr. Gecker stated he was an attorney with Kutak Rock, LLC in Richmond where he specializes in
Historic Tax Credits. He has spoken with Mr. Carwile in the past and appreciates the opportunity
to appear before the Board and talk about what they do and what the programs are that might be of
benefit to the County. At a meeting prior to this with Mr. Carroll, he indicated that the County was
in the process of instituting some historic districts and obviously a condition to use of the State
Historic Credits which we will talk about is that the property be located within a historic district or
individually listed on the Register of State or National historic places. With that having been said,
there are two (2) programs that deal with historic properties or the rehabilitation of historic
properties. They are both tax incentives, one provided by the Federal Government that has been
around since 1976 although it peaked in use in 1986 just before the Tax Act change and it is now
climbing back up after a deep decline as developers and corporations are seeking new areas to go
into and in 1997 the State of Virginia enacted a state level tax credit. We will talk briefly about the
two programs and how they may be of use here, either for private projects (economic development
for the County) or what essentially mean public projects (such as schools, or other public building
going back to public use).
A quick summary of the Federal program is that essentially every dollar a developer or entity spends
on a qualified structure to rehabilitate it, the Federal Government will give a 20% Tax Credit. (A
million dollar expenditure will receive a tax credit of $200,000). The Federal Credit is not usable
with public or public rehabilitation but it is very useable with private rehabilitation. Federal credits
are marketable and there is an active market, with the going price around 90 cents on the dollar. The
Amazement Square in Lynchburg was done with both Federal and State Credits. Also projects in
Petersburg and Roanoke had been financed with Tax Credits. It is becoming more and more
commonplace.
The State Tax Credit program was enacted in 1997 and it provides a 25% credit on every qualified
dollar. (Using the same one million dollar example you get $250,000 in credits.) State Tax Credits