116
e. The requirements of this section and of other applicable provisions of Chapter 170 of the
Appomattox County regarding storage of sewage sludge shall be in addition to the local
testing and monitoring ordinances permitted under subsection C. of §62.1-44. 19:3 et seq.,
Code of Virginia, (1950), as amended, as may be adopted by the Board of Supervisors as
part of this Chapter from time to time.
f. Storage of sewage sludge shall be prohibited in all other zoning districts in Appomattox
County.
Severability
Should any portion or provision of this ordinance be held by any court to be unconstitutional or invalid, that decision
shall not affect the validity of the ordinance as a whole, or any part of the ordinance other than the part held to be
unconstitutional or invalid.
Effective Date
This ordinance is effective upon adoption.
After reviewing the public testimony, the public record, the Planning Commission’s recommendation, and the goals
and objectives of the County’s Comprehensive Plan, Supervisor Conrad made a motion, seconded by Supervisor Craft
to amend and readopt the Appomattox County Land Application of Biosolids Ordinance by revising certain provisions
of the Ordinance text as described in the attached ordinance.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Plannin mmission Recommendations:
Planning Commission recommendations for the September 17, 2007 public
hearing.
CUP07007 — Brad Kidd for a conditional use permit for property located on
north side of Mountain Cut Road (Route 695). The applicant is seeking to
locate an automotive repair garage, mechanical and body shop. Planning
Commission recommended approval of this petition with conditions.
Recommendation: Staff recommends considering Planning Commission
recommendations and making a decision of CUPO7007.
Mr. Conrad stated that in reviewing this application, he is familiar with the applicants
and feels that the service they offer will be beneficial to the community.
Mr. Carter also feels this petition should be approved. None of the adjoining property
owners have any concerns and are all in favor of this business being located on said
property. Mr. Carter asked Mr. Roark if these two (2) conditions were in order with
other normal transactions.
Mr. Roark responded that the normal buffers are twenty-five (25) foot buffers so the
forty (40) foot is more than what we have been doing. The Planning Commission felt
the applicant should leave the trees that were already there standing.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the Kidds could always submit another application to amend
this use permit.
After further discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
approve CUPO7007 - Brad Kidd for a conditional use permit for property located on