228
Mr. Moore then reconvened the meeting and called for comments.
Mr. Jack Dunavant came forward and gave his address as 411 Woodlawn Drive, Halifax,
Virginia. Mr. Dunavant explained that he was Chairman of Southside Concerned Citizens. Mr.Dunavant continued that this group was strictly a volunteer organization that has studiedintensive swine farming in depth. Mr. Dunavant stated that they were not familiar with the cattlebut they were very familiar with swine. Mr. Dunavant stated that they were a very farm friendly
group that was very much interested in preserving the family farm. Mr. Dunavant continued thatthis issue was not about farming it was about industrial farming. Mr. Dunavant then provided hisbackground and experience with swine farming. Mr. Dunavant continued that this was notfarming when you raised hogs in a metal building, on a concrete slab that never saw the light ofday. Mr. Dunavant continued that these animals are so sick from breathing the foul air that they
are on daily doses of antibiotics just to stay alive. Mr. Dunavant stated that the hogs were owned
by the Company and fed on out of state grain brought in by the company. Mr. Dunavant
continued that the farmer was a share cropper. Mr. Dunavant then told the Board about the hogfarming operations in Halifax County. In closing Mr. Dunavant stated that he did not feel thatthe set-backs in the proposed ordinance were adequate. Mr. Dunavant continued that the odor
travels well over two miles. Mr. Dunavant suggested that the proposed 300' setback from the
centerline of roads and streams should be 3000'. Mr. Dunavant thanked the Board for
consideration of his comments.
Mr. Moore then recognized Ms. Lorraine Potter.
Ms. Potter came forward and gave her address as 126 Mason Lane, Gladys, Virginia. Ms. Potter
began by saying that she had friends and relatives that live in Appomattox. Ms. Potter continued
that she has served as the citizen representative on the Campbell County intensive livestock
committee. Ms. Potter stated that Campbell County studied and worked on this issue for twoyears before recommending the adoption of an ordinance. Ms. Potter then provided statements
from various health professionals stressing caution in considering hog operations due to potentialhealth risks. Ms. Potter provided this information in handout form and it can be found on file inthe Board File for the month of February 2000. Ms. Potter explained that there were several
important things that she felt needed to be changed in the proposed ordinance and they are as
follows:
1- require contiguous acreage
2- include setbacks from rivers, streams and roads and
3-a cap or capacity limit per facility for hogs.
In closing Ms. Potter thanked the Board for their consideration of her comments.
Mr. Moore next called on Mr. Dennis Torrence to come forward.
Mr. Torrence began by giving his address as Route 2 Box 506, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Torrence continued that he was a former farmer, a part time farmer now and a previous member
of the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Torrence then thanked the Board for the opportunity to express
his views on the proposed ordinance. Mr. Torrence began by saying that he felt the two previous
speakers had been exactly right in saying that the problem was not with the dairy, beef, chickens,