218
WHEREAS, the grade crossing on this loop road provides public service to thirteen houses
and two farms,
WHEREAS, the closing of the crossing will create a dead end road with only one access
across the Norfolk Southern Railroad and will increase the potential for delay of police, fire
and emergency services to the residents,
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, for the reasons stated herein, vigorously oppose the closure by the Commonwealth
Transportation Board of the portion of Route 674 at the Norfolk Southern Railroad east grade
crossing in Appomattox County.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; and Mr.
Carwile, aye.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone had anything else for Ms. Lindsay?
The Board having no concerns for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Moore thanked and excused her.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Matt Grashoff and Mr. Lonnie Reynolds of G.T.E. to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Grashoff and Mr. Reynolds explained that their reason for appearing before the Board
was to present a proposal for cost savings towards a new telephone system. Mr. Grashoff
then made a very informative presentation concerning his proposal.
Mr. Grashoff then answers questions concerning his proposal for members of the Board.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson would
schedule a meeting with Mr. Grashoff and the Constitutional Officers and Department Heads
that will be affected to see if they are interested in the proposal.
Mr. Moore then thanked Mr. Grashoff and Mr. Reynolds and called on Mrs. Darlene Reed
to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Reed explained that her purpose for meeting with the Board was to request funding
from the Board to assist the Chorals at Appomattox County High School and Appomattox
County Middle School in making a trip to Orlando to perform at Universal Studio’s and
various other local places. Mrs. Reed played a portion of a tape of the Chorals performance.
Mrs. Reed asked that the Board please consider this request since these were deserving
children that needed some help.
Mrs. Reed then answered questions of the Board.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mrs. Reed and assured her the Board would consider her
request.