d)
105
of Emergency Medical Services and maintain oversight of their respective
volunteer agencies unless a separate agreement is entered into with
Appomattox County as agreed to by both parties. Included in this provision is
the responsibility to maintain mutual aid agreements with bordering agencies.
The following organizations are hereby officially recognized as private
commercial or not-for-profit entities that are authorized to provide EMS
services within Appomattox County and are granted permits to operate
emergency medical service vehicles, including but not limited to air medical
evacuation (medevac) services utilizing helicopters equipped for such use, in
Appomattox County and charge a fee for the service they provide to patients:
any private service provider with whom Appomattox County Volunteer
Rescue Squad, Inc. or Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc., contracts,
Centra Health (Medflight helicopter), University of Virginia (Pegasus
helicopter) and Carilion Health System (Lifeguard helicopter). Furthermore,
these private commercial or not-for-profit entities, except for Appomattox
County Rescue Squad and Pamplin Volunteer Fire and EMS, Inc., are exempt
from the remainder of the provisions in this article.
Each of the organizations mentioned in section 21.6(b) shall be assigned
response areas that provide the best services to the citizens of the County.
These response areas shall be maintained in writing by the Appomattox
County Department of Public Safety, a copy of which will be posted in the
communications center and available to the public. The Department of Public
Safety may amend or change these boundaries from time to time in order to
provide the best services available.
For purposes of this Article, the following definitions shall apply, unless the
context requires a different meaning:
“Emergency medical services personnel” means persons responsible for the direct
provision of emergency medical or rescue services in a given medical emergency
or emergency rescue including all persons who could be described as attendants,
attendants-in-charge, or operators.
“Emergency medical services vehicle” means any vehicle, vessel, aircraft or
ambulance that holds a valid emergency medical services permit issued by the
State Office of Emergency Medical Services that is equipped, maintained or
operated to provide emergency medical care or transportation of patients who are
sick, injured, wounded, or otherwise incapacitated or helpless.
“EMS squad” or “EMS department” means a volunteer emergency medical
services (EMS) organization organized pursuant to VA. CODE ANN. Section 27-
8 in any town, city or county of the Commonwealth, with the approval of the
governing body thereof consisting of emergency medical services personnel.