202
Mr. Carroll stated that he would like to comment on Judge Blanton’s letter. Mr. Carroll stated
that he had been called by Mr. Drinkard and Mr. Carwile asking that they be on the agenda to
discuss the courthouse. Mr. Carroll further stated that he had called Judge Blanton to avert any
concern the judge may have with any newspaper article arising from the Board’s discussion. Mr.
Carroll stated the judge had told him he was not concerned whether it was new or renovated
courthouse, but that certain standards would have to be met. Mr. Carroll stated that the Judge
was leaving the decision up to the Board to determine the best and lowest cost way to provide the
necessary facility needed. Mr. Carroll stated that the judge had stated it would be okay for the
Board to reconsider, but it would need to be done quickly. Mr. Carroll concluded by stating that
the judge would need a new work plan if the Board decided to change its decision regarding
renovation.
Mr. Kendrick asked Mr. Carroll if he was saying that the judge would not hold the Board to the
original milestones set in January? Mr. Carroll stated that this was correct, but that the judge
would expect a decision shortly regarding a renovated or new courthouse. Mr. Carwile stated
that he would like to meet with Hal Craddock as soon as possible and have a vote after that
meeting in order to expedite the whole thing. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that Judge Blanton
would have no problem with this and that if the decision to build a new courthouse was reached
it was possible that it could even be completed sooner than the renovated schedule.
Mr. Carter asked the two new Board members if there had been anything discussed tonight that
would make them alter the previous Board’s decision. Mr. Kendrick stated that he had never
heard the argument for new versus old and that since it appeared that the judge was willing to
work with the Board, he would like to meet with the architect to discuss the issue. Mr. Hancock
responded that he felt the same as Mr. Kendrick on the issue.
The Board asked for Mr. Carroll to contact Mr. Craddock so that a meeting could be set up as
soon as possible to discuss the courthouse issue. Mr. Carroll asked if there was any specific date
or time the Board wanted to hold this meeting. It was the consensus of the Board to hold the
meeting the same week at 6:00 P.M. if this was possible with Mr. Craddock, if not then as soon
as possible.
Mr. Moore then stated that Mr. Barnes had arrived and asked Mr. Barnes to approach the Board.
Mr. Barnes along with Mrs. Barnes and Ms. David Wingfield came forward. Ms. Wingfield
stated that she was an outreach director that worked primarily in Lynchburg and that she had
become aware of the Barnes’ and their attempt to help the homeless in Appomattox County. Ms.
Wingfield stated that the Lighthouse of Love Outreach Center had provided services for an
average of twelve individuals a week since opening its doors. The center was fully operational
now and Ms. Wingfield had been successful in its attempt to incorporate as a non-profit
organization. Ms. Wingfield stated that all this had occurred while the center was still providing
for the needs of its clients.
Ms. Wingfield stated that she had a proposal for the Board to consider in its Fiscal Year 2001
budget. Ms. Wingfield stated that the Lighthouse of Love was providing a needed service in
Appomattox County and that it had helped many people from even outside Appomattox. Ms.