693
Ms. Knight stated how many offices they have, where they are located and the number of staff
providing services. She also went into how they are funded and that they have resources to serve
approximately half of those needing their services. She concluded her presentation with a
number of statistics regarding the types and number of cases closed in Appomattox.
Mr. Neumeyer next spoke regarding the reasons funding from local government is so important
to their organization.
1. They feel they develop stronger partnerships with local governments when funded by
them. They are more familiar with other agencies and are able to transfer information
to one another.
2. Financial - The majority of their fund come from State and Federal sources. These are
becoming less and less. They do not receive any funding from their clients. In order to
continue their level of services they need more local participation.
3. The other jurisdictions served by the Lynchburg Office along with Appomattox, all
provide funding in the amounts they have requested and they are asking that Appomattox
provide funding as well.
There was a brief questions and answer period following Mr. Neumeyer’s presentation.
Mr. Carter thanked and excused Mr. Neumeyer, Ms. Knight and Ms. Patrick.
Mr. Carter next called John Wilson to address the Board.
Mr. Wilson had requested to meet with the Board to give a brief presentation on tourism. He is
representing a group of citizen volunteers who have decided that the time has come to do
something specific about attracting tourists to the town and county of Appomattox. They are
considering asking groups of tourists to come and visit. They are an organization of volunteers
not affiliated with the town or the Chamber of Commerce.
They have but one goal. This is to get tourists to come here and spend their money in
Appomattox. Their independence is an advantage as they can quickly develop and test our pilot
plan for this development. When it comes to the large scale application of their plans, they need
the financial support of the local government and local organizations such as the Chamber of
Commerce.
They have designed a brochure, a cover letter, and some additional material which he passed out
to the Board, inviting people to come to Appomattox and spend approximately two hours
downtown and two hours at the park Most of the emphasis on the surrender is placed on the
National Park, but if there had not been the capture of three (3) trains here at the depot, the
surrender may have taken place elsewhere. There is quite an interesting story to be told to tourists
regarding the downtown area.