145
LINE ITEM TRANSFERS:
" 15. General Properties: Please transfer by consent $60.00 from 1101-5804
(Operating Reserve) to 4302-3002 (Professional Services) to pay for mowing at
the animal pound.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
16. AppomattoxChamber of Commerce: Invitation received from the Chamber
of Commerce inviting the Board to their annual membership dinner.
17. Town of Farmville: Invitation received from the Town of Farmville to the
Board for the dedication of the New Town Hall.
18. Certifications: Letter received from the Department of Taxation announcing
that Donald K. Thomas of Wingate Appraisal Service is certified as the
Professional Assessor to serve for the 2008 General Reassessment for
Appomattox County.
19. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services: Letter received from
Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services informing the Board that
Appomattox County has been designated as a primary natural disaster area due
nl to losses caused by drought conditions during the 2007 crop year.
20. Pamplin Community Center: Letter received from the Pamplin Community
Center thanking the Board for your continued support of their Community Center
and your donation.
21. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes from the
September 27, 2007 meeting of the Robert E. Lee Soil and Water Conservation
Board of Directors.
22. Departmental Reports: Departmental Report for the month of September
from Shannon Scott, CSA Coordinator.
23. inia: Quarterly 2-1-1 Virginia of Central Virginia
Problems/Needs Inquiries for our area.
24. Appomattox County Public Schools: Monthly Financial Report for the month
of October 2007.
|
|
Mr. Carter the called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
a There were no concerns to be discussed at this time.
Mr. Carter reminded everyone of the UPCOMING MEETINGS: