50
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to approve the Consent Agenda
as presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next reviewed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
13. Appomattox County Public Schools: Monthly financial report for June 2007
for the Appomattox County Public School System.
14. Town of Appomattox: Town Council Agenda for July 9, 2007 meeting and also
the 2006 Annual Drinking Water Quality Report for the Town of Appomattox.
15. Department Reports: Monthly reports for the County departments:
Animal Control
Assistant County Administrator
Building Inspection
Parks and Recreation
Victim/Witness Program
16. Landfill Compliance Inspections: Latest compliance inspections for the
landfill and baler building. ,
17. Synagro Land Application of Biosolids:_Information from Synagro on where
they may be land applying biosolids from October 10, 2007 to October 10, 2008.
18. Planning Commission Minutes of the June 2007 Meeting: Johnnie
Roark is enclosing the minutes of the Planning Commission meeting held on June
18, 2007 for your review.
19. Robert E, Lee Soil and Water Conservation District: The Robert E. Lee
Soil and Water Conservation District has provided you the minutes of their Board
of Directors meeting held on May 24, 2007. Also provided for your information is
their Annual Plan of work for Fiscal Year 2006-2007.
Mr. Armbrust had some questions regarding item 17 — Land Applications of Biosolids
from Synagro. In looking over some of these names, he thought that some of the
people were not able to apply due to certain violations, such as releasing cattle on the
field too soon, etc.
Ms. Ferguson remarked that complaints were made to the State, and there were
corrective actions in that the person was made to remove the cattle, but that was as far
as it went. There were no penalties, etc., that she was aware of.
This notice does not mean that biosolids will be applied to these properties. They are
just eligible for this application.
Mr. Conrad questioned the status of the Winston Property. Mr. Winston is deceased and
if whoever is operating this farm is operating under a different name other than that