66
assessment of conviction fees for the Courthouse Security Fund. No comments
were received.
Recommendation: Adopting the revision to the County Code to include
Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court to Article XVII, Section 147-64, to be
effective September 1, 2007.
Mr, Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the revision to the County
Code to include Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court to Article XVII, Section 147-64
concerning assessment of conviction fees for the Courthouse Security fund. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
3. Disaster_Designation in Response to Drought Conditions: The
Cooperative Extension has approached Ms. Ferguson about the Board of
Supervisors adopting a resolution declaring Appomattox County a disaster area
due to the drought conditions that have existed for most of the summer. Bruce
Jones, Farm Specialist, has provided information concerning loses that have been
incurred by the farmers.
Recommendation: _ Adopting the proposed resolution declaring Appomattox
County a disaster area due to drought conditions.
Mr. Craft stated that several other counties have already adopted similar resolutions.
Mr. Conrad stated that this would basically make the farmers in Appomattox County
eligible to receive benefits through USDA and natural disaster programs. These are
federally funded programs.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to adopt the following drought
relief resolution as proposed by the Virginia Cooperative Extension Office:
DROUGHT RELIEF FOR THE FARMERS OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY
WHEREAS, the drought conditions in the County of Appomattox have severely affected farmers: and
WHEREAS, during the growing season of this year the County of Appomattox has received considerably
less rain than normal while experiencing unseasonably high temperatures; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox Food and Agricultural Council, made up of the Farm Service Agency,
the Natural Resource Conservation Service, and Virginia Cooperative Extension, has reported that
approximately 25,855 acres of farm land has been adversely affected within the County at an estimated loss
of $1,516,027.00;
AND WHEREAS, it is incumbent upon the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia, that the
County Administrator is hereby instructed to file with the Governor of Virginia a request that the County of
Appomattox be designated as a drought disaster area.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)