658
Mr. Spencer asked if there were any further comments. Hearing none, he read the next
petition.
#04-538 — G. H. Jamerson, Dennis B. Jamerson, Janice J. McCormick and
Patricia J. Moore. The applicants are requesting to rezone 3.54 acres located on
Route 460 between Route 1045 and Route 613 from R-1 Residential to B-1 Commercial
in order to market the property for commercial use. The subject property is Tax Map
#63(A)67.
Mr. Spencer asked for comments for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer read the next petition.
#04-539 — Sidney A. Thomas. The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use Permit
to allow the operation of a ranch for at-risk youths on Route 615 between Route 686
and Route 616. The subject property, Tax Map #19(A)47 and 19(A)49, total 145 acres
and is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Spencer asked if there was anyone to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Sidney A. Thomas, of 8297 Oxford Way, Warrenton, VA. Mr. Thomas stated
he owns two pieces of property in Appomattox County. His son presently lives on the
parcel involved in this petition. His son will be the Director of this venture. He also owns
a parcel across the road, which he will be moving to in a couple of weeks. They plan to
open this at-risk ranch which will be a non-profit organization. All the buildings will be
obscured from all surrounding properties and from State Route 615. They plan to have
one (1) trained staff person for every 8 to 10 campers with a maximum potential for
each session of campers to be 150 youths. All campers will be supervised at all times,
on our grounds, or any other activity that we would take them too. We would have
additional security provided by our grounds and maintenance staff members.
Mr. Armbrust asked about the number of staff (1 for each 8 -10 youth). In regular
program for special education classes, etc., the rate is 1 for each 5 children. Also, will
these children live here?
Mr. Thomas stated that the one staff member for 8 — 10 youths does not include the
children with special needs. That would be different, they would meet the necessary
requirements. Our plans are presently for three four (4) week sessions each summer.
Down the road in the future, we are looking at having a full time youth home, but this
would not be for at-risk children. These children will be referred by court services,
churches, schools, inter-cities. The main idea is to get the inter-city children away from
the environments they are in and have them on a one to one mentoring relationship,
thereby giving them skills they can use to break the cycle of their home environment.
Mr. Conrad asked if any of these children could have been involved in criminal activities
or the use of drugs?