118
Mr. Phelps came forward and stated that he had two reasons for asking to talk with the
Board. Mr. Phelps continued that the first thing was to ask the Board if the Flood family
could place a marker on the grounds outside the mausoleum. Mr. Phelps explained that
this would be a small granite marker with a plaque on it with the names of the people
who were buried there. Mr. Phelps also explained that he would like to place a granite
plaque behind the statue with the names of the confederate soldiers from Appomattox
who served. Mr. Phelps stated that these two markers would be installed at no cost to the
County.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow a marble monument be
placed at the Flood Mausoleum and that a plaque be placed behind the statue with the
names of units from Appomattox County who participated. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Phelps.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter reminded the Board that in the VACo bulletin there was an article on 1205
landfills. Mr. Carter stated that he was concerned with some of the proposed legislation
concerning 1205 landfills.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mrs. Ferguson draft a
letter from the Board to all of our legislators explaining our concerns and asking that they
follow closely any legislation that would affect 1205 landfills.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Frank Mara has requested that the Board grant
permission for WATCH FOR CHILDREN signs to be placed on Route 724 with the
understanding that Mr. Mara will pay for the signs and installation.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors acknowledges the need to
provide a safe environment for our children, and
WHEREAS, Mr. Frank Mara has approached the Board of Supervisors with concerns for
the need for WATCH FOR CHILDREN signs on Route 724; and
WHEREAS, Mr. Mara has agreed to bear the cost for the signs and installation,
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors is requesting Virginia Department of Transportation to pursue the
installation of WATCH FOR CHILDREN signs on secondary Route 724.