161
Mr. Conrad made a motion to re-appoint Mrs. Aileen Ferguson as the Clerk to the Board
of Supervisors. Mr. Tanner seconded the motion. Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft called for the setting of meeting dates. Dates have been published in the
Times Virginian, if problems occur the Board will visit this again.
Chairman Craft called for instructions to the County Administrator.
Chairman Craft explained that Vicky Phelps will now be attending Board meetings and
taking minutes to allow Mrs. Ferguson needed time to focus on the meeting at hand.
Mr. Carter asked the Board to evaluate the meeting dates and times again. Mr. Carter
asked that the Board not consider any new business after 9:30 p.m. This will be for the
regular board meetings and not budget workshops.
The next item of business was the Citizen Public Comment Period. There were no
citizens to speak during this time.
Chairman Craft next called on Ms. Sara Henderson — Commissioner of Revenue to come
before the Board.
Ms. Henderson addressed the Board to propose a change to the ordinance concerning tax
relief for the elderly. The current ordinance for tax relief is 15,000 income, 90,000
financial worth and a maximum exemption of 350.00 per year. Ms. Henderson would
like to propose an ordinance change to 20,000 Income, 100,000 financial worth and the
maximum exemption stay the same.
Ms. Henderson provided the Board with a handout comparing Appomattox County’s
ordinance with surrounding county ordinances.
Ms. Henderson also went back to year 2006 and found that the total exemption amount
was $29,556.31, with 153 applications. In year 2007 you had to file a new application.
You must file a new application every three years. The exemption amount dropped to
$23,694.96 with 132 applications, She feels the income has kept people from receiving
this exemption. Ms. Henderson is suggesting to change the financial worth due to the
reassessment.
Ms. Henderson next answered questions from the Board, she asked that the Board please
consider her proposed changes. She also requested the public hearing be done as quickly
as possible.
Chairman Craft then stated that a public hearing would need to be scheduled to receive
public comment on these changes.