040
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Burke and called on Mr. Jimmy Drinkard to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Drinkard began by saying that Frank Smith was a member of the Board of
Supervisors representing Stonewall District a long time ago. Mr. Drinkard said that when
there was a major issue before the Board Mr. Smith would have a meeting at Stonewall
School and discussed the issue with his people. Mr. Drinkard continued that Mr. Smith
would vote the way his people wanted him to. Mr. Drinkard stated that that was the way
Supervisor’s should do. Mr. Drinkard stated that the Supervisor’s were elected to
represent the people. Mr. Drinkard continued that number one he felt the people of
Appomattox County should know how much money we already owe. Mr. Drinkard
continued that this should be in the paper. Mr. Drinkard continued how much the Board
had obligated the citizens to spend on projects not started or completed. Mr. Drinkard
stated that before the Board voted on another project these figures should be published in
the paper. Mr. Drinkard asked that the correct figures be published in the paper what it
would cost to renovate Carver Price High School for a elementary school, how much it
would cost to build a school on the Bryant Land and what would you do with Carver
Price. Mr. Drinkard stated he would like to know what it would cost to build a school on
the Courtland land. Mr. Drinkard continued that you would not have to buy the whole
parcel of property. In closing Mr. Drinkard asked how much was this going to increase
the citizens taxes?
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Drinkard and called on Mr. Lloyd Cobb to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Cobb came forward and stated that he was speaking on behalf of a number of
citizens. Mr. Cobb continued that he had been offended by comments from Mr. Blair
Smith concerning the value of the old Carver Price High School. Mr. Cobb made some
comments on the County population increases. Mr. Cobb questioned the fact that the
newly renovated Middle School already was over crowded. Mr. Cobb provided the
Board with information concerning drop out rates over the past years. Mr. Cobb
continued that if we had extra money to spend we needed to work on the drop out rate in
order to prevent crime. Mr. Cobb stated that he felt we need to focus on the community
not on a new school. Mr. Cobb stated that he had no problem with a new school but he
encouraged the Board to make sure that what they were doing was being done correctly.
Mr. Cobb continued that if the Middle School was already overcrowded and it was only
renovated two years ago, then were we going to have the same problem with a new
elementary school. Mr. Cobb in closing asked the Board to take another look at how to
benefit the community as a whole, go back to the drawing board and remodel the present
elementary school.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Cobb.
Mr. Bosiger stated that Dr. Betty Siano was unable to attend the meeting and had asked
Mr. Carwile to read a letter on her behalf.