178
fill a vacancy on the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging Board. Mr. Moore continued that
this position needed to be a member of the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Moore explained that he
had served for two terms and was no longer eligible to serve. Mr. Moore stated that the CVAAA
Board met four (4) times a year.
After discussion, no member of the Board would agree to serve in this position.
Mr. Moore next explained that an appointment was necessary to the Central Virginia Community
Services Board to replace Mrs. Terri Conrad.
After discussion it was suggested that this position also be run in the newspaper for the next
several weeks to try to generate some interest from the community.
Mr. Moore presented information on a training session for Board Chairmen and Vice-Chairmen in
Richmond February 10-12 at the Richmond Marriott. Mr. Moore stated that he would be unable
to attend.
Mr. Carwile commented that he would like to see this left open in the event Mr. Kendrick or Mr.
Moore decided at a later date that they wished to attend the training.
Mr. Moore asked the other members of the Board if anyone wished to attend the 2000 Legislative
Day on February 10" in Richmond? Mr. Moore stated that he planned to attend.
Mr. Carter also stated that he planned to attend.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she would register for Mr. Carter and Mr. Moore and that if anyone
else decided to attend to please let her know.
Mr. Moore next explained that there was a livestock damage claim for Mr. & Mrs. Kenneth Doss
that needed to be approved for payment.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the livestock damage claim of Mr.
& Mrs. Kenneth Doss in the amount of $200.00. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from Ted Harris with Saving Virginia’s Special Lands for a
resolution supporting funding for the Virginia Land Conservation Foundation to help preserve
agriculture and farmland, parks and recreation, open space, natural areas and wetlands, historic
lands and forest lands.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following
resolution:
WHEREAS, The Commonwealth of Virginia’s lands are rich in scenic, historic, natural,
agricultural, forested, and recreational resources; and