114
On September 17, 2007 a public hearing was held to amend and readopt the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance by revising certain provisions of the
zoning ordinance text. No comments were received.
Planning Commission recommended approval.
Recommendation: _ Staff recommends adopting the revision of Section
170-34 Conditional Uses, Agriculture District A-1 in the Appomattox County
Mr. Craft made the statement that the Board should go along with the Planning
Commissions recommendation.
Mr. Conrad stated that basically this is protecting us in that sludge cannot be stored
anywhere other than where it will be utilized.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following
resolution:
AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND AND READOPT THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY ZONING ORDINANCE BY
REVISING CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ZONING ORDINANCE TEXT AS DESCRIBED IN THE
FOLLOWING PARAGRAPHS
BE IT HEREBY ORDAINED, that the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance is hereby amended and
readopted by revising certain provisions of the Zoning Ordinance text as described as follows:
Amend Section 170-34-Conditional Uses, Agricultural District, A-1
Add Automotive Repair Garages, Mechanical and Body Shops.
Add Storage of Sewage Sludge, expressly subject to the requirements of the Appomattox County Code
Chapter 140-Land Application of Biosolids and §32.1-164.5 et seq. and §62.1-44. 19:3 et seq. of the Code of
Virginia (1950) as amended, and such other applicable County, Federal , and State statutes, ordinances, and
regulations as may be adopted from time to time. However, a conditional use permit shail not be required to
begin the storage of sewage sludge on property in an A-I zoning district as long as such sewage sludge is
being stored (a) solely for land application on the farm on which the storage facility is located and (b) for a
period no longer than forty-five (45) days.
Severability
Should any portion or provision of this ordinance be held by any court to be unconstitutional or invalid, that decision
shall not affect the validity of the ordinance as a whole, or any part of the ordinance other than the part held to be
unconstitutional or invalid.
Effective Date
This ordinance is effective upon adoption.
After reviewing the public testimony, the public record, the Planning Commission’s recommendation, and the goals
and objectives of the County’s Comprehensive Plan, Supervisor Conrad made a motion, seconded by Supervisor
Armbrust to amend and readopt the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance by revising certain provisions of the Zoning
Ordinance text as described in the attached ordinance.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Revision to inance to Amend to readopt th nd Application of
Biosolids Ordinance: