048
No. 73-A-10, located on Route 460 between Route 667 and Route 648. Property is
conditional zoned B-1. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to accept the Planning Commission
recommendation and approve petition number 99-388 of Friendship Baptist Church for a
conditional use permit to add sanctuary to existing church. Property is Tax Map No. 76-
4-1 and is located on Route 727 between Route 1065 and Route 642. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to accept the Planning Commission
recommendation and approve petition number 99-390 of David W. Mills for a
conditional use permit for home occupation (welding shop) in accessory building.
Property is Tax Map #64B-2-40, located on Route 26 between Route 678 and Route 677.
Property is zoned R-1. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence stated that he was not clear on what happened with Charles and Dorothy
Bub’s request and asked Mrs. Ferguson if she could give an explanation of the action that
was taken.
Mrs. Ferguson provided information concerning the procedure for dealing with a variance
request.
Mr. Torrence stated that he is sitting on a commercial lot and he felt that this was a
unique situation.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that Mr. Bub’s lot was presently zoned V-1.
Mr. Torrence questioned if there was any recourse on the part of the part to try to help
Mr. Bub?
Mrs. Ferguson explained that the only recourse for Mr. Bub was to go before the Circuit
Court Judge.
Mr. Carwile asked that Mrs. Ferguson check the ordinance to see if Mr. Bub requested a
rezoning to B-1 would this help his situation?
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board if they were prepared to act on Mrs. Vivian Seay’s
request for a special exception to the subdivision ordinance for the lot located on Tower
Hill Road?
Mr. Bosiger then explained that enclosed in the Board Book was a letter from Mr.
Caldwell explaining the events as they occurred with this property.
=