681
They have incorporated into this study a waterline from Concord for a 16” line, 8 miles
in length as well as updated cost estimates for the three options from 2003 study.
The 13 miles transmission line from Lynchburg — today’s dollars is about $13,000,000.00
for the construction costs; the surface water reservoir - $16,000,000.00 cost; the James
River intake $17,000,000.00 cost. The new alternative — the 16” line from Concord has
about price tag of about $5.5 million. It is important to remember that when you stay in
the water production business, you will end up with an operations maintenance costs at
approximately $1,000.00 per million gallons treated.
Mr. Rogers also discussed the pros and cons of the various alternatives presented.
Mr. Rogers concluded by saying that all information, including the Public Service
Authority should be ready by the February 2005 meeting. Also all questions should be
put in writing and presented to the Regional Commission by the middle of December,
2004.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board would do what is right for everyone.
Mr. John Wilson, Town Council, had several questions he felt would be beneficial to
those present. He is encouraged by the comment “that no decision has been made”
and he accepts that. However, comments and statements published in the newspapers
attributed to Council and Board members, lead him to believe a decision had been made
on the waterline from Lynchburg. He is happy to hear that that is not a given and is not
a full grown conclusion. He has reason to quarrel with some statements made tonight.
If our public officials are unwilling to accept the responsibility of providing the public
service, they can always resign or not seek re-election. He does not question the need
for a reliable water supply. The question, in his opinion, is should Appomattox develop
a its own resources or be dependent upon another government for its water supply?
Who would pay for the pipeline, or a reservoir and who would benefit the most? Is
Lynchburg or Campbell County willing to pay for the pipe line given they would derive
the most benefit and for all practical purposes control the water supply? Anytime you
concentrate such a value service as this, you become more vulnerable to tourist attacks.
Mr. Wilson also commented on the need to proceed with resources within the County as
opposed to securing water from adjoining counties.
Mr. Gillespie stated that the Regional Commission was not telling the County which way
they should proceed, they were just presenting the figures involved in the cost of
providing water to the Town and County.
Mr. Spiggle informed Town Council and the County Board of Supervisors that he had
obtained a video from the Conservation Board and sometimes between now and the
middle of January, he will send out invitations to about 30 to 45 community leaders to
view this video. He is only asking that those present to agree to have a community
effort to be able to preserve our community. He would also like to have Ed McMann,
who has worked with Commerce and Development for a long time and has a lot of good
ideas on how to improve development and that sort of thing, talk to us at that time.