112
Mr. Wingate stated that they would need some computer equipment, space for citizens
to wait and some confidential areas for interviews. They should take 6 or 8 days for
hearings, spread over a two week period.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Wingate for coming to the meeting and that from what feedback
he has received, everyone is pleased with the attitude and professionalism of his
employees.
Mr. Carter then called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Virginia uicentennial of the American Civil War
Please find enclosed information concerning the plans for the
anniversary of the Civil War. We have been asked to do two things. One is
to appoint a local person to the state committee. The second is to appoint a
local committee to be working on planning local events during this
celebration.
Recommendation: Staff recommends appointing Anne Dixon to serve on
the state committee. Also the suggested makeup of the local committee is
outlined on page two of the letter from the Speaker of the House, William
Howell. Please consider forming a committee to work on local events.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Town would most likely appoint Becky Nix to serve on this
committee as their representative. That being the case, Ms. Dixon and Ms. Nix could
work closely with those citizens asked to serve on the local committee, basically creating
one committee planning for local events.
If you have any suggestions for individuals to serve on this committee, please contact
Ms. Dixon.
After a list of the individuals has been submitted, the Board will be asked to make
appointments of the nominees selected for this committee.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to appoint Ms. Anne Dixon to serve
on the State Commission for the Virginia Sesquicentennial of the American Civil War
Commission. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
and Mr, Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Central Vi
The CVCSB is requesting that you adopt a resolution allowing them to issue
debt to finance the cost of acquiring, renovation and undertaking capital
improvements to the Courtland Project. Mr. Craft may wish to speak on this
matter.
Mr, Craft passed out a handout regarding the services offered by the Courtland Center.
This building is at 7” and Court Streets. Five or six years ago, when Mr. Moore was on
the Board, in order to get some money they had to set up a corporation to borrow the
money which they did at a rate of 7%. This grant expires the first of November. The
Board has gone to VACo and VML to borrow this money, at a rate of 4.38% plus closing