O74
Project, and to finance the Project with proceeds of one or more issues of tax-exempt bonds the
“bonds”);
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF THE
COUNTY AS FOLLOWS:
1. In connection with financing the Project, the Board of Supervisors declares its intend to
participate in, and the Superintendent, County Administrator and his designees, County
Attorney and Bond Counsel are authorized to take any and all actions necessary for the
County to participate in the VPSA’s Interest Rate Subsidy Financing through VPSA
School Financing Bonds Series 2001 B, in an amount of not to exceed $9,350.00.
2. The actions of the County Administrator, Superintendent, County Attorney, Bond
Counsel and any other agent, employee or representative of the County in completing and
submitting the Application to the VPSA are hereby authorized, approved and ratified.
3. The County Administrator and his designees, County Attorney, and Bond Counsel are
authorized to take any and all actions necessary for the Board of Supervisors to consider
final authorization of the Bonds, including but not limited to publication as required by
law of a notice of public hearing on final authorization of the Board of Supervisors of the
issuance of the Bonds.
4. This resolution shall take effect immediately upon its passage.
ADOPTED this 20" day of August, 2001.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
3. Board Appointments:
1. Library Board: Ms. Sheila Webb’s term has expired and a representative from
the Falling River District needs to be appointed. The appointee will serve a term
from July 1, 2001 to June 30, 2005.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Ms. Darlene Reed to the
Library Board for a 4 year term beginning July 1, 2001 to June 30, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
2. CVAAA Board of Directors: Mr. Lynn Doss’ term on this Board has expired.
Mr. Doss is eligible and has expressed a desire to serve for another term. Does
the Board wish to appoint Mr. Doss to serve another term?
Mr. Carter stated Mr. Doss was a very dedicated member of the Board. He was recently
appointed Treasurer. He feels Mr. Doss will do an excellent job in this capacity.
On a motion by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr. Carwile, Mr. Lynn Doss was appointed to serve
another term on the Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.