484
9. Region 2000 Board of Directors:
Claude Allen Moore has asked to be replaced on the Region 2000 Board of Directors. An
appointment needs to be made from the private sector.
Mr. Kendrick asked that he also be replaced as the Board of Supervisors’ representative on
this Board.
Mr. Moore informed the other Board members that due to the nature of his business it was often
difficult for C. A. Moore to attend the Region 2000 meetings.
Mr. Kendrick suggested that this appointment be tabled until the next meeting and that Mr. Carroll
send Mr. C. A. Moore a letter thanking him for his service to the County.
Since Mr. Kendrick is now working out of town most of the time, it is very difficult for him to attend
meetings, therefore, he would appreciate another member of the Board of Supervisors to replace him
on the Region 2000 Board of Directors.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have Samuel Carter serve on the Region
2000 Board of Directors as the representative from the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
10. Social Services Board:
Mr. David Austin’s term on the Social Services Board will expire June 2001. Since Mr.
Austin has served for two terms, he cannot be reappointed. An appointment needs to be
made from the Appomattox River District.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Mr. Willie Craft to the Social
Services Board for a term beginning June 2001. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
11. | Comprehensive Plan:
John Spencer has scheduled a meeting at 5:30 p.m. on April 30, 2001 at the Appomattox
Community Center. The purpose of this meeting is to assist with the visioning process for
the Comprehensive Plan. Expenses will include a box dinner and a speaker’s fee of $200.00.
Mr. Carroll is requesting the Board approve this meeting and the expenditures involved.
After a short discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the proposed
plan for the Comprehensive Plan Visioning meeting to be held on April 30, 2001. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick then asked the Board to consider the Consent Agenda: (items 12-25)
12. Approval of Minutes:
Minutes of the Organizational Meeting on January 3, 2001; Regular Meeting on January 22,