02/
Appomattox and will in effect borrow any sum drawn on the letter of credit by VDOT in
accordance with the signed agreement of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and VDOT dated June 28, 1999.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into the following
agreement with VDOT:
THIS AGREEMENT made this 28 day of June, 1999, by and between the County of
Appomattox, a political subdivision of the Commonwealth of Virginia, hereinafter
referred to as the COUNTY, party of the first part, and the Commonwealth of Virginia,
Department of Transportation, hereinafter referred to as the DEPARTMENT, party of the
second part; and
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth Transportation Board has, subject to certain
contingencies, allocated an amount not to exceed $350, 000 from the Industrial, Airport,
and Rail Access Fund to assist in providing access to the previously mentioned parcels,
such being designated as project 075 1-006-206,N501; and ,
WHEREAS, the COUNTY hereby acknowledges and agrees to the contingencies of the
this allocation, as set forth in the April 15, 1999, resolution of the Commonwealth
Transportation Board, which is made a part of this agreement by reference; and,
WHEREAS, the parties hereto mutually desire to contribute towards the construction of
the access road; and,
WHEREAS, the COUNTY desires to participate in the development of project through
its capabilities and/or those of its agent.
NOW, THEREFORE, witness that for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
A. The COUNTY will:
1. Provide the necessary right of way and any required slope and /or drainage
easements for this project at no cost to the DEPARTMENT.
2. Prepare any required environmental documents and secure all necessary local,
state, and federal permits required for the proposed construction at no cost to the
DEPARTMENT.
3. Cause any utilities in conflict with the construction of this project to be adjusted,
including the cost of any installations and related engineering, at no cost to the
DEPARTMENT.
4. Provide preliminary engineering services in preparation of plans for Project 0751-
006-206,N50, described as the construction of a new access road 0.08 mile in
length from its intersection with Route 26 and the widening of Route 26 to
provide turn lanes from both directions in to the Appomattox Industrial Park.
Procurement of such services shall be pursuant to the Virginia Public