156
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizen Public Comments. This time is provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizen.
Mr. Carter next skipped to Administrative item -#2 - Planning Commission appointment.
Mr. Conrad asked that Administrative item #4-Appointment to Economic Development
should be discussed at the same time as Administrative Item#2. After discussion, it was a
decided by board that the appointment to the Planning Commission- Falling River
District and the appointment to the Economic Development Authority would be tabled
until Mr. Overstreet could research on whether a citizen could serve on both boards at
same time. It was the consensus of the board to table these two items until the January
meeting.
Mr. Carter then called on Ms, Jen Otey who was speaking in place of Dr. John McGee
who was not able to attend meeting.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Roark to introduce Ms. Jen Otey, Geospatial Project Developer
from Virginia Tech.
Before introducing Ms. Otey, Mr. Roark briefly discussed the work session that staff had
with Dr. McGee in May of 2007. Dr. McGee is the Virginia Geospatial Extension
Specialist out of Virginia Tech. The board previously authorized staff to work with Dr.
McGee to develop a “matrix” or “master plan” of establishing a Geographic Information
System (GIS) for the county staff and ultimately county citizens.
Mr. Roark explained that Dr. McGee had made several visits to the county including a
training workshop at CVCC-Appomattox Center in which about 20 county staff attended.
In September Dr. McGee also held individual interviews with various departments to
glean ideas from each department as to the usefulness of this tool in their daily job
performance. From these activities Jen Otey who has been working with Dr. McGee on
this project would like to formally present their findings to the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Roark then introduced Ms. Otey and she presented a power point presentation on
establishing a roadmap for GIS implementation in Appomattox County and on what GIS
is, and how it could be beneficial to the county.
Ms. Otey explains that the matrix is simply meant to provide a path for achieving a full
functioning GIS. The path which the County chooses to go down will depend on many
factors, most notably funding. By accepting the matrix, the County is not committing to
any funding.
Mr. Armbrust questioned who would be responsible in maintaining this program. Ms.
Otey explained that Region 2000 would maintain the parcel update, but someone possibly
a GIS coordinator would also be needed to keep this program updated.