645
Response was that the facility would be open to the public, if anyone wished to use the facility
and be willing to pay the tipping fee.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve for reason of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare and good zoning practice the Petition #04-536 of BFI Transfer
Systems of Virginia, LLC and Clayton C. Bryant, to rezone 12.15 acres located on Route 460
between Route 609 and Route 608 from Commercial District B-1 to Industrial District M-1, tax
map #60-(8)12, as proffered by applicants. (See below). VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve Petition #04-536 of BFI
Transfer Systems of Virginia, LLC and Clayton C. Bryant, for a Conditional Use Permit to
operate a solid waster transfer station on 12.15 acres located on Route 460 between Route 609
and Route 608 from Commercial District B-1 to Industrial District M-1, tax map #60-(8)12, with
proffers as follows:
Proposed Conditions to be attached to
Conditional Use Permit requested by BFI
1. The Transfer Station shall meet all of the requirements of the Commonwealth of Virginia
Department of Environmental Quality and any applicable Federal regulations.
2. The Transfer Station will, at a maximum, only be allowed to receive waste between the
hours of 6:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday and between the hours of 6:00
a.m. and 3:00 p.m. on Saturday or as required due to force majeure or as allowed by
special permission of the County Administrator.
3. The Transfer Station shall not handle toxic or hazardous waste as those terms are defined
by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality or the Environmental Protection
Agency.
4. The Transfer Station shall contain sufficient landscape buffering, to include berms and
plantings, to adequately screen surrounding properties in a manner to be approved by the
County at the time of Plan of Development review.
5. The Transfer Station shall contain lighting designed so as to cause the least impact to the
surrounding properties and roads, and as approved by the County at the time of Plan of
Development review.
6. The Applicant will make those improvements required by VDOT in relation to the
extension of the deceleration lane on 460 East and the improvement of the right turn lane
on State Route 609 South reasonably necessary to adequately serve the Transfer Station.
7. The Applicant shall daily monitor and clean up trash along the County and State right of
ways on both sides of Route 460 and Route 609 on all sections of those roads either
adjacent to or within 100 yards of the Transfer Station boundary. With permission of
adjoining property owners, the Applicant shall remove any wind blown debris from
adjacent properties originating from the Transfer Station.
8. Upon the opening of the Transfer Station for use by the Applicant, the Applicant will
provide land for a convenience center on the property or immediately adjacent property
for use by residents of Appomattox County at such time as the need is identified by the