296
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson
County Administrator, Appomattox County
Appomattox, Va 24522
Reference: Re-Zoning Petition 00-424, Appomattox County
Dear Ms. Ferguson:
This letter is to affirm and document our disapproval to re-zone the reference property form A-1 to
Mm-1.
This referenced property is located on a “dead-end” road and is bounded by residential and
agricultural properties owned by long established community members. The road leading to the
referenced property, Route 741 - Station Lane (narrow passage), is anarrow road by definition. This
lane enters/exits across from the entrance/exit to Carson’s Store which will create a traffic hazard.
The community members, who live in this area, consist of elderly residents and residents with young
children. Increased usage of the surrounding roads, which have no sidewalks, by trucks and trailers
will increase the likelihood of injury or death to these residents. These surrounding properties
consist of neatly kept houses, with well kept lawns, interspersed with tree groves, pasture land and
underbrush. This area is unmarred by the industrial blight requested by the referenced re-zoning
petition.
Every area we have seen around Concord, where the reference trucks and trailers reside, are bleak
areas. These areas have been leveled and stripped of all vegetation, with rusty truck parts and metal
junk strewn everywhere, and red mud oozing from in and around the perimeter of these inadequately
developed desolate areas.
Most properties which surround the referenced property have their houses facing this property. This
eyesore would not be in the residents back yard, but rather in their front yard. No planning
commission in the world could “in good conscience”condone that. If re-zoning is needed “... to
Allow Truck and Trailer storage...” why have Trucks and Trailers been on this reference property for
years and are still there today - is that NOT Truck and Trailer storage - before the fact?
W need your help to keep this area of neatly kept houses, with well kept laws, interspersed with tree
groves, pasture land, and underbrush - the residential and agricultural area it has always been. We
need your help to keep out of this area, land which has been leveled and stripped of all vegetation,
with rusty truck parts and metal junk strewn everywhere, and red mud oozing from in and around
the perimeter of an inadequately developed desolate area.
We hope you will decide NOT to re-zone the reference property from A-1 to M-1 because if you do,
your decision will probably be viewed by other counties as “What NOT to do”.
Your help to defeat this request will be greatly appreciated.