268
not feel that safety was an issue here.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Herman Thomas to come before the Board.
Mr. Thomas began by giving his address as Route 669, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Thomas began
by saying that he was against the use of rifles in Appomattox County. Mr. Thomas stated that he was
in the military service for thirty-four years and he knew first hand what a rifle can do. Mr. Thomas
continued that the last speaker had stated that this was not a safety issue but to him this was a safety
issue. Mr. Thomas explained that with a shotgun you could only shoot within sight of what you
could see where with a rifle once it leaves your sight you don’t know where that bullet is going. Mr.
Thomas continued that wind factors, weather factors, can effect where that bullet is going. Mr.
Thomas explained that the bullet could ricochet. Mr. Thomas stated that in his subdivision one of
the neighbors was target practicing and accidentally shot another neighbors dog. In closing Mr.
Thomas stated that if you must make an error, error on the side of safety.
Mr. Moore then called on Betty A. Bryan to come forward.
Mrs. Bryan came forward and gave her address as Route 2 Box 106M, Concord, Virginia. Mrs.
Bryan began by saying that she was not in favor of the use of rifles in Appomattox County. Mrs.
Bryan stated that she did not believe that our terrain was suited for hunting with rifles. Mrs. Bryan
stated that we have too many people coming into our area as it is to hunt and that if the Board
allowed rifles there would be more. Mrs. Bryan continued that her family has had many unfavorable
experiences with shotgun hunters during hunting season. Mrs. Bryan continued that shotgun pellets
have bounced off her roof and that of her parents. Mrs. Bryan stated that hunters have cut their
fences, shot livestock and even threatened her husband on their own land. Mrs. Bryan explained that
hunters line the roads many with a gun in one hand and a beer in the other. Mrs. Bryan asked if the
Board of Supervisors was willing to commit tax dollars for additional wardens to patrol during
hunting season? Mrs. Bryan asked if the Board were willing to loose the taxpaying citizens who
were not willing to subject their families to the potential dangers? Mrs. Bryan asked what possible
benefit could hunting with rifles add to the community? Mrs. Bryan then listed several complaints
with hunting season as it is now. Mrs. Bryan in closing asked that the Board deny the use of rifles
in Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Howard Bryan to come forward.
Mr. Bryan began by giving his address as Route 2 Box 106M. Concord, Virginia. Mr. Bryan
continued by giving some of his background as a Marine officer. Mr. Bryan explained that he had
received lots of training with a high powered rifle and that he still did not feel proficient using a high
powered rifle. Mr. Bryan continued that the community was changing, farms were growing up and
the area becoming more populated. Mr. Bryan stated that their house has been hit three times with
shots and the last time a window in his daughters bedroom was broken. Mr. Bryan in closing, stated