029
Commonwealth Transportation Board’s resolution of April 15, 1999, and in no
case shall the total reimbursement by the DEPARTMENT exceed $350,000.
4. Determine eligible capital outlay according to current policy and procedure.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board had been looking into the possibility of
combining several part time jobs into one and making a full time position. Mr. Bosiger
continued that since the Board was going to allow VHDA to restructure prior to making
any changes in the Rental Assistance Program that Mrs. Ferguson was asking permission
to pursue the possibility of joining with another locality for a CSA Coordinator.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to coordinate with another
locality to provide services for the CSA Program.
Mr. Bosiger next turned the other members of the Board’s attention to the tourism report
provided by Mr. Carroll. Mr. Bosiger explained that the SCV would like permission to
hold the reenactment on the Recreational/IDA Facility next year.
Mr. Carroll explained that the IDA did not have a problem with this as long as the IDA
was held harmless during this event.
By consensus of the Board it was agreed to allow the SCV to hold the reenactment on the
recreation facility as long as the County is held harmless in the event of an accident.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several requests for permission to attend Convention
/Education events.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for two people to go with
Regional Renaissance to Chattanooga and for the Board to pay their expenses. Also, the
Board approved for Mr. Lawson to attend the Commonwealth’s Attorney Seminar and
pay his expenses. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Lawson was suggesting that the 83 acres that have
been donated to the Athletic Complex be surveyed at an approximate cost of $3,000.00.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the cost for the survey would be recouped when the property
was sold.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to proceed with
surveying the 83 acres donated to the Athletic Complex with the understanding that when
the property is sold this expense will be deducted from the proceeds. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for an appropriation from the Law Library Fund for
the month of June 1999.