157
WHEREAS, the Act and state regulations adopted by the Governor under the Act allows
the jurisdictions within a workforce development area to enter into a “consortium
agreement” to define their roles and relationships in administering their responsibilities
under the Act; and
WHEREAS, the Act requires the Chief Elected Official (County Board Chairperson) or
his/her designee to perform several duties which assure local government control over
the Local Plan adopted in our Workforce Development Area; and
WHEREAS, the Counties in this Workforce Investment Area need to adopt a formal
consortium agreement between them for filing with the Governor.
NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors that the County Board Chairperson be and hereby is authorized to execute
the “CHARTER CHIEF LOCAL ELECTED OFFICIAL CONSORTIUM
AGREEMENT?” of the South Central Workforce Investment Area under the Workforce
Investment Act (P.L. 105-220) which is attached hereto and made a part hereof.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, nay.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department had an old
truck that they wished to donate to the Town and were asking permission of the Board to
do so.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Appomattox Volunteer
Fire Department to donate an old truck to the Town of Appomattox. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Habitat for Humanity that the landfill fees for
their next project be waived.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to waive landfill fees for Habitat for
Humanity for their next project. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that a forum for newly elected supervisors was being held in
January and that Mrs. Ferguson was requesting permission to pay expenses for Mr.
Kendrick and Mr. Hancock if they wished to attend.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay expenses for Mr. Kendrick
and Mr. Hancock to attend the Supervisors Forum in Richmond in January. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.