oof
Mrs. Carol Donato of Appomattox came forward and stated that Mr. Maye was a very good
tenant, has no alcoholic beverages on the premises and he runs a clean shop. She did not for see
any problems.
Mr. Tony Maye came forward and stated he did not foresee any problems with the operation of
this business and has not had any complaints thus far.
Mr. Stidham called for any further comments for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Stidham read the next petition.
01-476 - Joseph P. & Emily J. Sayers - Conditional Use Permit to expand scope of bed and
breakfast to include additional bedrooms/guests, public meeting and assembly facilities, and on-
site catering per ยง170-34 of the Appomattox Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route
613 between Route 647 and Route 608, Tax Map #37(A)9, and is zoned A-1.
Mr. Stidham called for comments regarding this petition.
Mr. Evans Thomas came forward and stated he was speaking for Mr. & Mrs. Sayers as their attorney.
Mr. Thomas distributed pictures of the property when purchased and since the renovations have been
done. They were asking to expand the scope of their bed and breakfast. The current zoning and
building permit allows them to have only five (5) overnight guests and they would like to increase
that to a maximum of 15 bedrooms and thirty (30) overnight guests. Additionally, they are seeking
on-site catering services and assembly uses for weddings, meetings, conferences (both indoor and
outdoor) as well as picnics. All events would be between the hours of 10 A.M. and 12:00 midnight.
There is adequate parking on the property, VDOT has approved the entrances and all this fits in well
with the rural setting. Behind the property is a hill approximately 30 feet in height thus creating a
barrier with any neighboring properties. There are no neighbors to the front of the property. The
Sayers are currently working with the building official to come into compliance with building and
fire code requirements. The Sayers has put much love and attention into renovating this property and
feel this use will have a positive impact on tourism as well as the surrounding property.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for and against this petition. Hearing no further comments, and
there being no further petitions, Mr. Stidham turned the hearing over to Mr. Kendrick, Chairman of
the Board of Supervisors.
The public hearing was closed at 7:23 P.M.
a cry & Kendrick, Cina