653
Mr. Pickett next called for comments on the next item on the agenda.
3b. Old Elementary School:
Mr. Pickett stated that the School Board was working on a proposal to the Board ofSupervisors regarding the use of the Old Elementary School. However, they would needsome additional time as they are looking at various options.
The suggestion was made that a committee made of one Board Member, one School BoardMember and 2 or 3 citizens. Another suggestion was one School Board member, one BoardMember and one Town Council member with each appointing a citizen.
School Board may want to utilize the facility. However, if the School Board continues to operatethe facility, it will impact the School Board’s budget.
Mr. Fred Lawson was recognized by Mr. Pickett and suggested using the facility as a communitycenter with there being no expense to the County or the School Board. Mr. Lawson feels he can
guarantee no cost to the County. Would like to see everything kept in town, not moved out on
Route 613.
Suggestion was made to form a committee similar to the Road Naming Committee to come upwith a suggestion that would create a use that would be self sustaining, and beneficial to thecommunity at large.
Mr. Carroll will notify the Town Council of the proposed committee.
At 7:04 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn the Board ofSupervisors meeting with the School Board continuing with their meeting. VOTE: Mr.Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
On Monday, December 3, 2001, at 6:00 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court
Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: _ Jerry G. Kendrick , Chairman - Appomattox River District
Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator