389
of Supervisors members the same as any other County Employee. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, nay; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legal
issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matters.
At 8:17 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:55 P.M. seconded by Mr. Kendrick it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meeting
this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of
the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was
conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public
business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
VDOT has requested that the Board of Supervisors pass two resolutions regarding The Country
Haven Estates Sub-Division roads and Porter House Road prioritization.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the property owners residing in Country Haven Subdivision located in Stonewall
Magisterial District have requested the Virginia Department of Transportation to provide an estimate
for the construction of 0.80 mile of Chestnut Mountain Drive from Route 750 (end of state
maintenance, 1.00 mile west Route 611) to 0.80 mile west of Rote 750 (end of state maintenance,
1.00 mile west Route 611) to the requirements of the Virginia Department of Transportation and
WHEREAS, The Virginia Department of Transportation has provided an estimate for the cost for
said subdivision street and the affected property owners have donated through the county