611
role they played in getting this job done. We each know that was not an easy task, but the task
was fulfilled.
Mr. Carter read the Proclamation and recognized the following: Steve Lawson, Town of
Appomattox; Susan Hudson, Town of Pamplin; Kevin O’Brien, Appomattox River District; and
Steve Connor, Courthouse District.
Mr. Moore recognized Hunt Hamilton, Committee Member from the Piney Mountain District:
and the members of the Sub-Committee: Anne Miller, Ray Page, June Page, and Martha
Watkins. Mr. Moore congratulated each of these citizens for a job well done.
Mr. Carwile then recognized Laura Krajewski & Jerry Harvey, Committee Members from the
Wreck Island District and the Sub-Committee members: Frances Dyess, Gary Tanner, Janet
Goin, Bob Dalton and Susan Roope. Mr. Carwile stated that this group had done a splendid job
and in a very timely manner.
Mr. Hancock recognized Darlene Reed, Committee Member of the Falling River District and
Sub-committee member, Lannis Selz for a job well done. There was only one slight problem
concerning the “bridges” but they were able to work that out.
Mr. Stidham handed out Certificates of Appreciation to the members of the Road Naming Sub-
Committees.
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor’s Concerns: There were no Supervisor’s Concerns at this
time.
At 6:12 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion to close this meeting in order to discuss matters exempt
under §2.2-3711 A .7 of the Code of Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel, seconded by Mr.
Hancock. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:33 p.m. Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to return to the regular
meeting. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. More, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certification:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A.7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of legal consultation;
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.