190
Mr. Kendrick stated that he felt the Board members owed it to one another to get something on
that magnitude on the agenda so that each member can understand it before he shows up for the
meeting. He continued that he felt that it was just good etiquette. Mr. Kendrick then asked if it
was the consensus of the other members of the Board that the Board adopt this as a policy?
Mr. Carwile stated that he had no problem with it.
Mr. Moore stated that it was fine with him.
Mr. Carter stated that he agreed.
Mr. Moore asked that Mrs. Ferguson make Mr. Hancock aware of the policy.
Mr. Moore next presented the next item on the agenda, Landfill Financial Assurance. Mr. Moore
asked Mr. Carroll to come forward and give a report to the Board.
Mr. Carroll began that he had attended the meeting in Richmond concerning landfill financial
assurance. Mr. Carroll stated that there was a draft bill 5844 which would require the escrow
funds for closure and post-closure care cost. Mr. Carroll continued that this entire bill was
specifically homing in on localities that have landfills. In particular those that use the financial test
as financial assurance. Mr. Carrroll continued with an explanation of the proposed bill.
A lengthy discussion followed.
Mr. Carroll then presented information concerning the need for hiring someone to haul cover
material from the borrow area at the landfill to be placed at the present cell. Mr. Carroll explained
that he had received several quotes for hauling 10,000 cubic yards of cover material.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to hire a contractor to move 10,000 cubic
yards of soil from the borrow area to the working face and appropriate $15,000.00 to cover this
expense. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Hancock joined the meeting.
Mr. Moore explained that the Board needed to appropriate $164,052.00 from the Capital
Improvement Fund to pay Courtland for the property for the new elementary school.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that $164,052.00 be appropriated from the
Capital Improvement Fund to pay for the elementary school property. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore explained that there had been a request that the Board take action on Mr. Clayton
Bryant’s petition tonight. Mr. Moore then asked Mr. Hancock what the Planning Commission
recommended on this petition?