034
meeting was to conduct a more descriptive evaluation process of renovating the
elementary school. Mr. Carter stated that at this time the architect and engineer were
ready to convey to the Board the results of that committee meeting.
Mr. Blair Smith of Fauber Architects, Inc. began by giving a brief history of the project.
Mr. Smith explained that in the beginning his firm had been commissioned to look into
the renovation of and addition to the present elementary school. Mr. Smith explained that
he would like to address some of the pro’s and con’s associated with the existing site.
Mr. Smith provided a model of the existing school in order to help everyone visualize
what Fauber had proposed for renovation and new construction. Mr. Smith provided
construction dates for the various additions that had been put onto the original building
and dates for the other repairs that had been done to the existing elementary school. Mr.
Smith explained that some of the windows that have been replaced are presently leaking.
Mr. Smith continued that the original portion of the school is a wood frame structure.
Mr. Smith explained that this poses some problems when it comes to renovation. Mr.
Smith then explained that the next portion of the building was a steel frame structure and
that another portion was framed with concrete joists. Mr. Smith continued that one of the
problems with the lot was that there was a very narrow strip of land in front of the school
and most of the land was behind the school. Mr. Smith then presented the floor plan in
the existing building. Mr. Smith continued that 68% of the classrooms do not meet the
minimum size requirements of the State Department of Education. Mr. Smith stated that
this was further complicated by trying to add computers in the classrooms. Mr. Smith
explained that this school was designed as a high school and that high schools and
elementary schools did not have the same space requirements. Mr. Smith explained some
of the problems with trying to add on to this school. Mr. Smith stated that from an
architectural standpoint the ideal thing would be to tear down everything from the gym
towards 460 which is the older part of the school. Mr. Smith gave a brief explanation
concerning operations and maintenance costs. Mr. Smith explained that there were also
concerns with how do you renovate and educate at the same time. Mr. Smith then
discussed the circulation patterns for school buses and parents dropping off and picking
up children. Mr. Smith then asked Mr. Earl Dickerson with Hurt and Proffitt to give a
brief rundown on the sites and related costs and problems.
Mr. Earl Dickerson began by explaining that Hurt and Proffitt had conducted a study of
the site for the proposed renovation and that this presentation would be made in two
parts. Mr. Dickerson noted that the actual costs for site improvements for renovation
would be presented by Stewart Rayburn. Mr. Dickerson continued that he would follow
up with issues that they feel are paramount as far as the design of a site dealing with
safety.
Mr. Rayburn explained that they would provide several different options for the proposed
renovation site. Mr. Rayburn continued that one of their mayor concerns was getting
vehicular traffic off of business 460 because it was a very busy road. Mr. Rayburn
continued that one way to accomplish this would be to put the front of the school in the
back and have the vehicles come to the back. Mr. Rayburn provided two options for
getting the vehicles to the back of the property and they are as follows: