647
the original Carver-Price School Building as discussed in the very beginning. This should not
cause any conflicts with our existing priorities or uses of the school.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to have Mr. Overstreet draft a Lease
Agreement for an amount of $1.00 per year, for the original four rooms of the Carver-Price
School Building with the Carver-Price Alumni Association for use as a museum. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
4. Resolution Request for Funding State Parks: The Cumberland County Board of
Supervisors is requesting that the Board adopt a resolution requesting that funds be
allocated to support additional operation and maintenance of improvements made to the
State Parks.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt the following resolution that funds be
allocated to support additional operation and maintenance of improvements made to the State
Parks.
RESOLUTION
ON REBENCHMARKING THE STAFFING AND OPERATIONAL AND MAINTENANCE
FUNDING FOR VIRGINIA STATE PARKS
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors commends Governor Warner and the Senate of
Virginia and House of Delegates for working cooperatively with the Department of Conservation and
Recreation in their support of Virginia’s state park system; and
WHEREAS, Virginia’s state parks were voted “America’s best managed” in 2001 and became recipients
of the National Gold Medal Award; and
WHEREAS, Virginia’s state parks rank fiftieth in the state funding among the fifty states in both per
capita and proportion of the state budget dedicated to state parks; and
WHEREAS, our state park system is a major component of Virginia’s outdoor recreation and tourism
offerings and contributes more than one hundred fifty million dollars annually to the state and local
economies; and
WHEREAS, Virginia voters demonstrated both in 1992 and 2002 support for improving and expanding
state parks with nearly seventy per cent support for general obligation bond referendums in state-wide
elections; and
WHEREAS, the need for a major rebenchmarking of funding and staffing for state parks has been
identified and supported by the former Commission on the Future of Virginia’s Environment (2002 Senate
Document 4); and
WHEREAS, preventive, cyclical and maintenance reserve projects have been deferred for many years as
those funds have been by necessity redirected to operations resulting in hundreds of million of dollars in
deferred maintenance; and
WHEREAS, the expansion in facilities and responsibilities made possible by the 1992 and 2002 general
obligation bond projects has placed unreasonable and extraordinary stress on our state park system and its
staff; and