disappointed to hear that certain individuals believed that we had withheld information.
As the engineers for the Site Selection Committee, we had nothing to gain by
withholding information. We told the Committee and the joint Board’s everything that
we had been told by all the local officials relative to all the sites under consideration.”
Mr. Torrence stated that he felt Mr. Bosiger was right and that somehow the Board
needed to clear the smoke for the sake of our architect and engineer. Mr. Torrence
continued that he was not surprised that Mr. Carwile did not offer any substantial proof
because there is none. Mr. Torrence addressed Mr. Carwile and stated that he was
disappointed that he did not offer an apology or to correct this information.
Mr. Torrence then made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board of Supervisors
does not have any reason to believe that there was any wrong doing by the Site Selection
Committee, Hurt & Proffitt or Fauber Architects in regards to the selection of a site for
the elementary school.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Bosiger to restate the motion.
Mr. Bosiger restated the motion.
Mr. Bosiger called for a vote:
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye, Mr.
Carwile, abstained because he said that the words that had been placed and written in the
paper were not his words.
Mr. Moore asked if Mr. Bosiger had called for discussion on this motion?
Mr. Bosiger answered that he thought that he had.
Mr. Moore felt that this was the appropriate time to bring out a few things. Mr. Moore
explained that he had not said that there was any wrongdoing but he had felt
uncomfortable when he found out that there were several entrances to the property that
had not been mentioned. Mr. Moore continued that when he first began looking into this
property he had understood that there was only one entrance to the property and that he
was going to attempt to contact Ms. Jones to see if property could be purchased from her
for an entrance. Mr. Moore gave some background on the Courtland tract. Mr. Moore
continued that during his research he found that Courtland had more property that could
be purchased and used for entrances. Mr. Moore stated that from a financial aspect the
Courtland tract was the more favorable tract. Mr. Moore in closing stated that he did not
feel that it was a cover-up only an oversight on the part of the Site Selection Committee.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter asked if there was any new information concerning Emanuel Tire of Virginia?
Mrs. Ferguson stated that there was not.