(op)
~O
Ol
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the three (3) proposed
ordinances;
a) Chapter 71, Erosion and Sediment Control Ordinance
b) Chapter 170, Section 97.1, Joint Board of Zoning Appeals (revision)
c) Chapter 170, Articles XXI, Intensive Livestock Ordinance.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to amend the Intensive Livestock
Ordinance for public health and safety reasons basically regulating the application of biosolids,
in light of Virginia Institute of Marine Sciences study as cited in the Richmond Times Dispatch
this date. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
3. Budget Work Plan: Proposed budget work plan for consideration, discussion and
alteration.
Mr. Carroll stated this was basically a schedule of possible budget work sessions in order for the
Board to be able to meet the deadlines for the public hearing on proposed tax rate, and the setting
of the tax rate in order to meet the June 5 deadline for collection of taxes.
Mr. Carter stated he could not attend the meeting on March 16, 2002. This schedule was
agreeable to the rest of the Board. They will meet at 9:00 a.m. on Saturdays and 6:30 p.m. on
Mondays.
Proposed FY03 Budget Work Plan
Monday, January 28 Send out budget worksheets to departments
Wednesday, February 20 Receive budget worksheets back from the various
departments
Friday, March 1 Budget packet goes to board members for initial review
Saturday, March 9 Budget work session (9:00 A.M.)
Monday, March 11 Budget work session to meet with constitutional officers,
independent agencies, special requests and department
heads to go over proposed budgets and requests (6:30
P.M.)
Saturday, March 16 Budget work session (9:00 A.M.)
Monday, March 18 Set proposed tax rate for advertisement for Public hearing
scheduled for April 1(possibly also advertise budget for
public hearing on April 1) (6:30 P.M.)
Monday, March 25 Budget work session (if needed) (6:30 P.M.)
Monday, April 1 Public hearing on proposed tax rate (budget?)
(6:30 P.M.)