Discussion followed as the proposed design for the Sheriff's Department addition.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to invite Mr. Craddock to
meet with the Board to discuss the design for the Sheriff's Office addition.
Mr. Bosiger then asked if the Board would like to recess for five minutes.
At 8:00 P.M. the Board recessed for approximately five minutes.
At 8:15 P.M. Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Moore joined the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. William Stratton had requested the Board to act on his
zoning petition at this meeting.
Mr. Moore explained that the Planning Commission had recommended approval of Mr.
Stratton’s petition.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition number 99-397
of William A. and Arlene P. Stratton to rezone property from A-1 to M-1 with
conditional use permit for manufacturing musical instruments. Property is Tax Map No.
76-A-158 located on Route 635 between Route 1101 and Business 460. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Caldwell if he could meet with the Board to discuss Mr.
Leon Lewis request to place additional mobile homes on his property zoned A-1 and
located on Route 60.
Mr. Caldwell explained the facts concerning Mr. Lewis’ request as he knew them and
various options were discussed as to what Mr. Lewis could do to meet the requirements
of the ordinance. Mr. Caldwell explained that what Mr. Lewis wished to do did not meet
the requirements of the ordinance prior to the change that the Board approved.
Being no further business Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary
to discuss the acquisition of real estate under section 2.1-344.3(a).
At 8:32 P.M. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into
executive session to discuss a real estate matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:07 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted: