635
On Monday, September 20, 2004 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at 6:30 p.m. in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Jr., Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. Overstreet — County Attorney
John K. Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to give the
invocation.
Mr. Carter stated the first order of business is Setting the Agenda: Item 20A -
Supervisor Concerns needs to be added.
Mr. Carter next called for the Citizens Public Comments Period: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of
importance or concern to the citizen.
No one signed up to speak at this time.
Mr. Carter then moved to the Administrative Items: (Items 1-6)
1. Abandonment of State Route 710: Letter has been received from VDOT
concerning the abandonment of State Route 710. The National Historical Park
Service has requested that this road be abandoned and the proper procedures
have been followed.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to approve the request to abandon
State Route 710 as requested by National Historical Park Service and approved by
VDOT. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Use of County Property for Railroad Festival Weekend: The Town of
Appomattox is requesting the use of the courthouse square and the new parking
lot for the 32" Annual Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival beginning on Friday
afternoon, October 8" thru Sunday, October 10", 2004. The Sheriff has agreed
to make arrangements for his vehicles during this period of time.
Mr. Conrad stated that since the space has been made available in the past, he did not
see any problem with approving this request.