43]
Mr. Moore called for action from the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to eliminate the advertised Maintenance
Supervisor’s position. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to advertise to contract HVAC services for the
County of Appomattox. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the County hire Mr. Hal Craddock
(Craddock-Cunningham Architect Partners) on an hourly basis to modify the existing architectural
drawings for the Courthouse Renovations Project. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore asked for Supervisors Concerns. There were none.
The Board next considered Administrative Items: (Items 1 -9)
1. Elementary School Financing:
The Requests for Proposals sent out to banks for the interim financing of the Elementary
School project were due in the County Administrator’s Office no later than 2:00 P.M. this date. Mr.
Carroll explained that we received four (4) proposals: Sun Trust, First Virginia, Wachovia and
BB&T. In looking over these proposals and speaking with Mr. Daniel Siegel; Sun Trust presented
the best proposal with a monthly interest payback of 4.48% and a quarterly of 4.5% representing
about one-half per cent better than the next lowest proposal.
There was some discussion regarding the proposals received.
Mr. Carroll also presented the Board with an updated status report on the new elementary school.
If the Board is satisfied with this update, we need to establish interim financing to allow for a two
(2) year bank note. If the financing is performed in this calender year it will be bank qualified and
would therefore provide a better interest rate. This rate was reflected in the proposals received.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the updated status report. Several members question why
the plan is a 600 student building but does not include the second grade wing, and has the
gymnasium, music room, etc., listed as a possible add/alternate to the base unit.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the proposal from Sun Trust for
$7.5 million in literary loan anticipatory notes. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board write a letter to the School
Board voicing displeasure at the current Elementary School Design, etc. and asking if the School
Board has in fact looked at all the avenues for a building including a gymnasium, etc., with the $9