673
On Monday, November 15, 2004 at 6:15 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors held a public hearing to receive comments on the lease of the Old
Appomattox Elementary School. This public hearing was held in Council Chambers of
the Appomattox Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas E. Conrad — Falling River District
William H. Craft- Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
J. Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:15 p.m Mr. Carter opened the public hearing and read the following statement:
“This Public Hearing will be held in accordance with §15.2-1813 and 15.2-1800 of the
Code of Virginia, to consider leasing of real property.
Appomattox County is considering leasing a portion of the Carver Price Educational
Center to the Carver Price Alumni Association for use as a museum.”
Mr. Carter called for comments regarding this issue:
Mr. Mark Peak — Attorney with Caske & Frost. Mr. Peak is representing the Carver-
Price Alumni Association. He is asking for clarifications on several portions of the lease.
In particular, the grounds for the lease, what portions of the Carver Price Building will be
included in the lease. An independent committee met and examined the lease and
recommended the front wing of the Carver Price High School. This is imperative to the
use and function that the CPAA wants to put the building to for the Carver Price Legacy
Museum, they need the room that includes the entire front wing. He stated that in
speaking with Mrs. Ferguson she indicated that some of the Board members would like
the opportunity to view the building again. They would like to have the full Board see
the building again, and see how the CPAA plans to set up the museum. There were
concerns expressed regarding the entrance to the building and the rest of the building.
They are fully aware of these concerns. They have spoken with the architect, Blair
Smith to see if there are easy ways to work around these concerns. The plans of the
CPAA would in no way inhibit the use of the rest of the school building. It is necessary
that they have the entire front wing as opposed to the four (4) rooms that comprise the
original school building. One reason for this is the Americans with Disabilities Act, as
the original building is not adequately equipped with restrooms, accessible entrance or
exits. The CPAA is very involved, motivated and enthusiastic about this project.
Prior to 1930, there was no high school in the County for Black folks, when Ms. Mozella
Price and others built the current building which consisted of four (4) rooms; in 1950
another building was added on and again in 1970's another addition was added. This
building has served as _ a cultural center, a spiritual center, as well as an education
center for forty (40) years. They need the opportunity to show that they can make this
project work. This project is to be funded through grants and other donations and will