somewhat surprised that these particular things were not mentioned at that time. Looking at the list
of things that the School Board is recommending that they might use the old building for, the bus
shop, adult education, alternate learning programs, storage facilities, maintenance shop. Also the
middle school will probably need some additional work, the primary school for sure and the high
school and all the trailers we have in use. Why can’t we have some type of consolidated plan for this
and incorporate some educational facilities as well. It is foolish to waste this space. We need to look
at this as a learning institution. We have to look at it financially.
Mr. Pickett stated that his idea was to use it as an educational facility and use some of the area out
back as the bus shop.
Mr. Selz stated their intent was to lay out a list of things that might be done. Some of these may not
be feasible but they are just a list of some possibilities.
Mr. Carter thinks if this facility is used for educational purposes then a lot of money will have to be
spent for renovation purposes.
There was a lot of discussion regarding the additional space needed for the primary school and the
high school. Capitol Improvement needs at the high school include; a science lab, vocation needs,
technology needs and more classroom space. The primary school is currently utilizing five (5)
mobile units.
After much discussion, the consensus was that another meeting would be held in a couple of months
with the School Board getting information regarding the priority needs and assessments to the Board
of Supervisors in advance in order for them to be able to review ideas prior to meeting.
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recess to the Courthouse.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Moore,
aye.
At 6:40 p.m. Mr. Kendrick reopened the meeting in the Courthouse.
Mr. Kendrick called Mr. Bill Gillespie, Director of the Regional Commission to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Gillespie gave a presentation regarding the Regional Commission over the past nine to ten
months. He also went over the make up of the Commission, its members and its goals and
objectives. Mr. Gillespie requested that the Board give some suggestions on the Action Plan and
activities that would work now. Following the presentation each member was given a handout
containing a listing of projects and issues put together last year which the Commission used to
establish priorities for this year. The top issues the Commission decided to look into were regional
health insurance, storm water, legislative agenda and reassessment options. The Commission is
requesting the Board’s input into these issues.
There was some discussion regarding health insurance and a computer reassessment program.