462
3. E911 Road Naming Ordinance Adoption: The Board needs to adopt the Road Naming
Ordinance as recommended by the Public Safety Committee. Also each Board member needs to
suggest someone from his district to serve on the Road Naming Committee.
There was some discussion regarding the recommendations made by Evans Thomas at the last
meeting on E911 Road Naming. The Public Safety Committee has revised 133-3(E)(3) of the
Ordinance to read “Encourage the use of one and two syllable names”. The Committee, however,
did not change 133-3(E)(6) to allow the use of family names as this has caused costly delays in other
jurisdictions.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the E911 Road Naming Ordinance as
presented by the Public Safety Committee. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Hancock not present.
Mr. Hancock rejoined the Board Meeting.
The Board presented the following citizens to serve on the Road Naming Committee:
Steven Conner - Courthouse District by Mr. Carter
Hunt Hamilton - Piney Mountain District by Mr. Moore
Kevin O’Brien - Appomattox River District by Mr. Kendrick
Jerry Harvey - Wreck Island District by Mr. Carwile
Darlene Reed - Falling River District by Mr. Hancock
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to accept the above nominees from each
district to serve on the E911 Road Naming Committee. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
4. Abandoned Car Ordinance: There have been some complaints received concerning the existing
abandoned car ordinance regarding the nylon tarps (blue or orange) as being more ofan eyesore than
the vehicles themselves. A public hearing would be required to change this ordinance.
After much discussion, the Board chose not to make any changes to the ordinance at this time.
5, School Resource Officers: The Sheriff is requesting the Board adopt a resolution of support for
the grant application for the School Resource Officer Program in the school system.
Mr. Kendrick stated that this resolution has been adopted in the past.
After much discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following
resolution of support for the grant application for the School Resource Officer Program.
Resolution of Support for School Resource Officer Grant
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, Sheriff's Department, and Appomattox
County School Board have cooperated in the past in the support of and operation of the School
Resource Officer Program, and