361
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to tabled this until the August 7" meeting. Mr.Carroll will do a projection on these figures. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Session.
3:) Landfill Fee Schedule: Amend Code Section 130.7 Fee Schedule as presented at PublicHearing on July 10, 2000.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to amend Landfill Fee Schedule as presented,effective August 1, 2000. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.Carter, aye Mr. Hancock in Planning Commission Session.
4.) Planned Industrial Park District Zoning: Add M-2 Planned Industrial Park district zoningclassifications as presented at Public hearing. Mr. Carroll would like to recommendremoving the telecommunications towers and facilities from the permitted uses to theConditional Use List.
Mr.Kendrick recommended tabling this issue until Davenport reviews all assets in County to see ifthey should be sold to finance any future projects.
Discussion followed with Mr. Carroll Stating that this zoning does not only apply to the IndustrialPark but any other piece of property in the County that fits this criteria.
This item was tabled until August 7, 2000.
5.) Paradise Ministries Baptist Church is Tequesting the use of Courtland Field for a fund raisingevent.
By consensus the Board decided to allow Paradise Ministries Baptist Church the use of CourtlandField for a fund raising event providing they obtain a Certificate of Insurance, the hours of operation,clean up, parking etc.
6.) Mr. Fred Underwood has approached the Board with the concept of forming a CitizensForum Newsletter.
The Board decided they need more information before acting on this. The Board would not sanctionthis type of newsletter.
Mr. Hancock rejoined the Board of Supervisors at 8:12 P.M.
7.) Reception for Mr. Charles Church will be held on July 31, 2000 from 4 to 6 p.m. at theLynchburg City Hall. Mr. Carroll will RSVP for any Board members that plan to attend.Mr. Moore plans to attend. Mr.Carwile not sure; Mr. Hancock will let him know,
8.) VDOT will be holding a Public hearing on July 26". Does anyone have any issues theywould like Mr. Carroll to convey to VDOT at this time.Mr. Moore is concerned about the increase in heavy truck traffic and safety on Route 26.Mr.Kendrick would like to see a stop light at the intersection in front of Krogers at the Shoppes ofAppomattox along Route 460,