222
Mr. Conrad stated that also the School is going to be giving a minimum of 5.9 percent
increase and our employees have to settle for a two percent increase. Ms. Ferguson stated
that she feels the School needs to explain how they can give the 5.9 percent with State
only giving two percent. Mr. Tanner stated that if there is no good explanation for them
being able to provide the 5.9 percent increase then we cut our funds. Mr. Tanner stated
that it is not being fair to the County employees. Mr. Tanner stated he understands the
teacher’s plight, but he also understands the County employee’s plight.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she would be speaking with Mr. Perrow in regards to an
explanation for the 5.9 increase.
Chairman Craft welcomed and called on Mr. Barry Elder, Director of Social Services to
speak with the Board on his proposed budget for FY09.
Mr. Elder started by explaining he had provided a narrative to help follow along with
him. Mr. Elder explained that in the past he had presented a conservative budget,
however with the increase in cost and case load, a more forward looking and increased
budget has been submitted this year.
Mr. Elder stated that he would only go over the funds that he is requesting an increase in.
Mr. Elder stated that he is requesting an increase in the Auxiliary grants based on an
increase in case load. He explained that the case load increased due to more people being
eligible for these grants. Mr. Elder explained that an auxiliary grant is the money that is
used when an elderly or disabled person goes into a home for adults and the money is
used to supplement their check to pay. The home for adults will take their social security
check and leave them a small amount for living expenses and if it does not cover the cost
of the bed for the room they are staying, the auxiliary grant will kick in and pay what is
left. This is only for senior citizens and disabled persons.
Mr. Elder next explained the adoption subsidy which is money that goes to adoptive
parents who have children with special needs. Adoptive parents are not expected to pay
for all the special needs that some of these children have.
Mr. Elder next explained that the State has approved a new eligibility worker which is
needed but denied the funding for this position. Mr. Elder stated that a three percent cost
of living increase has been proposed for all eligibility workers and their staff and includes
an increase in administrative cost and traveling expenses. The local match for this
category is 48.5 percent.
Mr. Conrad asked if the State approved this position why have they denied to fund it.
Mr. Elder explained that the State’s only explanation is they do not have the money to
fund this position.
Mr. Elder explained the need for an eligibility worker. In FY-2002- there were 1,534
eligibility cases. This includes Medicaid, food stamps, TANIF, fuel assistance, energy