022
Mr. Carter stated that his concern was with setting a precedence for the future.
Mrs. Seay stated that she would agree with that but that this was not your typical
subdivision. Mrs. Seay continued that there are other ways around the problem but this
was the easiest way to solve the problem. Mrs. Seay stated that the owner felt that this
was a way around the problem by recording the deed by metes and bounds instead of
recording a plat with the deed. Mrs. Seay contended that the owner did not realize that he
was doing anything wrong.
Mr. Torrence stated that he felt uncomfortable with making a decision on this issue at this
time.
After further discussion and consensus of the Board it was agreed to research this matter
and make a decision at a later date.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Seay and called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that he would like for the Board to recognize Spout Spring Ruritan
Club for their service to the community in some way. Mr. Carwile continued that the
Board was aware of all the projects that the Ruritan Club funded in the community.
By consensus the Board asked Mrs. Ferguson to write a letter thanking the Spout Spring
Ruritan Club for their contributions to the community.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Torrence began that he wished to provide a handout to the members of the Board
concerning the proposed elementary school project. Mr. Torrence continued that he
would like the Board to set a date for making a decision on which site would be chosen
for the elementary school and give the approval to proceed with the project. Mr.
Torrence stated that there was a time frame that needed to be met. Mr. Torrence
continued that he would like to make a decision at this meeting but if the other members
of the Board were more comfortable with waiting until the next meeting he would be in
agreement with that decision.
Mr. Carwile stated that there was no question that a decision needed to be made on the
new school but he felt that after hearing the comments from the public hearing the Board
should wait until the next meeting for the committee to have time to look into the issues
that have been raised.
Mr. Carter also stated that he felt the Board should wait until the next meeting to make a
decision on this matter. Mr. Carter continued that this should give the committee an
opportunity to meet and address the issues that were raised at the public hearing.