288
there have been very few easy decisions other than administrative details. We have had lots and lotsof input, I listened to the hunters and I respect their position. I respect the fact that they areconscientious and responsible. There is an awful lot of discussion concerning the fact that there arethose who hunt illegally and a lot of fear involved in this. On any given day, you can hear it bothways, and some days it only goes one way, but I honestly felt like Sammy when we first heard about
it, I thought it would be a no-brainer. This is something that a lot of people want to do and I see noharm in that but I have had to listen to a lot of that during the past few weeks. I will say that I feel alot of this is just emotion and fear of rifles. If I actually had to vote tonight, when I listen to thefarmers and those who have had problems with shooting on their property, I am having a very, very
difficult time with a decision. On the one hand, I want to see the hunters have the right of use the rifle
and on the other hand I want to see the folks of the County not to be afraid to go outside and not be
afraid at that particular time of the year for six weeks. At this time, if it came down to a strict vote on
how we have to vote, up or down, I would have to take the position of down tonight. I can see this
thing from both sides of it.”
Mr. Moore then called from comments from Mr. Hancock.
Mr. Hancock stated that everyone knew how he felt, he had stated it in the paper and he had not
changed his mind. “I will be the Lone Ranger tonight. I speak in favor of the rifle. I believe in the
safety of the rifle. I believe that those who violate the law and do not get their vehicles off the road,
there is a law already in place, all we need to do is enforce it. I feel that hunt clubs that are fortunate
enough to rent land from Westvaco, some 1000 acres and some 3000 acres, should have a right to
use rifles. I think the kids, the youth, should be under strict supervision. That is just my feeling. I
believe that we all have the right to disagree but we should be agreeable. We are here for one cause
and that is to work for the County. It is time to make a decision and move on. Thank you Mr.
Chairman.”
Mr. Moore stated, “I do not have a lot to say but what I do have to say is very serious to me. If you
remember at the first meeting, I kind of talked up for the rifles because I thought it would be a good
thing for the people, because we have a lot of good people who use rifles and use them safely. I have
been visited by some people, in fact, last Saturday I had some one come down and spend about 35
or 45 minutes with me and gave me some information to read. I read it and agreed with everything
it said in there. I agree that we have a lot of good hunters around here. I have a 22-250 myself that
Tuse of shooting ground hogs and I am not dangerous with it and I protect others when I am using it.
Unfortunately, when I started getting these calls, and I have had a lot of calls over the years when the
school issues came up, I think I have had more activity in calls on this situation than before. My wife
takes calls all day long for me when I am not there. A gentleman called me just before I left to come
out to this meeting tonight and I had to tell him howI felt on this thing and I think he understood.
I started getting feedback from people in my area over there and not only from my area, but other
areas. Ihave gotten a lot of calls today from outlying area, down around Pamplin and Mr. Kendrick’s
area, and I must say the calls against rifles far outweigh the calls for rifles. In my own neighborhood
and in my church I am accosted every time I go there by people who do not want rifles. But what
has surprised me more than anything, is that the people in my area who are hunters, do not want rifles.
T have had calls all day like that. I pride myself in representing my constituents and not let my
personal feeling interfere with anything I do here. I like to get the lead from the constituents and