672
The Joint Meeting of the Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors was called to order by
Chairman Kendrick at 7:40 PM. Ann Neil Cosby of Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller was
present to discuss biosolids regulation at the local government level, and to answer questions from
Board members and commissioners on the subject.
Ms. Cosby opened with an overview of the current status of local ordinances and litigation around
the state, including providing some background information on biosolids and the state permitting
process.
Ms. Cosby stated that the Biosolids Use Regulations require compliance with all local zoning
provisions before a state permit may be issued, and that localities have some zoning and police
powers available to regulate the process. She noted that Buckingham County was one of the first
localities sued because their ordinance required nutrient management plans to be submitted to a
local coordinator and the notification provisions were stiff. Buckingham County’s Board of
Supervisors later amended their ordinance to remove the nutrient management plan requirement.
Louisa County was another locality sued over their ordinance, which required a county
coordinator to review nutrient management plans and allowed the coordinator to establish greater
setbacks or buffers. The Louisa ordinance also required land application to be delayed if a
community or social event were being held nearby, mandated notification signage as well as
posting a bond with the county. The District Court approved an injunction that held the ordinance
in abeyance pending litigation, which allowed Synagro to commence land application. The only
other known litigation involves Spotsylvania County. Spotsylvania’s ordinances (zoning
ordinance and police power ordinance) limit land application to specific agricultural/forestal
districts, and by special use in other agricultural districts. There are also additional information
requirements above and beyond the state permit provisions, and the zoning administrator has the
ability to determine whether the application is complete. Synagro is also the complainant in the
Spotsylvania case. Vice Chairman O’Brien asked whether Spotsylvania County’s ordinance was
drafted with the Chesapeake Bay Act in mind. Ms. Cosby said that the county’s zoning districts—
in particular the River Protection Overlay District- contains Chesapeake Bay Act requirements.
Ms. Cosby concluded her discussion of the litigation by stating that the Buckingham County case
has pretty much been settled, but that the Louisa and Spotsylvania County cases are pending. She
then opened the floor for questions. Mr. Carwile asked about a bill to be introduced before the
upcoming session of the General Assembly that is designed to resolve some of the Dillon Rule
and Right-to-Farm Act issues. Ms. Cosby replied that in the Amelia County case several Dillon
Rule and Right-to-Farm Act arguments were presented by both sides, but the Supreme Court
decision did not address any of the arguments. She added that she does not know of any particular
legislation on this topic, but that the General Assembly would have to be the entity to clarify these
issues. Chairman Sears emphasized that every county that has tried to regulate in these issue areas
has ended up being sued.
Mr. Sefter asked whether the Amelia County case and subsequent litigation will have any effect
on the intensive farming ordinance that the Commission has been preparing, but Ms. Cosby did
not have an answer. Mr. Carwile noted that a reimbursement system for local monitoring
programs is slated to be in place by 2003, but wanted to know whether the county should move