111
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Craft to deliver the
invocation and the invited everyone to join the Pledge of Allegiance to the American
Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for the SETTING OF THE AGENDA:
The following items were added:
ADMINISTRATION ITEMS:
5A. Appointment of Professional Assessor
5B. VACo Voting Credentials
5C. ‘Virginia Region 2000 Annual Dinner Meeting
5D. Joint Meeting with School Board
5E. Adopt EMS Ordinance with amendment
CONSENT AGENDA:
8A. Appomattox County Public Schools.
INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
15. FSA Updates:
Mr. Carter next asked for CITIZEN PUBLIC COMMENTS: This time if provided by the
Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to
the citizen.
No one present wished to speak at this time.
APPEARANCES:
Harold Wingate — Wingate Appraisal: Mr. Wingate will meet with the Board to give
an update on the progress being made with the reassessment.
Mr. Harold Wingate introduced Don Thomas, who is their Vice-President in Charge of
Civil Services. He is recommending that Mr. Thomas be appointed as the County’s
assessor for the remainder of the reassessment. The status at the present time is they
are down to finishing up commercial, checking building permits, working with splits and
transfers from the Commissioner's Office. The basic field work should be completed by
mid-October. The notices will probably be mailed out about the middle of November.
They have also got Nelson County, and will be trying to coordinate hearings at both
places. The personnel assignments have not been figured out as yet. He says that
there is no such thing as a “perfect reassessment”. He says they will be looking for a
place to hold the “reassessment hearings”. He reinstated that their job is to propose an
assessment rate, not determine a tax rate. He has enjoyed very much working with the
various people in the County. They have not had a lot of complaints. They visited
Thomasville last week.
Mr. Wingate called for questions.
Mr. Carter stated that during the last reassessment, the hearings were held at the
Community Center.