61!
to erect new Entrance Signs at the County boundaries. He has had quite a few calls regarding the
public not having any input on this item. He feels the words “Where Our Nation Reunited”
should be included. He would also like to see the present signs enhanced with stone or with a
rock base. The new signs were too modern.
Mr. Kendrick also feels ““Where our Nation Reunited” should be included. He would also like to
see a contest of sorts as to suggestions. This would be an excellent School Project.
Mr. Moore has heard from a number of citizens who would like to see the old signs remain. He
himself likes the present ones. He has noted on several occasions people stopping to take
pictures of the signs, he does not feel anyone will want to take their picture with one of the new
signs.
Mr. Hancock has received calls from several members of the Spout Spring Ruritan Club who do
not wish to have the old signs replaced. Some feels the old signs can be beautified with flowers,
etc.
Mr. Carter received comments that there should be citizen input from either a contest type thing
or a public hearing for comments.
#2 - VACo Legislative Agenda: In October the Board joined with VACo to bring about certain
legislative items to be presented to the upcoming General Assembly. Recently he has picked up
some information that leads him to be unhappy with what was sent to Richmond. He read from a
document, the top priority items being presented: the 50/40/10 Revenue Formula, based on where
the wages were earned. He does not feel we, Appomattox County, will benefit from this.
After some discussion on this subject Mr. Carroll was asked to check on HB599 and the 50/40/10
formula and report back to the Board.
#3 - The people have expressed their opinion for a change. He would like to be able to tell the
citizens that the Board is serious about harnessing spending and that the Tax Rate will equalize
the reassessment. This Board has to get tight, be tight and stay tight.
Mr. Moore spoke regarding the reassessment, we have to look at the tax rate. We do not have
total control of the budget with State and Federal mandates etc. but we will look at cutting
funding.
It is the feeling of all members of the Board of Supervisors that they will do everything they
possibly can to keep County expenditures as low as possible.
Mr. Carter next stated that the Board needed to enter into a closed session at this time.
At 6:42 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into a closed
session in accordance with §2.2-3711.A.1 - Personnel Matters and §2.2-3711.A.7 - Legal
Matters. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.