141
a) One or more trained investigators with necessary equipment; and
b) A list of trained fire and explosion investigators employed by each party, and assurance of immediate
Notification to the Chairperson of any change in the list.
¢) All equipment used in fire and explosion investigations shail remain the property of the providing
jurisdiction.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to compel any of the parties hereto to respond to a
request for support when the jurisdiction to whom the request is made is of the opinion that its personnel and equipment
are needed within the boundaries of its own jurisdiction, nor shall any request for assistance compel the requested
jurisdiction to continue to provide support to another jurisdiction when its personnel or equipment, in the opinion of the
requested jurisdiction are needed for duties within the boundaries of its own jurisdiction.
5. Any investigator shall be and remain the employee of his or her jurisdiction, when performing functions related
to fire or explosion investigations in any requested locality pursuant to this Agreement. This will include pay and Workers’
Compensation. Each locality shall be responsible for the acts and omissions of its employees and shail provide all
insurance coverage it deems necessary for its employees.
The parties shall not be liable to each other for reimbursement for injuries to personnel or damage to
equipment incurred when going to or retuming from another jurisdiction. Neither shall the parties be liable to each other
for any other costs associated with, or arising out of, the rendering of assistance pursuant to this Agreement.
6. The criteria for the activation of this agreement are as follows:
a) Fire or explosion related deaths or serious injury to firefighters or citizen: or
b) Fires or explosion of similar nature affecting one or more jurisdictions: or
¢) Substantial property loss occurred; or
d) Serial arsonist/arson for profit activity; or
e) Fires or explosions that cross jurisdictional boundaries; or
f} Special circumstances that require investigative assistance.
7 No investigator or any equipment provided by any member jurisdiction under the activation of this Agreement
shall be assigned to a member jurisdiction for a period longer than five days without the expressed approval of the
Executive Committee and the providing jurisdiction's agency head.
8. The employees and officials of the parties to this Agreement who are acting pursuant to this Agreement shall
have the same powers, rights, benefits, privileges, and immunities in each jurisdiction subscribing to this Agreement as
such employees and officials have within the locality where he or she is employed.
9. The services performed under this Agreement shall be deemed to be for public and governmental purposes and
all immunities from liability enjoyed by the focal government within its boundaries shall extend to its participation in
rendering assistance outside its boundaries.
10. This Agreement replaces the previous written Agreement by these parties under Section 15.1-131.3 of the Code
of Virginia, dated September 13, 1979.
11, This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by all of the parties. Any party to this Agreement shail
have the right to withdraw from the Agreement, with or without cause, by giving written notice by certified or registered
mail to the other parties. Any withdrawal shall be effective upon receipt of the notice of withdrawal. Withdrawal by one
party shall not terminate the Agreement with respect to remaining parties.
12, This Agreement may be amended by written instruments signed by authorized representatives of the
participating jurisdictions.
WITHESSETH the following signatures on behalf of the participating jurisdictions.
Amherst County Campbell County Appomattox County
County Administrator County Administrator County Administrator
City of Bedford Bedford County City of Lynchburg
City Manager County Administrator City Manager
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Proposed Amendments to the Zoning Ordinance & the Erosion &
Sediment Control Ordinance: Johnnie Roark has been working for over a