129
WHEREAS, The Virginia Tobacco Indemnification and Community Revitalization
Commission (TICRC) has announced available funding for their Education Grant Program, and
WHEREAS, The County of Appomattox and the Appomattox Workforce Development
Center Management Team underwent a thorough planning process to identify and prioritize long-
term needs to strengthen and sustain the County of Appomattox, has identified workforce
training deficiencies and opportunities in the county; and
WHEREAS, The County of Appomattox, acting on the recommendations developed in
the abovementioned process, has developed and opened Phase I of the Appomattox Workforce
Development Center at the Carver-Price Educational Complex; and
WHEREAS, due to outstanding community interest and support, the County of
Appomattox and Central Virginia Community College have agreed to continue the execution of
the Appomattox Workforce Development Center Master Plan by initiating the construction of
Phase II, which will include additional classroom and laboratory space; and
WHEREAS, approximately $700,950 will be expended on Phase II of this project, with
the primary funding sources being a TICRC Education grant ($250,000 awarded in 2006 and an
anticipated award of $250,000 in 2007), an anticipated TICRC Economic Development Grant of
$71,401 and $129,549 from the County of Appomattox and other potential sources; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors is committed to the
continued development and expansion of a workforce development center in Appomattox and will
be responsible for the management, maintenance, and operation of the building to ensure that
the center can continue as long as Central Virginia Community College continues to lease the
facility for classes and programs that improve and enhance the education and career
preparedness level of the workforce and business community of Appomattox County.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox wishes to apply for funding in the amount of $250,000.00 from the Virginia Tobacco
Indemnification and Community Revitalization Commission for an Education Grant to be utilized
to develop Phase II of the Appomattox Workforce Development Center at the Carver-Price
Educational Complex.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator, is hereby
authorized to sign and submit the appropriate documents for submittal of this TICRC Education
Grant Application, and to execute any necessary legal documents if the grant is awarded to the
County of Appomattox.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Burn Ban:
Bobby Wingfield, Director of Public Safety, is requesting all outdoor burning be
banned in Appomattox County. The ban would apply to all outdoor burning,
including yard debris, agricultural or land-clearing burns.
Recommendation: Staff recommends imposing a burn ban effective
immediately.
Mr. Bobby Wingfield and Mr. Rick Butler addressed the Board on this issue.