408
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to accept the changes to Section 147-12 -
Exemption on certain real estate as proposed:
§147-12. Exemption on certain real estate.
A. (Amended 4-10-1981; 5-8-1991; 4-13-1984; 1-2-1996) Taxation of the dwelling owned by and
occupied as the sole dwelling of any person or persons who are elderly or permanently and totally
disabled in accordance with the definitions cited above, and provided that the head of the household
occupying the dwelling and owning title or partial title thereto has been a resident of Appomattox
County for at least one (1) year prior to December 31 of the taxable year for which the request is
made, is hereby exempted subject to the following restrictions and conditions:
(1) The total combined income during the immediately preceding calendar year from all sources
of the owners of the dwelling living therein and of the owners’ relatives living in the dwelling does
not exceed (fifteen thousand ($15, 000.), provided that the first(Six thousandfive hundred ($6,500.)
of income of each relative, other than spouse, of the owner or owners who is living in the dwelling
shall not be included in such total.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile asked that the next item - Assistant County Administrator’s Position be omitted from the
agenda.
Mr. Kendrick has requested that the Board consider appointing the County Administrator as the hiring
authority for all employees of the County. Mr. Kendrick feels that the County Administrator is in a
better position to know the personnel needs of the various departments and the Board is removed
from this process.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow the County Administrator to hire and
dispose of personnel matters.
Mr. Carwile is not sure he is in agreement with this motion. He feels this will be an undue burden
on the County Administrator regarding the public. The Administrator already has the ability to have
input in the process. He cannot support this.
Mr. Moore feels this is a good idea because the Administrator is the person would will be supervising
the person being hired. He knows the position to be filled and what has to be done. He is totally in
support of this motion.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The next item for consideration was the New Elementary School and Construction Reimbursement
Resolution. This resolution drawn up by Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller will allow the Board to
recoup any architectural fees and land cost fees that have been associated with the new school and
anything that has been spent on the Courthouse project.