294
Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition #00-424 of Bobby E. Moore to rezone property from A-1 to M-2 with
Conditional Use Permit to allow Truck and Trailer Storage and Repairs and contractor facilities to
include heavy equipment storage yard. Property is Tax Map Parcel No. 72 (A) Railroad Right of
Way. Property is located on Route 741 between Route 24 and Dead End.
Steve T. Conner of Appomattox came forward representing Mr. Moore. Mr. Moore has asked Mr.
Conner to try to help him on this issue. After talking to several people in Concord, Mr. Conner thinks
the biggest problem is emotional reasons. Property was previously an old railroad switch yard and
was always commercial or industrial use property. It has been a railroad yard or wood yard for 70
or 80 years. The main argument is that anyone who has built, moved or lives in the area knew that
was an industrial type area when they came there. They chose to live there. The property is not good
of anything but this type of use. Mr. Moore intends to use this property for storage of Truck/Trailer
and heavy equipment. Mr. Moore wants to use the land for it’s best purpose. Thank you.
Mr. Moore called for comments for this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore called for comments against this petition.
Mr. Brian Selz, came forward, gave his address as Courthouse Square, Rustburg, Va. Mr. Selz stated
he was there on behalf of some of the residents of Station Lane. Mr. Selz passed around a diagram,
part of the tax map of the area in question, the green is used for residential, the blue for areas used
for agriculture and the remaining area is in Campbell County. He pointed out a couple of things of
a technical nature. The industrial use in this part of Concord has no relation to comprehensive plan
and no logical planning reason to do this, just the opposite for the planning of Concord area. Anyone
who knows this area knows that for the past 12 years or so this has been zoned agriculture and
nothing has changed. If any change has taken place it has been more toward agriculture and less
toward any thing else. The problem has not been just with the sandblasting, the problem has been
with the parking of trailers, the dumping of chicken manure and various other things that the County
Government does not allow. Mr. Moore came before the Board last summer. He had received a
letter citing some of the zoning discrepancies to which Mr. Moore did not appeal, he let that decision
stand. He came to the Board and asked the Board to help him declare that the use he wanted had
been grand-fathered in. There has been a non-conforming use for the last several years. The purpose
of non-conforming use is as the old time uses fade out, the property is zoned for new uses.
Mr. Moore asked if anyone else wished to speak against this petition.
Mr. Ruben Bryant, came forward, gave his address at 247 Station Lane, Concord, Va. Mr. Bryant
presented to the Board petitions asking that the zoning not be changed. 100% of the adjoining
property owners do not want this change, along with some absentee landowners. 30 years ago there
was a wood yard there, a very small, low key operation, a very unintrusive operation you hardly
knew was there. That changed in 1997 when the land was timbered, bulldozed and widened to
accommodate the use by the owner. There is no justification, no rationale, no basis for this change.
This change is self serving and incompatible to what is going on in the area. This activity belongs