400
have to increase taxes by $.03 cents by 2003, but for the remainder of the projects proposed, we
should not have to raise taxes. It is highly possible that we can negate that entire need as we grow
these funds. Hopefully, we will do that, but, we as a Board, are committed to reducing taxes as we
provide for the needs of the County. At this time the Board is delighted we are able to proceed with
this project and we are thankful to Davenport for this report. It certainly has helped us in making
our decision. We appreciate the patience of the Citizens of Appomattox County as we have worked
our way through this difficult process. Most of all we are happy for the elementary school children,
that they will have a decent place to go to school.
Mr. Pickett thanked the Board of Supervisors on behalf of the School Board and they will do their
utmost to get the best school possible.
At 7:10 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn the Joint Meeting.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
On a motion by Lannis Selz seconded by Ms. Pankey the School Board meeting was adjourned.
VOTE: All ayes.
At 7:12 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to cap the Elementary School project at $9 million dollars financing
$7.5 million thru the Literacy Fund and $1.5 million from other sources with funds expended to date
to be deducted and placed in a reserve account. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for Supervisor’s Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated he has some items of concern but for the sake of time he will not present them
tonight.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that no item from Supervisor Concerns be
voted on unless it is on the agenda. If all members have been privy to information and it has been
discussed in the past it can be voted on. Otherwise it must be on the agenda. VOTE: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carroll would like to know if everyone is satisfied with the Davenport report. Mr. Carwile is
concerned with the fact that this report is based on projections and on the growth of the County, but
he wholly supports it.
The next item to be considered is Health Care Benefits for Board Members.
Mr. Carter informed the Board that at its meeting on September 18, 2000 they discussed and voted
on Health Care Benefits for Board Members. This action was in violation of their own policy to not
vote on any item that was not on the agenda or had not been discussed previously.