424
(b) Sports Complex Fund: Please supplement 7102-7000 Recreation Department-Capital
Outlay in the amount of $39,208.00. This is necessary to transfer the funds from General
Revenue Fund to newly designated Sports Complex Fund.
(c) Sheriff’s Department: Please appropriate $10.44 to 3102-5409-Police Supplies to reflect
reimbursement for a damaged phone case.
(d) Building and Housing: Please appropriate $258.71 to 3401-5408-Vehicle Power
Equipment supplies for damage that occurred to building inspector’s vehicle while on a job
site.
(e) Library: Please appropriate $19.95 to 7301-5416-Videos and $130.45 to 7301-5401 -Office
Supplies to reflect donations and fees received.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the Consent Agenda (Items 9-12)
as presented. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Hancock still
in Planning Commission meeting.
There were several Information Items to be discussed.
There was some discussion regarding the joint meeting of the Board of Supervisors and the Town
Council on the water/sewer project. Also the “Stop the Violence” proclamation will be signed at this
meeting on the 27" of November.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the request from the City of Lynchburg about having Mr.
Ted Hershberg back to speak to the school boards in the Region. Mr. Hershberg charges $5,000.00
plus expenses for lecture fees. Mr. Carroll will check to see if other localities are interested and what
our portion of this fee would be and report back to the Board.
At 8:30 P.M. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to recess until the Planning
Commission finished their meeting and could join the Board of Supervisors to discuss their request
for compensation for their members. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carwile,
aye.
At 8:34 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the meeting with Mr. Hancock and the Planning Commission
in attendance.
Mr. Moore asked the Planning Commission Chairman to explain their request.
Mr. Al Sears stated the Planning Commission was asking for compensation to justify all the
meetings they attend. These meetings are requiring more and more time to be spent in reading the
information regarding the meetings as well as time spent in attending public hearings, etc. They are
requesting approximately $50.00 per meeting for regular scheduled monthly meetings, as well as any
special meetings requested by the governing body. This does not include any make-up meetings
required due to lack of quorum or any special or committee meetings organized among the Planning
Commission members themselves. Other surrounding counties presently compensate their Planning
Commission members. Members must be present at the meeting in order to receive compensation.
They also request mileage and cost reimbursements for continuing education programs associated