968
Mr. Kendrick asked for discussion, hearing none, Mr. Kendrick called for a vote on the motion as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to instruct the County Administrator to amend the County Personnel
Policy to adjust the employee’s annual pay based solely upon their performance, starting on June 1,
2002. Mr. Carter seconded the motion. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Kendrick voiced his concern regarding the Road Naming of Route 616. In the June 4" meeting
the Board went over the list of names and accepted those names that did not have any contentious
names or anyone who had a issue with the roads, we accepted all those names that did not have any
conflicts but all the names that did have conflicts were sent back to the Road naming Committee for
a public hearing. He does not think the Route 616 petition would have changed the outcome of the
vote on the Road Naming issue because of the way the motion was worded.
His greatest concern is that the petitions of the people were not considered. In the future when a
committee is formed we need set procedures in place so that no one in the County feels that they did
not have a proper say so in what goes on and the guidelines for each and every committee should be
approved by the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Kendrick called for other Supervisor’s concerns. Hearing none he called for the next item.
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items | - 4)
1. Library Board: Mrs. Shelia Webb’s term has expired and she does not wish to be
reappointed. The Board needs to make an appointment from the Falling River District for
a term of four (4) years (7-1-2001 to 6-30-2005).
Mr. Hancock asked that this item be tabled until the next meeting.
2. CSB Annual Contract: The Fiscal Year 2002 Central Virginia Community Services
Performance Contract needs to be approved. The contract appears to be substantially the
same as last year.
Mr. Moore stated this is just a formality of what is required for the Community Services Board to
operate.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock that the Board accept the Fiscal Year 2002
Central Virginia Community Services Performance contract for the fiscal year 2002. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
3. Old Elementary School Committee: This matter was brought up under Supervisor’s
Concerns during the last meeting. The Board needs to determine the type of representation