636
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to allow the use of the new
parking lot and Courthouse Square for the Railroad Festival to be held on October 8"
through the 10", 2004. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Voting Credentials for the Annual Business Meeting of VACo: The 2004
Annual Meeting of the Virginia Association of Counties will be held on Tuesday,
November 9, at 10:15 a.m. at the Homestead in Bath County. The Board needs
to designate a member as your voting member for this meeting.
Also, the County of Accomack is requesting your support for Donald L. Hart, Jr.
for the Office of Secretary-Treasurer of the Virginia Association of Counties Board
of Directors.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
designate Mr. Craft as the voting member for the VACo 2004 Annual Business meeting
to be held on November 9", 2004, and also to support Donald L. Hart, Jr. for the office
of Secretary-Treasurer of the Virginia Association of Counties Board of Directors. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
4. Courthouse Change Orders: The following change orders have been received
from Craddock-Cunningham regarding the new courthouse:
a. Request by the Fire Marshall for additional lights in each elevator shaft.
Total number of lights is three (3) at a cost of $848.00.
b. The stairs leading to the roof area do not have rubber treads. Cost to
install additional treads is $1,795.00.
c. During the walkthrough with Judge Poston, it was mentioned that the
Board had chosen not to provide appliances for the kitchenettes. Judge
Poston considers these to be furnishings and they must be provided.
d. The lobby of the new courthouse has a wall that is extremely bare. It has
been suggested that this would be a nice place to display the County
Seal, the U. S. and State flags.
4a. After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to
approve the change order for additional lights in each elevator shaft as
requested by the Fire Marshall at a cost of $848.00. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Crafts, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
4b. The Board by consensus, decided to take no action on this item.
4c. After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
have J. E. Jamerson purchase these appliances through their supplier. ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4d. The Board by consensus tabled this item until the next meeting.