460
participate in this project. (See January 2001 Board File) Ms. Bennett stated that the Regional
Commission was created in order to set up projects that would involve more than one jurisdiction.
The Regional Industrial Park is something that the Commission has been looking at for some time.
They identified some land and had it evaluated. One piece of land became available last year and
they have an option on this property. Eight jurisdictions have been presented with this project and
the response has been very positive. Each jurisdiction will own some share of this project. If all the
jurisdictions are a part of this project, the stronger it will be.
Although Appomattox is already just getting their own industrial park started and are committed to
this, participation in the Regional Park will be an investment in the future and a chance to diversify
holdings.
Each jurisdiction that buys shares in this project will have a representative in the Managing
Committee and a vote on all decisions. Decision to join this project needs to be made by the end of
February with the first payment becoming due in July 2001 - FY 02. The purchase of 300 shares
would allow you to buy land. A prospectus would be available to the County for review by the end
of January, 2001.
Mr. Kendrick questioned the voting rights. Does each jurisdiction have an equal vote regardless of
the number of shares purchased? He stated he liked the idea and wished this had come about some
five years earlier.
Mr. Carwile had a question regarding the debt service and share costs if not all shares are sold.
Ms. Bennett informed Mr. Carwile that the share cost would not increase if all the shares are not
sold.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Ms. Bennett and Mr. Gillespie.
Mr. Kendrick next called David Covington and Joel Meissner to come forward regarding the
Community Park.
Mr. Meissner began by introducing the Community Park Committee: Gary Gilliam, Ann Dixon, Dale
Campbell, Brian Robinson and Andy Carroll.
This group decided to be called the Appomattox Community Park Committee rather than the Sports
Complex Committee as they feel this will be a park for the whole community and not just a sports
complex. They want something there for everyone from youngster to senior citizens. The Boy
Scouts have agreed to do Eagle Scout projects for a lot of the trails, etc. The funding to date comes
to $151,000 with $40,000 of that coming from the sale of property donated to the County for soccer
fields; $60,000 from the school property; $50,000 from the Appomattox Youth Sports and $1,000
recently donated by Colonial Pipeline to be used for landscaping purposes. Mr. Meissner discussed
the drawing done by Dewberry & Davis and the location of the hiking trails.
Some work on the field has already begun. David Sandman and Robert Tillotson are looking into