188
Mrs. Ferguson stated that both counties do have office space available for this employee.
Ms. Ferguson stated that applications for this position are available now and if the Board
knows of anyone interested in this position they should send them in for an application.
Mr. Overstreet stated that along with the job description that we will need a further
agreement with more specifics in it that Nottoway and Appomattox will need to agree on.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that once the employee has been hired she will be coming back to
the board with more specifics.
Mr. Moore questioned as to what has been done about soil and erosion in the past. Ms.
Ferguson explained that we have been having J ohnny Roark, Planner and Lonny Hamlett,
Building Official to do inspections, but this is not sufficient.
Mr. Craft asked if Robert E. Lee Soil has anything to do with this and Mrs. Ferguson
explained that they do the plan review.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that Mr. Roark has the certifications to do this, but neither he nor
Mr. Hamlett the Building Official has the time that is required to do this job.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that once the Board approves this Job description, a salary and
grade range will be added to the County’s Personnel Manuel.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to approve the job description as submitted. Mr. Carter
seconded Mr. Tanner’s motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye.
Chairman Craft explained that the Board needed to appoint someone to replace Mr.
Wayne Lewis on the EDA Board of Directors. Chairman Craft stated that we previously
had an application from Mr. Rago wanting to serve on this committee.
Mr. Carter made a motion to appoint Mr. Rago to the EDA Board of Directors and Mr.
Tanner seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
The next item for discussion was Administrative Item #4 Recycling/Disposal contract.
Mr. Tanner questioned if there had been any face to face contact with anyone from this
business. Mrs. Ferguson explained that there had not been any face to face contact,
however; Ms. Knight has chosen this company to handle the recycling due to them being
the only company that she has spoken with that will accept televisions. The current
company we work with now accepts computer parts, but will not accept televisions.
Ms. Ferguson explained that a one year contract had been discussed with this facility and
after that one year; the contract will be re-evaluated for additional years.