1)
2)
3)
035
Construct new road off of Jones Street and bring that through the woods
parallel to the new sanitary sewer lines that are being constructed. Mr.
Rayburn continued that this would lengthen the daily trip that every bus would
have to take by almost two and one-half miles which would equate to about a
$14,000.00 per year operating expense. Mr. Rayburn continued that there
were significant costs associated with this proposal the first of which would be
800” of new road to construct. Mr. Rayburn stated that you would need to
clear approximately 10 acres of woods and construct a road over an existing
creek through the woods. Mr. Rayburn stated that the total site development
cost for this scenario would be about $815,000.00. Mr. Rayburn continued
that this would also entail upgrades around the building to create new parking
for parents and teachers. Mr. Rayburn explained that the proposed three play
fields would be quite a distance from the building in this scenario which
would cause some safety issues with the children crossing the drives and
parking areas.
The second option involved constructing a new road off of Jones Street but
instead of following the sewer line the road would be constructed at the edge
of the Fred Jones property and come upa little closer to 460 business. Mr.
Rayburn explained that this would cut the total length of the road but would
make circulation at the building a little more difficult. This scenario would
require the purchase of more land which would make the cost $885,000.00.
The third option would be not to build a new road around the back but to get
the vehicles there by making upgrades to Price Lane. Mr. Rayburn explained
that Price Lane was very narrow and that the houses on the right side of Price
Lane were very close to the road. Mr. Rayburn continued that if you were to
upgrade this street causing the least amount of discomfort to the residents you
would need to move the road over about twenty feet. Mr. Rayburn continued
that this would require the demolition of the existing maintenance building
and moving utilities also the total reconstruction of the intersection to
accommodate bus traffic. Mr. Rayburn stated that the estimated cost for this
scenario would be $750,000.00.
Mr. Dickerson then explained that in their study of the site they found that the
circulation of traffic was very difficult on this site. Mr. Dickerson explained
some of the things that would be necessary in order to create a safe and efficient
traffic pattern for buses, teachers and parents. Mr. Dickerson continued that as a
part of his study he researched the zoning that was surrounding the school. Mr.
Dickerson explained that the school site sits in an R-2 zone. Directly behind the
school is zoned M-1, Advance Auto was a B-1 zone, the Courtland Factory was
an M-1 zone and all other zoning around this property was R-2. Mr. Dickerson
also explained that there was a well site on the property that was operated by the
Town of Appomattox. Mr. Dickerson explained that this well site was a 100’ x
100” site that could not be disturbed. Mr. Dickerson continued that there was no
flexibility on this site due to the land area and location of buildings.
Mr. Dickerson turned the presentation back over to Mr. Blair Smith.