204
Mr. Kendrick stated that he commended the Barnes’ and their efforts, but that he did have some
questions concerning the budget. Mr. Kendrick asked if most of the $229,000 budget came from
contributions? Ms. Wingfield stated that it consisted of in-kind contributions, space costs, rental/
lease/purchase of equipment, consumable supplies, client transportation costs, special program
costs, and the proposed cost of operating other programs through the shelter to include: a barterer
group, child care classes, etc. Ms. Wingfield stated that her client actually proposed to partner
with other agencies and have them provide training opportunities for the indigent population of
Appomattox County. Ms. Wingfield stated that the cost of the proposed services would be
approximately $75,000 and that was classified as in-kind. She continued that budget was
separated into the following categories; the requested amount, other funds, and in-kind
contributions.
Mr. Moore asked if there were any other questions? Mr. Moore explained that the County had
budget constraints and that anything of this nature would have to go through the budget process.
Mr. Moore further stated that the County did not have funds to give out. Mr. Moore stated that
the Board received a lot of requests for funding, but that they normally did not give them out.
Mr. Moore stated that unless anyone disagreed it would have to go through the budget process.
Mr. Carwile stated that the budget process was coming up and that this would be the appropriate
time to consider the request. The other members of the Board agreed. Mr. Moore thanked the
Barnes’ and Ms. Wingfield for their appearance and excused them.
Mr. Moore then asked if there were any Supervisor’s Concerns. Hearing none Mr. Moore then
moved to administrative items. Mr. Moore stated that the Historical Society had requested use of
the Courthouse for March 25" from 9:00A.M. to 4:00P.M. to celebrate the 75" anniversary of the
Town of Appomattox. Mr. Moore further stated that Judge Blanton had spoken with Ms.
Ferguson and told her that he was uncomfortable with opening the courtroom unless a county
employee was present to insure security. Mr. Blanton had also stated that the Courthouse was
under his authority at all times in accordance with Attorney General determinations.
After some discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Historical
Society could use the courthouse on March 25" from 9:00P.M. to 4:00P.M. provided that a
county employee would be present. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr Carwile, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick aye.
Mr. Moore stated that the Roberts Brothers Circus had requested use of the Courtland Field to
hold a circus. Mr. Moore stated that he was fairly certain that this circus had been in town before
and had done a good job. Mr. Moore stated that they would be willing to pay to rent the field,
but that he felt they should have a sponsor for the event. After some discussion, the Board
reached a consensus that the circus could use Courtland Field provided they had a local civic
organization as a sponsor.
Mr. Moore stated that Nelson County had requested that the Board pass a resolution of support
for the Oak Ridge Estate Train Station as one of the passenger train stops on the TransDominion
Express. Mr. Moore stated that there had been some questions about the route of the train and