07
are lower than Federal Credits because there is a tax interplay between the State & Federal systems
which causes the State credits to be less valuable.
Mr. Gecker provided each Board member with a handout explaining some of the principles involved
in these tax credits.
There are basically three (3) qualifications for Tax Credits:
1. Structure is on the Historic Register
2. Historic District or contributing character to the district
3. Have the Director of the Department of Historic Resources declare the building to be
eligible without going through the nomination process.
Building does not have to be on the register at the time the rehabilitation starts.
After a brief questions and answer session, Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Mr. Gecker.
Mr. Kendrick called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carter stated that he felt it was time to start looking at possible usages for the old elementary
school, such as forming a committee to start putting this together.
Mr. Kendrick next called for the Administrative Items: (items 1 - 4)
1. Road Names: The final packet on road names has been submitted and the Board needs to
act on accepting the primary road name or if it prefers, accept the alternate road name.
At this time we will go over the list and if there is an exception, we can bring up the
exception if not, the primary name stands. If you have an alternate choice, we need to bring
this up in the form of a motion to bring it in as a primary. Once we have all the primaries in
place, we will vote on these.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt in order to move things along and not get into a discussion about the road
names and put the Board in a position as individual members, he would like to offer to the Board that
they accept the recommendations made by the road naming committee based on input from citizens.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board accept the primary road names
as submitted by the Road Naming Committee. Also a moratorium is hereby placed on changing these
names until 24 months after the date that the County-wide Enhanced 9-11- system becomes fully
operational.
Mr. Kendrick did not agree with the name chosen for Route 614. He did not like the fact that this
road would be named after a deserter in the Civil War.
Mr. Kendrick called for discussion from the other Board members. Hearing none he called for a vote
on the motion to accept the names as presented by the road naming committee. VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.