041
After much consideration and reviewing of the facts that a minority was elected to the Board of
Supervisors out of the Falling River District with a minority make-up of 17.90% at the time elected,
Plan 7 as purposed will raise that to 23%. Also, a minority was elected to the Appomattox School
Board from the Piney Mountain District with a 29.43% and Plan 7 would slightly decrease that to
27%.
The Appomattox Assembly, Incorporated is in support of “Plan 7" as recommended to the Board of
Supervisors by the redistricting committee on Monday, May 7, 2001.
Sincerely,
Milton L. Chambers
President
Mr. Chambers also stated he had talked with President of the NAACP what wished the Board to
know that a letter of support would be forthcoming from Mr. Lloyd Cobb.
Mr. Evans Thomas came forward, gave his address as Route 4, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Thomas stated
he was the Chairman of the Appomattox Republican Committee. He thinks it is wonderful that the
Appomattox Assembly, NAACP and the Appomattox Republican Committee can all agree that this
is a very good redistricting plan. It is bipartisan and has been since its inception. He also feels it
represents a smallest percentage of change. People do not like change and tend to get upset when
they have to change voting precincts. He commended the work of the committee members and urged
support of the plan .
Mr. Kendrick asked if anyone else wished to speak in support of this plan.
Hearing none, he asked anyone in opposition to the proposed plan to come forward.
Mrs. Nina Beasley came forward stating her address as P. O. Box 192, Appomattox, Va. Mrs.
Beasley stated she was not in opposition of the plan but she would like to know where she would
be voting? In looking at the map, she feels it is a little confusing. She lives on Route 691. She has
been told she will be in the Wreck Island District.
Mr. Kendrick informed Mrs. Beasley that they would be happy to address this questions following
the public hearing.
Mr. Kendrick asked if anyone else wished to speak in opposition to the plan.
Hearing no further comments, Mr. Kendrick closed the public hearing at 7:21 p.m.
/ Ce :
erry G“Kendrick, Chairman