388
At 6:00 P. M. on September 18, 2000 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its meeting
at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: = Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:00 P.M. Mr. Moore called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Moore invited Mr. David Rose, of Davenport & Company, LLC to come before the Board of
Supervisors to give his presentation.
Mr. Rose began by distributing a handout to each of the Board members containing his revised
financial report on the County’s financial status. This report is a work in progress using the data
given to him after the last meeting. They will be revising this report as the Board so wishes.
Mr. Rose walked the Board through the report.
The Board interjected several questions during Mr. Rose’s presentation.
A lengthy question and answer period followed the close of the presentation.
Mr. Moore congratulated Mr. Rose for his presentation.
At 6:50 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to recess for the Public Hearing.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;. Mr. Carter did
not vote.
At 7:55 P.M. Mr. Moore reconvened the Board of Supervisors meeting.
Mr. Moore called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile discussed the County Employee’s Healthcare Plan. According to Code of Virginia 15.2-
1414.2 & .3 members of the Board of Supervisors may be covered under this group plan with county
paying premium as any other County Employee. Mr. Carwile proposed that the County offer all
Board Members healthcare coverage under the County Employee’s Healthcare Plan. Other counties
have enacted this policy.
There was some lengthy discussion regarding this. This does not include family coverage, only the
employee or official of the County.
Mr. Carter made a motion, seconded by Mr. Hancock to extend health insurance coverage to Board