202
Dr. Boone also stated that the proposed budget has a 12% increase for employee health
insurance.
Dr. Boone explained that this budget is a 9.56 percent increase from last year’s budget
and the amount of local funds above match requirements is $161,172 which is a 6.38
percent increase in local funds.
Dr. Boone stated that the School Board has not adopted this budget but will adopt and
submit to Board of Supervisors after the March 20, 2008 School Board meeting.
Dr. Boone finished his presentation and turned the meeting back over to the joint Boards.
Chairman Craft called for any questions from the Board of Supervisors. Chairman Craft
questioned that in changing the teacher student ratio was there going to be classrooms
available for this. Dr. Boone explained that there would be room.
Mr. Conrad questioned the personnel additions. How many custodians are already at
each school and is it practical to hire a supervisor to handle all this and what would the
salary be for someone in this position. He also questioned if it would be more practical to
take someone who is already in a custodial position and give them the responsibility to
supervise and give them an increase in salary rather than hiring a new position.
Mr. Conrad questioned if the dump truck would be a prudent purchase based on the
amount of snow we receive or is it used for other purposes,
Mr. Conrad also stated that he is aware of the fact that some of the schools equipment is
not being taken care of as it should be. He feels that money is being spent on this
equipment and it would be less costly or possibly save from having to buy new, if it had
been properly housed.
Mr. Perrow stated that the dump truck does have other uses other than snow removal and
the current dump truck is unsafe to drive.
Mr. Tanner questioned CIP issues and asked if there were any specific concerns. Dr.
Boone stated that the Primary and High school have concerns and that there is no money
in the budget for this. The proposed budget is only money to operate the school.
Mr. Perrow stated that an architectural study is being done and will give a better idea of
what CIP projects are needed. Dr. Boone also explained that they are currently working a
CIP list for the next ten years according to prioritization and what the estimated cost
would be.
Chairman Craft recessed the meeting at 7:55 P.M. and will continue the budget session at
the County Administration Building.