086
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby. certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for action from the executive session.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to hire Mr. Roger Womack for a
full-time position at the landfill at a salary of $11960.00 with a 6-month probationary
period. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger the explained that he would like to ask the Board to pass a resolution
supporting the schools efforts in having a two minute period of silence in the schools
each day.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to support the
school in pursuing a period of silence in the schools each morning. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the other members of the Board if they were interested in
beginning their meetings at 6:00 P.M. instead of 7:00 P.M. in order to be through by 9:00
P.M.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to begin the Board’s
regular meetings at 6:00 P.M. from now until the end of 1999.
Being no further business, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn
at 7:30 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
dmctl Lb trp
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHAIRMAN
=—