1. Assessment of Conviction Fees Ordinance Change: On July 2, 2007 a
public hearing was held to receive public comments on amending the
Assessment of Conviction Fees Courthouse Security Ordinance to a fee amount
of $10.00 per criminal or traffic case. No comments were received at this public
hearing.
Recommendation is adopting the amended ordinance assessing a fee of $10.00
per criminal or traffic case.
Mr. Craft made a motion seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt the following changes to the
Assessment of Conviction Fees Courthouse Security Ordinance, effective 9/1/07.
Article XVIII — Section 147-64.1 Assessment of Conviction Fees — to increase conviction fees to
fund additional courthouse security personnel.
Changes are shown in /ta/ics. The amendment is as follows:
Article XVIII - Ordinance on Conviction Fees to Fund Courthouse Security Personnel.
Section 147-61. Assessment of Conviction Fees
A. Fee Amount. A fee in the amount of five ten dollars $5-08) ($10.00) per criminal or traffic
case shall be imposed upon any individual convicted of violation of any stature or ordinance in
either the General District or Circuit Court of Appomattox.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Also, the County Administrator was unaware until last week that Juvenile and
Domestic Relations Court cases were not included in the original ordinance. We
need to schedule a public hearing for August 6, 2007 at 6:15 p.m. to consider
adding Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court to this ordinance.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to hold a public hearing on August 6,
2007 at 6:15 p.m. to consider adding the Juvenile and Domestic Relations Court to the
Assessment of Conviction Fees Courthouse Security Ordinance. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program: Mr. Craft’s term on the
Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program Policy Board will expire August 31,
2007. Mr. Craft is eligible for reappointment and is willing to serve another term.
Recommendation is to reappoint Mr. Craft to serve on the Policy Board for
Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program for a term of three (3) years —
September 1, 2007 to August 31, 2010.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to reappoint Mr. Craft to serve on
the Policy Board of the Central Virginia Alcohol Safety Action Program for a term of three
(3) years from September 1, 2007 to August 31, 2010. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, abstaining; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye - 1
abstained)