058
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. McKinley Tanner to appear before the Board.
Mr. Tanner gave his address as Route 1, Spout Spring, Virginia. Mr. Tanner continued
that he was a registered voter and a taxpayer of Appomattox County. Mr. Tanner stated
that he represents the Carver Price Alumni Association. Mr. Tanner stated that his group
wants to see the present facility renovated and added on to and continue to be used as an
educational facility. Mr. Tanner asked if a new school would magically increase SOL
scores. Mr. Tanner then provided several reasons why the Carver-Price Almuni
Association supported renovation versus new construction. Mr. Tanner then mentioned
that the Carver-Price School would be listed on the Civil Rights in Education Trail. Mr.
Tanner gave a brief history of Carver-Price School. In closing Mr. Tanner read the
Carver-Price school song.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that several people had asked that their letters be entered into
the record. Mr. Bosiger asked Mrs. Ferguson to read a letter from Dr. Betty Siano.
$COST$
Citizens
Opposing
School
Travesty
Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors
Appomattox County, Virginia
Gentlemen:
“Look at that Beauty,” “Look at that Shine”’ “In 15 or is it 20 Years” “She’ll be mine”
Or, ours as the case may be. I’ve altered the third line of that Depression Era ditty BUT,
every word is as true and applicable today, as it was at that time. Last years completion
of the RENOVATION of the MIDDLE SCHOOL was just the beginning, NOW ALL
WE (THE TAXPAYER) HAVE TO DO, IS PAY FOR IT!
And, I don’t know how others may feel, but I feel like the proverbial “RUBE” at a
carnival. I keep throwing my money away, trying to win but I haven’t learned that the
TARGETS ARE TOO FAST FOR ME.
I, like many others, was all for that RENOVATION, but the REAL PRIZE, it seems, has
been lost, the MIDDLE SCHOOL still does not provide enough space, for instance, to
feed the students without having 5 (FIVE) lunch periods. The last one at 1:30. I,
certainly would dislike being one of those students who ate last! I wonder how many
adults of this community would like to have lunch that late?