224
Mr. Elder explained that the caseload was growing through 2005 and then you seen a
decrease and the reason for this is we are serving the same number of people and same
number of families, what has happened is we are getting cases that are so difficult and so
time consuming. Mr. Elder stated that previously they would open a case on anyone that
was given a food bag, paid an electric bill or helped someone fill out a form which was
legal, they received funding for that, however Mr. Elder stated they do not have time to
do this anymore. Mr. Elder stated that they are spending their time on the time
consuming rough cases that takes up all the time, Mr. Elder stated that at one time we did
not have any foster children now we have seven foster children. Mr. Elder stated that his
foster care worker does adult protective services, adult services and foster care and he
stated that this is impossible to be done in this manner and to be done correctly. When
this is not done correctly you get state and federal charge backs. Mr. Elder stated that he
needs another worker.
Mr. Elder called for any questions from the Board.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Elder on what is determined a success from their stand point.
Mr. Elder stated that in child foster care the goal is to get them back into the home. Mr.
Elder stated that if they can give services and not remove the child into foster care that is
what is done, however when the situation is bad enough they have to protect the child and
they will remove them from the home. Mr. Elder stated that what he really considers a
success would be keeping the child safe.
Mr. Elder next explained the independent living and working and transitional daycare
budget.
Mr. Elder explained that he went online and looked across the state and found the areas
with the same amount of population as Appomattox and compared their eligibility
workers with Appomattox and averaged it out and found that in the area of eligibility
workers the average have one more eligibility worker than what Appomattox has and one
and a half more social workers than what Appomattox has and Mr. Elder stated that he is
requesting an additional employee for each of these categories.
Mr. Elder thanked the Board for letting him present his budget.
Chairman Craft next called on Mary Anne Freshwater the Victim/Witness Advocate to
come before the Board.
Ms. Freshwater began explaining her budget and the changes of what had been given to
the Board before her grant training class.
Ms. Freshwater stated that Appomattox County had been very supportive of the
Victim/Witness Program since it began in 1997.