244
know that we do not need a referendum?
Mr. Carwile stated that was the word from our County Attorney.
Mr. Carter stated that our County Attorney has revealed that we do not have to have areferendum in order to relocate the Courthouse.
Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Carter had read it in his book.
Mr. Carter continued that he read it in the book and heard it but he understood that there was onemore Attorney General’s opinion, from his office rather, that Mr. Puckett was waiting on. Mr.Carter asked Mr. Carwile if he remembered that?
Mr. Carwile stated that it was all in the minutes.
Mr. Carter agreed and stated that the minutes reflected that Mr. Puckett was waiting for moreinformation. Mr. Carter asked Mr. Puckett if he had heard any more and continued that heguessed that the Board was on solid ground to move forward at this time?
Mr. Puckett stated that it was his opinion at this time that a referendum vote was not required buthe had requested an additional opinion.
Mr. Moore stated that the next item was the AIA documents for the Sheriff's office addition. Mr.Moore continued that the Board needed to approve these documents.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the signing of the AIA documentsfor the Sheriff's office addition. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Carwile, aye; Mr.Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that there were several supplemental appropriations necessary.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the supplemental appropriation inthe amount of $80,000.00 for architectural services for the new elementary school. Vote: Mr.Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve a $5,000.00 appropriation forthe schools to pay for topographic surveys and maps for the new elementary school site. Vote:Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appropriate $1950.00 to the jailbudget for a maintenance contract on jail software and an $85.12 supplemental appropriation forovertime pay received from the schools for officers working football games. Vote: Mr. Moore,aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr Hancock to appropriate $5936.26 to the