649
11. County Administration: Please transfer $3,313.61 from Operating Reserve to the
County Administrator’s budget to pay for new telephone system one time expenses.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next read the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 12 — 15)
12. Evergreen Music Festival Report: Letter received from Ken Swanson containing
report on the Music Festival held on September 4, 2004 as requested by the Board.
13. Town of Appomattox Workshop Agenda: Agenda for workshop held on September
28, 2004.
14, Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District Board of Directors Meeting:
Minutes of August 26, 2004 Board of Directors Meeting of the Robert E. Lee Soil &
Water Conservation District.
15. Appomattox County School Board: Financial report for the month of November 2004.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Conrad commented on recent actions regarding the re-enactment. There has been some talk
about the Board being reimbursed for the extra monies spent over and above the amount spent for
insurance. He feels in the best interest of everyone involved that the Board of Supervisor decline
this offer.
Mr. Carter agrees with Mr. Conrad. Decline the offer of re-imbursement.
Mr. Moore agrees with declining this offer.
Mr. Armbrust has no concerns.
Mr. Craft commented on the costs of housing prisoners with other localities.
Mr. Moore had no concerns.
Mr. Carter stated he had been approached about having an open house at the new Courthouse. He
has talked briefly about this with Ms. Ferguson and she has some ideas as to how to handle this
by using the staff of the County Administration Office.
Ms. Ferguson stated some of the court staff would be moving the last of the month and she
suggested that the open house be held prior to their moving. Her office staff would provide
guided tours and hopefully someone from the four (4) offices that would be located in the
courthouse would be present also. She has also suggested that cookies and punch be served. She
will discuss this with those offices that will be located there, the judges, as well as the Sheriff's
office.
By consensus, the Board agreed to hold this Open House on Sunday, October 17, 2004 during the
hours of 2:00 to 4:00 p.m.
Mr. Armbrust stated he has had several comments regarding the volunteer rescue squad vs a paid
rescue squad. Several other members stated that have been receiving comments as well.