36
school on property. Property is currently zoned Village District V-1, identified as Tax
Map #41(A)79 and is approximately 0.81 acres in size. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
RZ-07002/CUP07004 -— Lawson Family LLC/Cornerstone Christian
Academy: Rezone property from M-1 to B-1 and a Conditional Use Permit for a
school in a business zoning district. Recommendation is to approve both
petitions.
Mr. Conrad stated he had done a lot of thinking about this petition and has received a
lot of phone calls and the majority of these calls were very cordial in establishing this
school for their kids. If you look at this from the standpoint that this is an M-1 district
and they are looking to convert it to B-1 district. The long term plan is that we will see
the Route 460 area as being B-1. He feels like this school will give the people of
Appomattox a good alternative. People who will be moving to Appomattox in the future
as well as those that are already here, will have a healthy choice of schools. Not
everyone wants to send their children to public school.
Mr. Armbrust stated his only concern is safety.
Mr. Craft feels this petition should be approved. There may be some problems with
traffic in this area but they can be worked out.
Mr. Moore stated that in discussing spot zoning, if you spot zone up, it is Okay. If this
were a case of zoning down, he would have a problem with it.
Mr. Carter has some concerns along the lines of safety. This has turned into more of an
emotional aspect than anything he has seen in a while. However, in looking at it in
depth, he hopes that nothing builds adjacent to the property for the children’s sake. He
hopes everything will work out as this school will be an asset to the community.
Mr, Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve RZ07002 and
CUP07004 for Lawson Family LLC/Cornerstone Christian Academy’s request to
rezone property and obtain a conditional use permit on property located on the west
side of Police Tower Road (Route 613) between Richmond Highway (Route 460 and 3°
Division Road (Route 341) for the purpose of locating a private school on property.
Request is to rezone a three (3) acre portion of the property from Industrial District, M-1
to Commercial District, B-1, identified as Tax Map #s 63(A)9 and 63(A)11. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
RZ-07003 — Phelps, Wayne & Sylvia: Rezone property from R-1 to B-1.
Recommendation is to table for further information.
There was no action taken on this petition.
RZ-07004 — Burruss Conner Properties LLC: Rezone property from R-1 to
B-1. Recommendation is to table for further information.