164
for 2000-01 thru 2005-06, was presented by D.L. Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer for the
Virginia Department of Transportation.
WHEREAS, the proposed list for the 2000-01 Secondary Road Construction Budget was also
presented for consideration.
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Secondary Road Improvement Six Year Plan for 2000-01 thru
2005-06 is hereby approved.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the priority list for the 2000-01 Secondary Road
Construction Budget is hereby approved.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
At 7:02 P.M. Mr. Bosiger recessed the meeting until after the public hearing.
At 7:23 P.M. Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting and explained that Mr. Moore would be in the
Planning Commission meeting and the Board would proceed with business until he was able to
join the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a supplemental appropriation request from Mr. Carroll for
professional services provided at the landfill.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $21,477.47 to pay Hurt &
Proffitt for professional services provided at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that there were two information items, one concerning the landfill
inspection report and one on the industrial park bids for the Board to review.
Discussion followed concerning the landfill inspection report and the appropriate answer to the
report. By consensus Mr. Carroll was to draft a response to DEQ concerning the report.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the other members of the Board to turn their attention to the information
item concerning a letter to legislators on landfill issues.
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to send the letter concerning
landfill issues to Senator Holland and Delegate Abbitt. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a recess at 7:38 P.M. because he needed to leave the meeting for a
few minutes due to an emergency.
At 7:59 P.M. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting with Mr. Bosiger not yet returned and Mr.