15
John G. Overstreet, County Attorney
John K. Spencer, Jr., Assistant County Administrator
Johnnie Roark, County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Armbrust to deliver
the invocation, followed by the Pledge of Allegiance to the American Flag.
Mr. Carter then called for Setting of the Agenda:
Change Item 11: from $50.00 to $200.00
Change Item 13: from $364.70 to $729.40
Add: Item 12A: Legal Services.
Add: Item 12B: Litter Grant.
Add: Item 14A: Asset Forfeiture Fund.
Mr. Carter then called for the Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear and to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern for the citizen.
There were no comments at this time.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-3)
1. Regional Jail Authority Agreement: We have received the revised Regional
Jail Authority Agreement. You will remember when the agreement was adopted
in January, there were some dollar figures that were not firm. Item 6 contains
the new figures. Mr. Overstreet felt that the Board would need to readopt the
agreement due to these changes.
AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT, is entered into by the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority (the “Authority”), the
County of Bedford, the City of Bedford, The County of Campbell, the County of Halifax and the City of Lynchburg
(the “Original Members”) and the County of Appomattox and the County of Amherst (the “New Members”), this 1*
day ofJuly, 2007.
WHEREAS, the Blue Ridge Regional Jail Authority Amended and Restated Service Agreement (the “Service
Agreement”) was entered into by the Authority and the Original Members on July 28, 1997; and
WHEREAS, the Counties of Appomattox and Amherst have requested to join the Authority as members; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia General Assembly has approved language in the Appropriations Act authorizing
Appomattox County and Amherst County to join the Authority and for the Authority to submit a Planning Study and
Community-Based Corrections Plan to the Virginia Department of Corrections by March 1, 2007 for the construction
of a new facility to be built in Amherst County and operated by the Authority to replace the cxisting Amherst and
Appomattox jails and the Moneta facility currently operated by the Authority, with the understanding that if the
Planning Study and Community-Based Corrections Plan are approved the Commonwealth will fund 50% of the eligible
costs of constructing the new facility, which studies have been submitted; and
NOW THEREFORE, it is agreed by the parties as follows:
1. Addition of Members.
Pursuant to Section 6.7 of the Service Agreement, the Authority and the Original Members agree to add
Appomattox County and Amherst County as members of the Authority, effective as of July 1, 2007, and subject to the
remaining provisions of this Agreement.