196
CSA is changing their guidelines. State is not changing their services but they are
changing as where the children get their services. We have no place in Appomattox to
serve these children, so they have to go out of the area. The County’s portion of expenses
is .2438% with the State picking up the balance.
Mr. Conrad feels that due to the complexity of this, State is going to tum it over to the
locality to handle and fund.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Planning and Building Department have been working
on getting a new building permits system which would be $50,000 this year and next
year.
Ms. Ferguson explained that legislature has added $5,000 to the Forestry Department that
the County will have to pay.
Ms. Ferguson next reviewed the entire revenue budget. Ms. Ferguson reminded the
Board that this revenue is based on tax rate of .46 per 100 minus the tax relief for the
elderly and the abatement.
Mr. Carter asked what $.01 cent of tax rate would equate to. Ms. Ferguson responded
with $126,797,
Ms. Ferguson explained to Mr. Tanner that figures used for the revenue projections are
very conservative.
Ms. Ferguson continued to review the revenue by each department.
Chairman Craft adjourned the meeting at 6:45 P.M. to attend a joint meeting with the
School Board at 7:00 P.M.
Chairman called the meeting back to order at 8:10 P.M. It was the consensus of the Board
to stop budget sessions by 9:00 P.M.
Ms. Ferguson continued to review the revenue by each department.
Ms. Ferguson stated that Josh Hackett has been a real asset to the adoption program.
Ms. Ferguson stated that closure on the landfill will not start until next February and will
continue to put waste in the cell as we have been doing, so fees will be left in this budget
for this. Ms. Ferguson explained that the cell has 6-9 months left and there was an option
to close now, but staff feels this would be a waste of air space so an extension was asked
to keep the cell open until filled.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she has reduced the revenue in the constitutional officer’s
budget due to state reducing their reimbursements. Ms. Ferguson explained that the