586
Mr. Kendrick stated that Sheriff Staples has submitted a letter to the Board requesting
that they strongly consider paying the full amount of health insurance for all county
employees.
Kendrick made a statement regarding the amount of insurance some of the employees are paying
for coverage, especially those law enforcement officers who risk their lives each day.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding staying with Trigon or looking into other plans such as
HMO’s, etc.
Mr. Carwile made a motion for the County to provide 100% of employees health care cost, with
Dental Care Optional on employee’s part. Mr. Kendrick seconded this motion with an
amendment to continue looking at an HMO’s or premium insurance for the future.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
At 6:47 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called for recess until after the Public Hearing on Biosolids.
At 7:55 P.M., Mr. Kendrick reopened the Board of Supervisors meeting and called for the next
items on the agenda.
4. Board Appointments:
a. Central Virginia ASAP Committee: Mr. Willie Craft’s term on this committee
has expired. Mr. Craft has expressed an interest and willingness to continue
representing the County on this Board.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to re-appoint Mr. Willie Craft to serve
another term on the Central Virginia ASAP Committee. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
b. Library Board: Ms. Margie Reider’s term has expired and she has indicated that
she does not wish to be reappointed. The Board needs to appoint a representative
from the Appomattox River District.
The Board by consensus tabled this until the September 17" meeting.
5. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has submitted its
recommendations on petitions heard at the August 20" , 2001 Public Hearing.
01-478 - Ronald W. Carter - Re-zone property from R-1 to B-1 with conditional use
permit for mini-storage business per §170-47 of the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance. Property is located on Route 656 between Route 24 and Route 706, Tax Map
#64(3)3, and is currently zoned R-1.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve for reasons of public necessity,