170
Mr. Tom Schmutz, came forward and gave his address as,1656 Beckham Road, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Schmutz addressed the board regarding his reassessment. He stated that
his reassessment has increased 346 percent.
Chairman Craft asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Hearing none, Chairman Craft went into the first item on the agenda under
Administrative Items which was Erosion and Sediment Control Specialist.
Ms. Ferguson explained that at this time Amelia and Nottaway are looking to participate
jointly with Appomattox and possibly another locality in hiring someone to administer
this program. The projected budget is $60,000 which our locality would have to
contribute $20,000. DCR is requiring that the County make more inspections on those
erosion and sediment control permits and there is no way we are able to get it all done.
Mrs. Ferguson asked for permission to continue working with the other localities and
bring back a formal agreement once everything is settled. Our goal would be to have an
individual in each of the localities at least one day a week and then determine how much
work is needed and maybe another half of day in the localities that there is anced. We
feel that one day would take care of Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter stated that he thinks this is a great idea.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that they are also looking at the towns in each of the localities,
because they are also under the same mandate at the counties.
Mr. Conrad stated that based on DCR’s evaluation that was done at an earlier date, we
had some short falls in the area of inspections.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that DCR was going to pressure us to hire an inspector and they
were prepared to come and talk to the Board regarding this. She stated that staff felt that
Appomattox County hiring someone full time was unnecessary.
Mr. Carter made the motion to enter into an agreement with other localities in hiring
someone to administer our Erosion and Sediment Control Program. Mr. Conrad
seconded Mr. Carter’s motion. Vote: Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye.
Chairman Craft presented the next item for discussion Administrative Item #2 —
VML/VACo Legislative Day which is scheduled for February 7". The County
Administrator and Assistant County Administrator are planning on attending. Anyone
wishing to attend please contact the County Administrator.
Chairman Craft called for further discussion on this matter.