150
still about twelve (12) inches below normal. He would like to see more people compost
instead of burning as much as possible. Another alternative is to place the leaves, etc.
on your garden. Campbell County has lifted their ban, but Amherst and Nelson County
still have their ban in place.
Mr. Conrad asked if Mr. Wingfield knew why Campbell County lifted theirs and Amherst
County did not.
Mr. Wingfield replied that with the fire that Amherst County has on Tobacco Row Road
and the mountainous terrain in the county, this is the driving force in keeping their burn
ban in place. He is still concerned about developers who pile up brush, etc., and burn
them.
After further discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to lift the
Burn Ban placed in effect on October 15, 2007. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent).
Mr. Carter, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, then declared the Burn Ban that has
been in place since October 15, 2007 be lifted effective November 26, 2007.
2. Calendar for 2008 Board Meetings: _ The calendar for the 2008 Board of
Supervisors meetings has been set up. Would the Board like to continue with
the meetings at the community center or move them to the new office space.
Recommendation: Staff recommends considering the proposed meeting dates
and letting the County Administrator know if there are any conflicts.
Mr. Carter stated that this calendar included the regular meetings, as well as those joint
meetings with the School Board and Regional Dinners.
Mr. Conrad comments that due to his and Mr. Craft’s habit of being out of town around
the later part of November each year, there will be a conflict with the meeting beingheld on November 24", He is asking if the Board could hold one meeting during the
month of November.
Mr. Craft suggested that the November meeting be held on the 10", with the next two
meetings being held on December 1* and December 15" 2008,
Ms. Ferguson will make the above changes and the Board can adopt this meeting
schedule at the Organizational Meeting in January, 2008.
Discussion moved to the question of continuing to use the Community Center, or to
move the Board meetings to the Administrators new office.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there had been some discussion of holding separate meetings
on the nights the Planning Commission has its meetings. The majority of the members
preferred not to hold two (2) separate meetings.