432
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ABSENT: Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:30 P.M. Mr. Moore opened the Public Hearing and read a statement that the Board of
Supervisors would receive comments regarding the proposed 911 Ordinance and Telephone Utility
License Tax.
ARTICLE XVII
SPECIAL TAX FOR THE PROVISION OF ENHANCED 9-1-1 SERVICES
(final draft)
§ 147-54 Definitions
A. “Automatic location identification” or “ALI” means a telephone network capability that
enables the automatic display of information defining the geographical location of the
telephone used to place a wireline E-911 call.
B. “Automatic number identification” or “ANI” means a telephone network capability that
enables the automatic display of the telephone number used to place a wireline E-911 call.
C. “Consumer” means a person who, individually or through agents, employees, officers,
representatives, or permittees, makes a taxable purchase of local telephone services.
D. “Enhanced 9-1-1 services” or “E-911" means a service consisting of telephone network
features and Public Safety Answering Points (PSAPs) provided for users of telephone
systems enabling such users to reach a PSAP by dialing the digits “9-1-1.” Such service
automatically directs E-911 emergency telephone calls to the appropriate PSAPs by selective
routing based on the geographical location from which the emergency call originated and
provides the capability for ANI and/or ALI features.
E. “Local telephone service” means switched local exchange access service for voice and data
transmission.
F. “Provider” means every person engaged in the business of selling local telephone services
to consumers.
G. “Public Safety Agency” means a functional division of a public agency which provides fire-
fighting, police, medical, or other emergency services or a private entity which provides such
services on a volunteer basis.
H. “Public Safety Answering Point” or “PSAP” means acommunications facility equipped and
staffed on a twenty-four hour basis to receive and process E-911 calls.