453
Chairman having the right to vote, make a second but having no right to veto. By consensus the
Board decided to stay with “Robert’s Rules of Order”.
The next order of business was to establish the dates and times of the regular meetings of the Board
of Supervisors. Mr. Moore suggested that the meetings continue to be held on the first and third
Monday of each month at 6:00 P.M., with no new business being bought up after 9:30 P.M.
The Board by consensus agreed to this.
Mr. Kendrick then called for Instructions to the County Administrator.
Mr. Carwile expressed his appreciation for the expeditious manner things are done when they come
to the office.
Mr. Carter expressed he felt the County Administrator was doing an excellent job.
Mr. Kendrick expressed that during the course of the year we keep in mind that everyone is privy
to the same information. It is easy to make good decisions when we have good information. He
asked Mr. Carroll to continue in the same manner as he has previously.
Mr. Moore expressed the confidence he has in the way Mr. Carroll has carried out his duties.
At 6:20 P.M. Mr. Kendrick called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, Resident Engineer, VDOT to come before
the Board.
Ms. Lindsay stated the Board needed to adopt the resolution for the 6-Year Plan for Secondary
Improvements.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the 6-year Plan for Secondary
Improvements. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and
Mr. Carwile, aye.
Mr. Carwile thanked VDOT for the tree trimming done on Route 613.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and dismissed Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Kendrick then called Mr. Paul Lee of Robinson, Farmer, Cox to review the County Audit Report
for FY 2000.
Mr. Lee stated that he and his staff cover every aspect of the financial records of the County, revenue
as well as expenditures, board minutes, grants and Federal taxes. In the years they have been doing
our audits, he has never found any problems. Mr. Lee stated that our Reserve this past year was
around 10%. He would like for us to be closer to 15% in reserves but stated we do not want to drop
below the 10% level.
Our tax collections rate was pretty high, around 98%,