11
Mr. Conrad — Concerning the Water Line, in watching the town meeting on TV
he got the impression that it was our attitude that more or less took care of this
issue, He would like to say that we do not have an attitude issue, but basically
that we had voted on this issue and decided on the direction we would take. We
were willing to have an open discussion on this issue.
Mr. Armbrust - He agrees with Mr. Conrad. He apologizes to the Town if they
think he was negative. The time to talk is now. This needs to be a cooperative
effort.
He also feels that we need to move forward with what had been done tonight.
He stated his position on the B-1 district - a school in the business district. He
feels we need to look at the safety of the children, traffic, right of ways and
access.
Mr, Craft — He feels we need sound zoning practices. We have some situations
in the County at the present time and we do not know what the outcome will be.
If in the past, we had had sound zoning practices, we would not have the
problems we have today.
Mr. Armbrust — We set ourselves up for conditional use, when we could have
just said NO.
20. Closed Session: The County Administrator has requested a closed session
under Code Section 2.2-3711(A)(1) Personnel, to discuss an increase in salary for
a County Employee.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to enter into closed session under
Section 2.2-3711(A)(1) — Personnel for the purpose of discussing salary increase for
county employee. VOTE: Mr. Armbrurst, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following Certification Statement:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under § 2.2-3711(A)(1)-
Personnel- of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing salary increase for a
County Employee.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question: