75
various things and he supports this fully. This is the first step up the “Mountain” it is not
the top of the “mountain”, but the first step.
Bill Lu, 215 Peaceful Meadow, Spout Spring, Va.: He has been trying to get Jet
Broadband for years. He runs a restaurant and is in favor of this service, as soon as
possible,
Mr, Roark asked if anyone else wished to speak in favor of this petition.
Mr. Roark asked if anyone wished to speak against this petition.
Hearing no one, Mr. Roark presented the next petition:
CUP07006 — James Kennon T/A Kennon Auto Sales: The applicant is requesting
a Conditional Use Permit for property located on Richmond Highway (Route 460) in
order to re-locate his business (automotive sales and service). The proposed property is
located on the south side of Richmond Highway (Route 460) on the east bond lane and
bounded on the east and south by Phoebe Pond Road (Route 609). Property is zoned
Commercial District, B-1, consists of approximately 2.42 acres , Tax Map #72 (3) 2 and
is located in the Concord Business Park which is currently home to a mixture of business
and industry. The entrance to this business would be from Phoebe Pond Road.
Mr. Roark called for comments for the petition.
James Kennon, 6244 Narragansett Drive, Lynchburg, VA: He has been in
business for about twenty (20) years. Two years ago, he moved to the Route 460
location. He feels the new property will be a much better location and he will have room
for growth. He presently has seven (7) employees and would like to be able to hire
more.
Mr. Roark called for comments against the petition.
Ms. Virginia Watkins, 1167 Phoebe Pond Road, Concord, VA: She lives directly
across from the location we are talking about. It is all residential in there. Personally, it
just seems like to her it would be an eyesore. If it were buffered right with fast growing
trees maybe it would be considered. She is against this petition.
Ms. Nancy Almond, 1243 Phoebe Pond Road, Concord, VA: She lives in the same
general vicinity as this proposed automotive sales and service. She feels this would be
an eyesore to the neighborhood. Grass and weeds will be allowed to grow and she is
against this petition.
Mr. Roark asked for additional comments. Hearing none, he turned the meeting back to
Mr. Carter.
Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 6:40 p.m.
Arar2, 2 bis