438
million cap. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
2. Central Virginia Community Services Resolution:
Mr. Moore stated he was at the CVCS meeting when this resolution was brought up and it is
something he would recommend that the Board do. The way this program is set up, it has to have
the approval of all the jurisdictions represented in order for them to purchase this equipment. This
is at no cost to the County.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick that the Board accept the Central Virginia
Community Services resolution as follows:
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board is a Chapter 10 Board created pursuant
to Chapter 10 of Section 37.1 of the Code of Virginia, by the counties of Amherst, Appomattox,
Bedford and Campbell, and the Cities of Lynchburg and Bedford, in order to provide mental health,
mental retardation, and substance abuse services to said Counties and Cities;
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board desires to enter into Equipment Leases
with Dell Financial Services, L.P., Municipal Leasing Credit shown on the attached list. The term
of each lease would vary between thirty-six (36) and sixty (60) months, but each would allow Central
Virginia Community Services Board to purchase the computers, software, and related equipment at
the end of the lease term for $1.00 (together all such leases referred to as the “Equipment Leases”)
and which computers, software and related equipment are to be use by Central Virginia Community
Services Board to provide mental health, mental retardation, and substance abuse services to its
service area;
WHEREAS, the present budget for fiscal year 2001 provides funds sufficient to pay the lease costs
associated with the Equipment Leases for fiscal year 2001;
WHEREAS, the Equipment Leases may be considered to be a financing arrangement and as such
type of“loan”;
WHEREAS, Section 37.1-197(a)(11) requires Central Virginia Community Services Board to obtain
the consent of the government bodies of the political subdivisions that established it prior to
“applying for and accepting loans”;
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board has requested the consent of each political
subdivision for Central Virginia Community Services Board to enter into a perform the Equipment
Leases in the event such Equipment Leases constitute a “loan within the meaning of Section 37.1-
197(a)(11) of the Code of Virginia, 1950;
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that Central Virginia Community Services Board is authorized
to enter into and perform the Equipment Leases.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
3. Personnel Policy: