229
25;t269@mploy very few people.
Mr. Torrence continued that there were a few things that he felt the Board had always tried to doint ApH Fh dttoME dvhngreviien| they therputblkitpatingtdinisiging in bésiness. One was to seek abusiness\that we would not have to be afraid of, two were business’ that would not pollute thewaters, a thee were business’ that would not pollute the air//In closing Mr. Torrence statedthat he had Several suggestions that he felt should be done. 1 Lower the acreage and setbacksBusspildd thttorin€2iincmase the Testrictions on the swiyé as much as the courts wouldl allow.
Mr. Moore then dalled for other comments, //
Mr. Carl Hilbers cane forward and gave his addres¢/as 10575 Redhouse Road, Red House,Virginia. Mr. Hilbers began by saying that he haseen a farmer, he’s been in construction andthat he has been in real é State in Pennsylvania afid New J ersey. Mr. Hilbers stated how much thepopulation had increased n fifty years and asked what we were going to feed people if we did nothave these type operations? \Mr. Hilbers continued that industrial farming was coming inwhether you want it or you dok’t because people are going to have to eat. Mr. Hilbers continuedthat the only thing that he could see the ounty doing was to take your best farm land, split theCounty in half, zone the best half'y tural industrial and make the laws so strict that nodeveloping can be done in that area\and only the other half of the County could be residential.Mr. Hilbers continued that way you gauld keep farming for quite awhile until industry andresidential growth became so bad that twould choke the farms out.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. , ank I. Jondés to come forward.
y,
Mr. Jones began by giving hj address as RoutS1 Box 2329, Spout Spring, Virginia 24593, Mr.Jones continued that he wag concerned with the setback requirements from creeks and rivers.Mr. Jones stated that he owned a farm of 300 plus ¥cres and that there were five creeks and oneriver on this farm. Mr. Jones continued that if a one\t ile setback is required from creeks andrivers he would not bg able to do anything with his farm. Mr. Jones stated that if you sold anacre of land for som¢6ne to build a house then you woul be required to build a new fence atgreat expense in order to achieve the required setbacks from residential areas. Mr. J onescontinued that it peated that the hog farming was the real\sroblem and if that were true whynot just say we don’t want hog farming and leave everything\élse alone? Mr. Jones also statedthat he disagre¢s with the two mile setback requirement from churches because there are so manyof them in thé County and it would greatly limit where farming cguld take place. Mr. Jones inclosing askgd the Board to make a decision and stick with it and not change it in six months.
Mr. Mo6re called for other comments.
Hearjhg none, Mr. Moore called for questions.