230
or turkeys but the problem was with the hogs. Mr. Torrence sited several articles that he had readconcerning the nightmares involved with hog farming. Mr. Torrence continued that he wouldlike to list several things that he had found in his studies of hog operations.1. Intensive hog farming operations pay very little taxes, and2. they employ very few people.
Mr. Torrence continued that there were a few things that he felt the Board had always tried to doin Appomattox County when they were talking about bringing in business. One was to seek abusiness that we would not have to be afraid of, two were business’ that would not pollute thewaters, and three were business’ that would not pollute the air. In closing Mr. Torrence statedthat he had several suggestions that he felt should be done. 1) Lower the acreage and setbacksexcept on the swine; 2) Increase the restrictions on the swine as much as the courts would] allow.
Mr. Moore then called for other comments.
Mr. Carl Hilbers came forward and gave his address as 10575 Redhouse Road, Red House,Virginia. Mr. Hilbers began by saying that he has been a farmer, he’s been in construction andthat he has been in real estate in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Mr. Hilbers stated how much thepopulation had increased in fifty years and asked what we were going to feed people if we did nothave these type operations? Mr. Hilbers continued that industrial farming was coming inwhether you want it or you don’t because people are going to have to eat. Mr. Hilbers continuedthat the only thing that he could see the County doing was to take your best farm land, split theCounty in half, zone the best half agricultural industrial and make the laws so strict that nodeveloping can be done in that area and only the other half of the County could be residential.Mr. Hilbers continued that way you could keep farming for quite awhile until industry andresidential growth became so bad that it would choke the farms out.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Frank I. Jones to come forward.
Mr. Jones began by giving his address as Route 1 Box 2329, Spout Spring, Virginia 24593. Mr.Jones continued that he was concerned with the setback requirements from creeks and rivers.Mr. Jones stated that he owned a farm of 300 plus acres and that there were five creeks and oneriver on this farm. Mr. Jones continued that if a one mile setback is required from creeks andrivers he would not be able to do anything with his farm. Mr. Jones stated that if you sold anacre of land for someone to build a house then you would be required to build a new fence atgreat expense in order to achieve the required setbacks from residential areas. Mr. Jonescontinued that it appeared that the hog farming was the real problem and if that were true whynot just say we don’t want hog farming and leave everything else alone? Mr. Jones also statedthat he disagrees with the two mile setback requirement from churches because there are so manyof them in the County and it would greatly limit where farming could take place. Mr. Jones inclosing asked the Board to make a decision and stick with it and not change it in six months.
Mr. Moore called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore called for questions.