108
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Howard Bryan came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Concord, Virginia.
Mr. Bryan stated that he was in need of expanding his business of restoring and repairing
harps. Mr. Bryan stated that he had understood that there were some concerns with the
number of tractor trailers that his business might attract to this site and he explained that
that their would be a very few. Mr. Bryan continued that one entire year’s production
would fit in one trailer.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-398 of Doris K. Maxwell to rezone property from
R-2 to Commercial (B-1). Property is Tax Map No. 60A-4-10 (Dogwood Hill Section II
Subdivision, Lot 10) located on Route 460 between Route 609 and Route 667.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Tom Connelly came forward gave his address as Route 2, Spout Spring and stated
that he was speaking for Century 21 All Service. Mr. Jeff Lewis also came forward and
gave his address as Concord, Virginia. Mr. Lewis stated that he wanted to open a martial
arts studio for karate training and that was the reason for the rezoning request.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Milton Staples came forward and gave his address as Concord, Virginia. Mr. Staples
stated that he would like to see this petition approved.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-399 of David Lynn Witt for a conditional use
permit for home occupation (firearm dealership) in accessory building. Property is Tax
Map No. 85-A-4C located on Route 652 between route 648 and Route 606 and is zoned
A-l.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Gene Rasmussen came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 1870A,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Rasmussen continued that he had a few questions concerning
this requests and therefore he was opposed to the petition.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.