622
addressed. In accordance with that, there will be many, many changes taking place. All of us
will have to change our checkbooks, our credit cards, changing this and changing that, but it is
something that has to be done. The end result will be that it will benefit each and everyone of
us. The first time Mr. Hunt's address was changed, we were not under the E-911 mandate.
Ms. Ferguson explained that this money was being spent toward the addressing system now
being installed.
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. Request for Musical/Entertainment Festival Permit: Larry & Sterry Davis are
requesting a permit to hold a summer festival at Stonewall Vineyards and Winery on
September 11, 2004. They are also requesting the bond requirement be waived.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the Musical/Entertainment for
Stonewall Vineyards and Winery to hold a festival on September 11, 2004 and that the bond
requirement be waived. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Connie Purvis — Blue Ridge EMS Council: Mrs. Purvis is applying for a grant to
purchase EMT-B equipment training kits for area high schools. She hopes that with
the availability of these kits in the high schools, our youth will become interested in
the volunteer rescue squad system. Also, it may open career opportunities in
hospitals, nursing homes, doctor's offices, and with paid agencies. She is requesting
a letter of support for her grant application.
Mr. Conrad stated that during the budget process, the Board indicated that they supported the
Blue Ridge EMS Council and what they are doing.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the letter of support for the Blue
Ridge EMS Council's grant application. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Habitat for Humanity, Inc.: Evelyn Ford, President of the Appomattox County
Habitat for Humanity, Inc., is requesting that the building permit fee and the erosion
and sediment control application fee be waived for their next house.
After some discussion regarding the waiving of these fees in the past, Mr. Moore made a motion,
seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to waive the building permit and the erosion and sediment control
application fees for the Appomattox County Habitat for Humanity, Inc. on their next house.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
4. Bid for Landfill Roll-off Truck: Mrs. Rockefellow has provided bid totals for the
purchase of a new roll-off truck. This equipment purchase was included in the
FY2005 budget. Staff recommends accepting the low bid of $98,719.00 received
from Cavalier Equipment Corporation.
Mr. Moore asked if this figure includes all the equipment necessary to handle the containers, etc.
or if we will need to have additional work done for this.
Ms. Rockefellow stated that everything was included.