474
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. - Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
Phyllis Katz - Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
At 6:01 P.M. Mr. Kendrick opened the meeting and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legal
issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matter.
At 6:02 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into a closed session to
discuss a legal and personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 6:58 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Hancock it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Hancock the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed session this date
pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the Virginia
Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2..1-344 of the Code of Virginia, as amended requires a certification by the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed session was conducted in conformity
with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia Law were discussed in the closed
session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were heard; discussed
or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and
Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Kendrick next called for Supervisors Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked for a report on the status of Porter House Road as to who owns the property.
Mr. Carroll explained the question is to whether or not that property was conveyed when the
subdivision was done. It does not appear that it was conveyed to the property owners by Mr. Gunter.
The question is can we prove that it is Mr. Gunter’s or not Mr. Gunter’s. He has not been able to get
in touch with the lawyer handling this. It may involve a title search of each property but it does not
appear to be any quick and easy answers at this time.