Mr. Wingfield presented an article from the Richmond Times Dispatch of October 25" regarding the
fact that the Bay health is worsening because of polluting; another article in a Crewe, Va. newspaper,
Norton’s water supply containing lead and unfit to drink; and the Appomattox Times Virginian a
notice that the Town of Pamplin’s water supply was contaminated.
3. Buffer Zones - Should be increased from State recommendations of a minimum 200! from
State Roads to 1 mile from historical and archaeological places.
4. Slopes - Should be at least 7% in the winter months and no more than 15% anywhere.
When the State requirements were established in the 1980's the only places using biosolids were
counties like Isle of Wight and others in the Suffolk area where you would probably not find even a
1% slope.
6. Insurance - Should be the responsibility of the landowners, managers or operators and
should include a liability insurance in the amount of $1 million. Farm and homeowners policies that
contain exempt liability waste pollution clauses should be non-acceptable. (i.e. Farm Bureau
Insurance Company 1987)
7. An impact fee of $500 per farm per each application period should be levied.
Mr. Wingfield also read an article from the Washington Times regarding the dumping of sludge by
the Army Corps of Engineers in the Potomac River. This was the same article read by Mr. Carwile
at the last meeting.
Mr. Carwile commented on Mr. Wingfield’s work in gathering this information and asked if the
County should proceed with strict restrictions at this time or wait until after the VHDA completes
their update in July 2002.
Mr. Wingfield stated that we legally do not have a chance of fighting the EPA. We need to make the
ordinances as tough as possible now and be ready to go to court if needed.
Mr. Carwile quoted from the EPA Office of Inspector General’s Report that the EPA does not have
an effective method to insure that land application practices are protective of human health and the
environment.
Mr. Kendrick thanked Mr. Wingfield for his presentation.
Mr. Carter asked how many applications the County has received for the use of biosolids. He has
copies of five and would like to receive copies of the remaining five applications.
Mr. Kendrick made reference to the amount of literature he had received on the subject of biosolids
and it all basically says that you have to adhere to the State’s regulations. They have made all kinds
of suggestions but they are leaving it up to a local governing body that doesn’t have the resources to
adequately study the issue to make an appropriate decision. I agree with the expansion of these