41
If legislation could be changed on this request, localities could then conscientiously
determine what impact it would have on them.
We have heard our citizens concerns and ask that you review the necessary code
sections and amend the applicable sections to allow us to make the decisions for our
counties, This would allow the necessary information to be available up-front.”
Mr. Overstreet stated that he felt Mr. Armbrust and Mr. Moore needed to acknowledge
the following declaration from the Conflict of Interest of the Code of Virginia, because
they both own fand which may be eligible for Land Use Taxation. Section 2.2-3112.A.2
and 2,2-3115 G — Code of Virginia: “I hereby declare that I have a personal interest in
the transaction of adopting Land Use Taxation in Appomattox County by virtue of my
ownership of real estate in the County which may be eligible for Land Use. Therefore, I
am a member of a group that may be affected by this transaction.”
“I declare that notwithstanding the above, I am able to participate in this transaction
fairly, objectively and in the public interest.”
Mr. Moore and Mr. Armbrust acknowledged this declaration.
Mr. Craft stated he would like to see the farmers get a break and he thinks they need
one. There are still too many unknowns. He can see where five (5) acres would
generate $1,000.00. But what if you have 1,000 acres, you still only have to generate
$1,000.00 income. This is not fair. The laws need to be changed since they have been
changed very little since 1972.
Mr. Armbrust agrees that we need to write to our legislators because there are too
many unknowns. We, in running the county, try to make it fair for all taxpayers. We
need some control to figure out what the unknowns are and make things fair for
everyone,
Mr. Conrad stated that this has certainly been a controversial issue. We have obviously
presented some questions based on what information we have. What we need to do is
find out if or what can be done about the particular issues up for reviewing by the
legislature and ask the question of why or why not. We need to see if this is something
that can be updated to reflect more today than it did when this was first enacted. For
the time being, this is a closed issue.
Mr. Carter stated we can orchestrate a letter of our concerns or wait until the legislative
agendas are sent from each locality to the delegation. What is the Board’s thoughts on
this.
It was the Boards decision to wait on this issue.
Mr, Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA:
10. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Joint Public Hearing on June
18, 2007 re: Amendment to the Telecommunications Facilities Section of the
Zoning Ordinance; Regular Meeting on June 18, 2007; Joint Public Hearing on