339
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomatox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive sessionthis date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisionsof the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1 -344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a certificationby the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive session wasconducted in conformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisorshereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge (i) only public businessmatters lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were
discussed in the executive session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) onlysuch executive matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox CountyBoard of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
At 10:10 P. M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter. Aye.
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it regular meeting on June 19, 2000 at 6:00 P.M.
in the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Jerry Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
Also Present: Andy Carroll - Acting County Administrator
Mr. Moore called the meeting to order at 6:00 P.M. and gave the invocation.
Mr. Moore announced that the Board has a lengthy closed session agenda tonight, plus a Public
Hearing at 7:00 P.M., therefore, the closed session would be moved. After the Planning Commission
finishes its deliberations and the Jury Room is available, the Board will hold closed session and
reconvene if any other business is pending.