414
Russell H. Moore, Chairman
On November 6, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s regular
monthly meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,
Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: _ Jerry Kendrick - Vice Chairman, Appomattox River District
Jesse Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Samuel Carter - Courthouse District
ABSENT: Russell H. Moore, Chairman - Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:00 P. M. Mr. Kendrick called the meeting to order and stated the Board of Supervisors would
be moving to the Clerk’s Office due to the fact that the Circuit Court was still in session.
At 6:20 P.M. reconvened the meeting and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Kendrick called Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer to come before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay introduced Mr. J. P. Morris an Associate Engineer who had been working in the
Appomattox Office. Mr. Morris served as the inspector in charge of the Industrial Access Project.
VDOT on Friday inspected and accepted the access road as complete. It will be few days before the
final cost will be completed. The Route number will be 751. The route marker is not up as yet.
The only other thing Ms. Lindsay had to say was to remind everyone of the Public Hearing on
December 4", 2000 at 6:00 P.M. for the 6 Year Plan, Secondary Improvements, Rural Additions, etc.
Mr. Carwile asked if the access roadway was going to be over the proposed amount. Ms. Lindsay
stated that she did not believe it was over the budgeted amount.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Lindsay for VDOT’s role on the industrial access road.
Mr. Kendrick thanked and excused Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Kendrick then asked Mr. Barry Lyons to come before the Board.
Mr. Lyons came forward and explained the Small Business Development Center’s mission. This is
non-profit corporation dedicated to helping the small businesses in Virginia’s Region 2000. He
explained the programs offered by the SBDC. Mr. Lyons then explained that they basically provide
three services: 1) They have a loan program where they make loans to small businesses; especially
micro loans up to $10,000.00 for equipment, etc., 2) They have a facility known as the incubator.
This is 40 thousand square foot building, where business locate and are helped to become sound
businesses so they can then leave the business center and go out and relocate throughout the region.