620
yet received a definite reply.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to recommend the appointment of Mr. Manley
Ferguson from the Wreck Island District and Ms. Darlene Reed from the Falling River District to serve
on the Board of Equalization. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr.
Moore, aye.
b. Board of Zoning Appeals: Mr. Stidham has informed the Board that two BZA
members term of office will expire on October 31st: Matt Lair and Dale Campbell. Also
Mrs. Elizabeth Edwards, Pamplin Town Council has resigned
Mr. Campbell has expressed a willingness to serve another term which will expire in
2005 but Mr. Lair does not wish to serve for another term.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to recommend appointment
of Mr. Dale Campbell to the Board of Zoning Appeals for a term of four years, expiring in 2005.
VOTE:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
c. Library Board: Ms. Patty Wallace has expressed interest in filling the vacancy on the
Library Board from the Appomattox River District. Mr. Kendrick has approved for
placing this nomination on the agenda.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Ms. Patty Wallace to serve on the
Library Board representing the Appomattox River District. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
6. Draft Legislative Agenda: The Administrative staff has submitted a draft Legislative Agenda
for the Board’s review and serves as a vehicle to gather additional input from the members. The
final agenda will be presented at the November 5" meeting and forwarded to our State legislation
for consideration in the upcoming General Assembly session.
There was some discussion but overall the Board felt the staff had done a very good job.
Te Founders of America Communities: The Board has received information from Caroline
County requesting an endorsement of a resolution exploring the creation of a new tourism
program in Virginia and tie into the 2007 Anniversary of Jamestown.