37
There was no action taken on this petition.
Amendment to Zoning Ordinance/Telecommunications Facility.
Recommendation is to approve this amendment.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. €onrad, to approve the Amendment to the
Zoning Ordinance/Telecommunications Facility. A public hearing was held on June 18",
2007 and there were no comments for or against this amendment. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
3. Memorandum of Understanding with the Virginia _Department_of
Emergency Management Administrative Agency and Appomattox
County. A letter has been received from the Department of Emergency
Management explaining that certain criteria must be met prior to localities
receiving 2006 Homeland Security Grant Program funds. One of the criteria is
that we must enter into a MOU with the State.
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING
BETWEEN THE VIRIGNIA DEPARTMENT OF EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT
State Administrative Agency
AND
APPOMATTOX COUNTY
Background
The Governor has appointed the Virginia Department of Emergency Management (VDEM) as the State Administrative
Agency (SAA) for coordination of the Homeland Security Grant Programs.
Authority
This agreement is authorized under the provision of §§ 44-146.17 and 44-146.18 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as
amended.
Purpose
This Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) is entered into between the SAA and Appomattox County (jurisdiction) to
address the training exercises, interoperability, and planning initiatives identified in the 2006 Homeland Security Grant
Program (2006-GE-T6-0018) awarded to the Commonwealth of Virginia on July 1,2006. While the focus of this effort will
be response to terrorism or threat of terrorism, an all-hazard perspective will be maintained throughout.
Objective
The Commonwealth’s homeland security objective is to protect citizens against the threat of terrorism by detecting,
preparing for, preventing, responding to and recovering from terrorist threats or attacks. In fulfilling the objective of this
MOU, the parties will meet the intent of the Commonwealth’s Homeland Security strategy, and of the applicable local
plans, as well as the homeland security grant requirements. The ultimate objective of this MOU is to satisfy the
Department of Homeland Security requirement for all states to be completely National Incident Management System
(NIMS) compliant to receive Homeland Security grant funds.
The SAA will accomplish the objectives by offering to local units of government in the Commonwealth projects including
but not limited to a statewide exercise contract, the statewide NIMS and terrorism training programs, interoperability
initiatives, and statewide planning efforts. The projects will be undertaken at the state level and delivered to local units
of governments within the Commonwealth.
Points of Contact
Virginia Department of Emergency Management
Cheryl Adkins
10501 Trade Court
Richmond, VA 23236
(804) 897-6500 ext. 6597
Local Government Contact