331
Mrs. Ferguson suggested that the Board meet together first and then set a date to meet with the
School Board because the School Board has to be given an opportunity to advertise its meetings.
The Board will meet again on Thursday, June 8" at 6:00 p.m. A Joint Session with the School Board
will be held on June 22, 2000 at 6:00 P.M. at the School Board Administration Board Room.
Under Supervisors Concerns, Mr. Carter reported on the Citizens Forum. They have elected new
officers for this coming year and are continuing with their three main activity groups. Input has been
good.
Mr. Moore then explained that an executive session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7
-legal issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1-personnel matter.
At 6:40 P. M.. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into closed session to
discuss a personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On Mr. Carter a motion at 8:02 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive session this
date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a certification by
the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive session was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
executive session to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive
matters were heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Moore then called Mr. Hal Craddock, Craddock Cunningham Architectural Partners to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Craddock informed the Board that he has contacted Judge Blanton and they are trying to set a
date and time to meet and discuss the Courthouse situation. Mr. Craddock described two (2)
strategies he has laid out to present to Judge Blanton.