20/
Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore stated that the library had also received $5,000.00 matching grant from the Library of
Virginia. Mr. Moore explained that with the $5,000.00 match the total grant would be $10,000.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appropriate the $5,000 to the library to
match the grant. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr, Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that Ms. Cindy Smith was requesting an additional $96.12 from the
Board of Supervisors to pay for one-third of the cost to hold the Community of Candles event.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appropriate $96.12 for the Community of
Candles. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr, Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next stated that the Board needed to appropriate the $19,328.02 to Country Haven
Estates Homeowners Association for over payment on a rural addition as explained by Ms.
Lindsay. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appropriate the $19,328.02 to
Country Haven Estates Homeowners Association. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then stated that the School Board was requesting $410,000.00 to pay for architects
fees through June 30, 2000 for the elementary school. Mr. Carroll stated that if the Board was
going to appropriate these funds tonight, but intended to finance these services through any form
of debt service that the Board would need to pass resolution stated this and refer back to the
resolution on subsequent appropriations. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board should
appropriate these funds on a monthly basis as needed instead of as a lump sum. Mr. Kendrick
agreed with Mr. Carwile that this was the appropriate way to handle the appropriation because he
had some concerns with the overall cost projections for a new school. Mr. Moore stated that he
had no problem with monthly appropriations.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the following resolution be passed by
the Board :
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has determined to build a new
elementary school, and
Whereas, the Board has also instructed the Appomattox County School Board to acquire the
services of an architectural firm to design and prepare bid documents for the construction of the
new elementary school.
Therefore Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors expects that monies
spent on the new elementary school project will be financed from debt proceeds.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Kendrick then made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board appropriate $90,000 to