218
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that the Community Center policy
be upheld.
Mr. Moore then presented the bids for the addition to the Sheriff's Office and explained that the
low bid was received from J. E. Sears in the amount of $277,410.00.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to accept the bid for the Sheriff's Office
addition from J. E. Sears in the amount of $277,410.00. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that at the previous meeting the Board had agreed to make a decision
on the Courthouse project at this meeting. Mr. Moore explained that Mrs. Ferguson had been
unable to talk to Judge Blanton prior to the Board Book being completed about whether a
referendum was required for moving the Courthouse across the street. Mr. Moore asked if
anyone wished to make comments on this matter?
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chairman and asked Mr. Puckett, County Attorney, for an opinion on
the issue of whether a referendum was necessary in order to move the Courthouse across the
street. Mr. Carwile continued that he felt this issue could have some bearing on the decision that
the members of the Board had to make. Mr. Carwile again asked Mr. Puckett for his opinion on
this issue.
Mr. Puckett began that with regards to whether you have to have a referendum vote he had
spoken to Judge Blanton and our local Delegate in the House of Delegates and that he had one
Attorney General’s opinion that he had received where this issue had come up once before. Mr.
Puckett stated that he has contacted the Attorney General’s office for further clarification. Mr.
Puckett continued that the issue of whether or not you have to have a referendum to relocate the
Courthouse all goes back to whether you relocate to what is classified as contigious property.
Mr. Puckett explained that there were a couple of definitions of contigious. Mr. Puckett
explained that one definition was that it actually physically touches the property from which you
are locating from to the one that you relocate to. Mr. Puckett explained that the other definition
was “nearby”. Mr. Puckett continued in the one Attorney General’s opinion that he had secured,
in that case, as he understands the facts, that particular jurisdiction was attempting to relocate
their Courthouse to another piece of property that was physically separated by several lots which
were not owned by the County. Mr. Puckett continued that in our particular case it would appear
to him, at least on the surface, that the property that the County owns across the road is a part of
what we call our government complex. Mr. Puckett continued by explaining that we had
Courthouse Square on this side of Court Street, a public right-of-way, and the Department of
Social Services and the School Board building directly across from it and then we have the big
field as a part of that land. Mr. Puckett explained that as he sees it the only thing that is dividing
our land and the Government complex is a public right-of-way, which is Court Street. Mr.
Puckett continued that with that in mind that land could in fact be deemed to be contigious. Mr.
Puckett stated that it is nearby and the only thing that separated it is Court Street and with that in
mind it appears to him that we could probably proceed without a referendum.