100
Mr. Moore began that he was not a speaker but he would like to say up front that he
would have to listen to the people. Mr. Moore continued that outside of teachers ninety
percent of the people who had contacted him were for renovation. Mr. Moore continued
by listing some of the problems that he been mentioned to him with the present facility
and explained how each of these could be corrected with renovation. In closing Mr.
Moore stated that he would have to represent the people in his area and the rest of the
County and vote for renovation.
Mr. Carter began by thanking the members of the site committee for their time and effort
in reviewing all the sites. Mr. Carter then thanked the citizens for their input. Mr. Carter
stated that the children should come first. Mr. Carter continued that the figures showed
that renovation was just as costly as new construction and with no plans and no real
figures you had to trust the estimates that had been provided. Mr. Carter also stated that
he felt this decision needed to be made and that he could not absorb anymore facts
concerning this matter. In closing Mr. Carter praised Blair Smith and Earl Dickerson for
all the work they had done with this project. Mr. Carter stated that the telephone calls
that he had received from the Courthouse District were asking him to vote for a new
school.
Mr. Bosiger began by thanking everyone for his or her calls and letters concerning this
most difficult decision. Mr. Bosiger continued that this was not a clear-cut issue and that
both sides of the issue made very good points. Mr. Bosiger stated that as he saw it there
were three problems that the Board had to consider in making this decision. Number one
was the use of the old school if a new school were built. Mr. Bosiger continued that he
had met with a group of citizens who were prepared with a plan and private money to
begin a project to use the old school for worthwhile purposes. The second issue was the
cost of the project. Mr. Bosiger explained that he had read in the newspaper that
Campbell County had recently built a 750-student school for less than what the projected
cost was for our 600-student school. Mr. Bosiger felt that if the Board were willing to
place a cap on the new school he could live with that. Third Mr. Bosiger stated that
traffic was a problem. In closing Mr. Bosiger stated that if the Board could address these
issues he could support a new school.
Discussion followed concerning the cap that would be placed on new construction.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to build a new
elementary school on a new site with a proposed cap of nine million dollars.
Mr. Carwile stated that if the Board were going in this direction then they should
consider the needs assessment and look to the future. Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the
Board should look into constructing an 800-student school to meet the future needs at the
Primary School.
Mr. Torrence stated that there had been a world of uses proposed for the present
elementary school. Mr. Torrence continued that he did not feel placing a cap on the
funding for the new elementary school would hurt the project.