257
Mr. Carwile also stated since the decision had been made to build a new courthouse, that the County
Administrator be directed to notify Craddock-Cunningham to proceed with the new plans and get
back to the Board as soon as possible.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that the AIA documents from Craddock-Cunningham had been delivered to
her office around 4:50 P.M. today along with a schedule for completion of the courthouse project
for the Board’s approval
Mr. Moore stated that this brought up another subject, that of the suit that had been filed concerning
the courthouse. Mr. Moore continued that two (2) suits had been filed against the Board since the
first of the year and never before in the history of the County had he known of the Board being sued.
Mr. Moore stated he felt the Board should put the courthouse project before the people in the form
of a referendum as that appeared to be what the people wanted.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the pros and cons of whether or not the placing of the
courthouse across the street was contiguous to the present site.
Mr. Carwile made a motion that since the decision had been made to build a new courthouse that the
Board proceed with the AIA documents and sign documents to proceed with new courthouse. Mr.
Kendrick made a second. VOTE: Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile revised his motion to include acceptance of the AIA documents and time line.
Seconded by Mr. Hancock.
Lengthy discussion followed.
Mr. Moore called for a vote on the revised motion. VOTE: Mr. Moore, nay; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Carwile stated he had several other concerns but would pass for now.
Mr. Moore called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Moore asked Mr. Earl Dickerson with Hurt & Proffitt to appear before the Board.
Mr. Moore explained to Mr. Dickerson that several Board members had questions regarding Hurt
& Proffitt bills presented for payment.
Mr. Carwile asked what the design cost for the baler?