674
not cost the County any money. The CPAA will help renovate the building, help
preserve the building and the museum will fit in with the other historical aspects of the
Civil War and the County.
Ray Servis: Mr. Servis began by stating that he was appearing as a private citizen. He
appreciates all the hard work that has been done to improve our community, our
county, as an attraction for tourism. He feels if we start out with a completely
unemotional view of the request for the museum, we can see that it will be a great
asset to the community. He is in favor of leasing this portion of the building to the
CPAA.
Eulantha “Jimmy” Drinkard: Mr. Drinkard stated he seconds and supports
everything that has been said. If it had not been for Mrs. Mozella Price, others like Mrs.
Harry James and a lot of other fine citizens in Appomattox County, we would not have
the fine school that was the Carver Price High School. He is fully in favor of leasing
what they want and what they need to make this museum a facility that people will
enjoy and look at. People came from Prince Edward County to attend this school.
Ms. Lilly M. Lewis Adams: Ms. Adams is an alumni of Carver Price High School and a
present tax payer in Appomattox County. She spoke with great interest in what it
meant to her growing up and graduating from the Carver Price High School. She shares
the Alumni Associations enthusiasm in sharing the Legacy Museum with all people and
will encourage everyone to visit and support this project. We truly want to be ONE
NATION UNDER GOD.
Milton Chambers- President of the Appomattox County Assembly, Inc. : Mr.
Chambers is here to give his full support to the CPAA in leasing this facility to house the
Legacy Museum. After everything that has been heard tonight, he asks the Board to
consider the request of the CPAA and do what is best for the County.
Ms. Edith McCormick, Spout Spring: Ms. McCormick stated she did not know this
was coming up tonight, she thought it was a closed deal. She knows and has worked
with many of people who attended school at Carver Price and she loves everyone of
them. She agrees with everything that has been said here tonight, that the County
needs this museum.
Earl Pickett: Mr. Pickett stated he was on the original committee to build the new
school and to rename this entire building the Carver Price Educational Center. This is
just the first part and is not costing the County anything and he thinks the County
should lease this portion of the building for as long as they need it. He has been in
favor of this from the very beginning, when he was a member of the School Board.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak.
Having no one come forward, Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at 6:35 P.M.
Simul2. Cot
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman