179
WHEREAS, Virginia is losing these irreplaceable resources to competing land uses at an alarming
rate; and
WHEREAS, conserving these resources is critical to Virginia’s economy and the health and well
being of her citizens; and
WHEREAS, establishing a balance between the conservation of open space/natural resource lands
and residential and/or commercial development is essential to the quality of life and sound fiscal
health of Amherst, Appomattox, and Campbell Counties and the City of Lynchburg, and
WHEREAS, Virginia currently does not have a stable and adequate source of funds to secure the
long term conservation and protection of these lands and resources, and
WHEREAS, the General Assembly has established the Virginia Land Conservation Foundation
with authority to expend for the conservation of farmland, historic sites, natural areas, and open
space; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Land Conservation Foundation is the appropriate mechanism for
receiving and expending funds from a dedicated state funding source for land conservation;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
strongly supports the establishment of a dedicated state source of funding to carry out the mission
of the Virginia Land Conservation Foundation; and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors hereby calls upon the Governor and the General
Assembly to dedicate such a stable and adequate funding source beginning in the year 2000.
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Andy Carroll, Assistant County Administrator to come forward
and give a report on the landfill operation.
Mr. Carroll explained that there were several ongoing issues involving the landfill that he felt he
wanted to keep the Board up to date on.
Mr. Carroll explained that the first issue was the inspection made by D.E.Q. on November 17,
1999. Mr. Carroll explained that he had written to the Department of Environmental Quality
explaining concerns that were noted in a letter dated December 9, 1999. Mr. Carroll noted that
his answer was enclosed for the Board to review at their leisure.
Mr. Carroll then explained that the second issue that he wished to address was “1205 landfills”.
Mr. Carroll continued that there were efforts being made by some to close 1205 landfills. Mr.
Carroll continued that Mr. Dickerson, the landfill’s engineer, had suggested that the Board ask
Del. Abbitt to introduce legislation to exempt the County landfill from any legislative or
regulatory moves that might lead to its premature closure.
Mr. Carroll next informed the Board that financial assurance continues to be an immediate