374
Mr. Moore invited Danny Heath, Nesbe Cable to appear before the Board.
Mr. Carter had several questions for Mr. Heath regarding the cable system and service in the County,
especially the fiber optics upgrade that they proposed some time ago. Mr. Heath stated that this
project was just getting started because of some budget restraints. Hopefully this upgrade will be
done sometime within the next year.
Mr. Carter also questioned the problem of distorted pictures and just poor service and a lack of
concern on the part of company representatives when you call with a problem. Mr. Heath informed
Mr. Carter that he was not aware of any of these problems existing. He will check on this and try
to correct them as soon as possible.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Heath.
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisor’s Concerns.
Mr. Carwile asked if the Eternal Flame was covered in this year’s budget.
Mr. Carroll will check to see if this is specifically stated as a line item.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to supplement $1,000 to cover the expense of
the Eternal Flame if this is not already in the FY2001 Budget. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile also discussed the Index cover regarding the Budget page numbers, etc.
Mr. Carroll will take care of this.
Mr. Kendrick requested that the Board draw up a Legislative package of our concerns that we could
have our local representative present at the next General Assembly session regarding financial
concerns, and what kinds of relief we can get. He asked the other Board Members to write up
anything they may have on this matter. Maybe we could send this on to Mr. Virgil Goode as well.
Mr. Moore then explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 -
legal issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matter.
At 7:36 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:32 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carwile it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.