Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore then turned the meeting over to Ms. Lindsay to discuss the Six-Year Plan.
Mr. Austin began a discussion of the Six-Year Plan and an explanation of the process. Mr. Austin
and Ms. Lindsay handed out a proposal.
Unpaved roads must have a traffic count of at least 50 vehicles a day to be considered for paving
these roads. Appomattox County is allocated a certain amount of money for each year in the Six-
Year Plan.
Monies allocated for unpaved roads (construction) cannot be use for any other projects.
Mr. Austin explained the Six-Year Plan project by project and how the priority works.
Ms. Lindsay discussed the General Assembly mandate for E911 to be implemented by 2003. This
will come from revenue sharing money- 50/50 match. Appomattox County will have an estimated
cost of $200,000 for signage. VDOT will still use Route Numbers, but the E911 will require the
County to have street names. All roads, both state and private will be required to have a name. Only
State road signs will be paid for by VDOT. Private road will have to be paid for by the County from
General Funds.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding E911 in relation to the Six-Year Plan and possible other
funding for the E911. If the E911 plan is in place before June 2001, then the Six-Year Plan can be
changed and the Route 608 project pushed back and the E911 system takes its place.
Mr. Austin completed going over the Six-Year Plan and began going over the unfunded paved road
improvement list. There was some discussion on the unfunded roads.
Mr. Austin next began reviewing the unpaved roads and the construction for the project. There was
some discussion on Route 652. Lengthy discussion followed.
The County will receive a finalized Six-Year Plan at the Mid-November meeting and a public
hearing can be scheduled for the December meeting.
Mr. Austin provided the Board Members with a copy of the new traffic counts for the County
(including primary and secondary roads).
Discussion followed.
At 8:30 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adjourn the meeting.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.