215
deputy from this department because of cuts. Ms. Ferguson stated that the Town has no
intentions of giving more than what the state gives them for this position.
Ms. Ferguson stated that this is another classic example of what is happening. Funds are
being reduced and the Town states that they are not putting any more money into this
because it is up to the Sheriff to provide protection to the Town without them paying
additional money.
Ms. Ferguson presented the budget for School Resource Officers. Ms. Ferguson stated
that this is no longer a grant this department is totally funded by the County.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if the Board is considering cutting out any positions from the
Sheriffs department that Wilson needs to know this ahead of time.
Mr. Tanner and Mr. Conrad stated that maybe the Board needs to meet with Wilson and
make him aware of the Board concerns. Ms. Ferguson also stated that she would talk
with Wilson and let him know the concerns which would allow him to go and speak with
the Town regarding the concems and how it is going to affect them and the Sheriffs
department.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Dare program should be cut back to $2000 since the budgeted
money has not been spent in the past two years.
There was discussion of the Fire Department budget and what is actually being paid from
this budget.
Mr. Tanner stated that he would like the Board to consider for the future more of a
donation to the fire departments in our area, Mr. Tanner states that he works with some
of the volunteers from the different agencies and they feel left out and stated that the two
thousand dollars that the County donates is very little considering the valuable service
that these departments provide.
Mr. Ferguson stated that the Rescue Squad budget has pretty much stayed the same
except for the four for life fund which has increased. Ms. Ferguson stated that Pamplin
Fire Department has their EMS vehicle on the County’s insurance policy. Ms. Ferguson
explained that the Appomattox County Rescue Squad was offered the same option years
ago and the organization chose not to have their vehicles on the County’s insurance
policy. Ms. Ferguson stated that is the reason for the County donating $10,000 towards
their budget.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the reason for an increase in the jails budget is due to purchase
services, which is a gamble you cannot be sure of what the cost and also with the food
services. You can remove money from these areas, but more than likely you will end up
having to put it back in the budget before the end of the fiscal year.