143
4. Appomattox County Habitat for Humanity: The Appomattox County
Habitat for Humanity is requesting that the Board waive the building permit fees
for their next project.
Staff recommends waiving the fee as you have done in the past.
Discussion centered around the fact that we have waived the building fee on Habitat
projects in the past.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to waive the building permit fee for
the Habitat for Humanity House #7 as requested. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Dean Thompson, Chairman of the Historic Appomattox Railroad
Festival: Dean Thompson, Chairman of the Historic Appomattox Railroad
Festival Board has contacted Ms. Ferguson expressing his appreciation for the
Board's cooperation and support during the festival. He stated that the vendors
were telling him that they did as much business on Saturday this year as they did
in both days in previous years. Mr. Thompson also noted that Courtland Field
was uneven and really needed a lot of dirt brought in to fill low areas. He
continued that he frequently has dirt left from jobs that he would be happy to
dump in Courtland Field if the County would purchase the seed, etc. to help level
this area.
Staff recommends considering Mr. Thompson's generous offer.
After discussion on the condition of the Courtland Field, the Board, by consensus elected
to table this matter until a future date. Several Board Members expressed an interest
to walk over the field to gain more knowledge of the situation.
6. Holiday Lake 4-H Educational Center, Inc.: A letter has been received
from the Holiday Lake 4-H Educational Center Board of Directors requesting
financial support to establish a maintenance fund to care for buildings at the
center. The Board is making this same request of each of the 17 counties that
presently use the facility. They are requesting a donation in the amount of
$10,000.00
Staff recommends approving this request and making a donation to support this
fund. If you approve the request a line item transfer from 1101-5804 (Operating
Reserve to 7109-5620 (4-H Educational Center) in the amount of $10,000.00 is
enclosed for approval.
Mr. Ronnie Spiggle spoke on behalf of the 4-H Educational Center, saying that the
money would be used for maintenance. He also reminded the Board of the valuable
programs the 4-H Center offers and that it was an asset to tourism.