667
In 2003 the General Assembly decided to allow the localities to decide the classifications
as well as designations.
V. SECTION 58.1-3651 CODE OF VIRGINIA:
A. After 1-1-03 Exemptions from Local Government
B. “Nothing in this section or any ordinance adopted pursuant to this
section shall affect the validity of either a classification exemption or a
designation exemption granted by the General Assembly prior to 1-1-
03”.
Cc. Before granting exemption by designation, public hearing after notice
(including assessed value) then consider:
1. Sec. 501 © IRC exemption
2. Alcohol license
3. Salaries reasonable
4. Earning benefit individual
5. Serve common good
6. Propaganda
7. Revenue impact on county
8. Other pertinent factors
Section B has been interpreted differently by various Commissioners of Revenue and
County Attorneys. It is Mr. Overstreet’s interpretation that those prior exemptions still
hold. He wonders if we have to do anything at all. It is his opinion that these
exemptions, post 1971, and pre 1971 continue on today. If you want to keep those
exemptions granted by the Constitution or General Assembly, then we do not need to do
anything. If you wish to exempt by designation, they now come before you and you
have a public hearing to determine if they are: 501 © IRC exemption, etc.
You may wish to adopt an ordinance similar to Albemarle County emphasizing what the
Code of Virginia already has in place.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to hold a
Public Hearing on December 20, 2004 at 6:00 p.m. to adopt an ordinance regarding the
Request for Tax Exemption Status for Non-Profit Organizations. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
2. Speed Limit on 460 Bypass: The Legislature has passed legislation raising
the speed limit on the 460 Bypass to 65 miles per hour. Mayor Spiggle has
inquired as to the opinion of the Board on this proposed change. If you oppose
this change, he would like a letter supporting that position to present to VDOT.
The Board by consensus will write a letter of opposition to the raising of the speed limit
on the Route 460 Bypass to 65 miles per hour.
3. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has
made the following recommendations from the October 18, 2004 public hearing:
#04-537 - Deryle S. Cooper: The applicant is requesting a Conditional Use
Permit to operate a firearms transfer business, with no inventory, on Route 613