164
leave not needing to see anyone. Mr. Wingate stated that an appointment is not
necessary. They will not turn anyone away within reason.
Mr. Wingate also stated that they have re-mailed over 400 assessments. They are
working with the Commissioner of Revenue to get the correct addresses. Also, please let
everyone know that if you have not received your notice, come to the Community Center
and they can look things up for you.
Chairman Craft asked if there would be a make-up date. Mr. Wingate stated that he
would see how the calls come in and they would try to do all that they can. It is very
possible that some people will not get their assessment at all due to not having a correct
911 address.
Mr. Wingate stated that the board needed to appoint an Equalization Board of at least
three members and no more than five members. With three members you will need
someone who has expertise in appraisals, banking, assessment, background expertise. If
you have five members you will need two with this expertise. Also, they will need to be
appointed and have training.
Mr. Wingate stated again that they would do what they can to help those who have not
reccived their assessments but according to code you mail to the most recent address in
records. If those who missed the opportunity to come to the Community Center they
would always be able to schedule an appointment with the Board of Equalization.
Mr. Wingate stated that you can set two dates. The limit for applications for Board
Equalization can not be less than 30 days after they finish their hearings, and you can set
the time that they will have to have applications in. Some boards of equalizations require
applications in writing, but some just require getting their name and send out
appointments and that is their application.
Mr. Overstreet stated that our ordinance is just setting up a deadline for applications that
should be in no later than March to be heard by May.
Mr. Carter made a motion to schedule a public hearing at 6:00 p.m. on February 4, 2008
to hear public comment on enacting an ordinance establishing May 15, 2008 as the end of
the term for the Board of Equalization. Mr. Tanner seconded Mr. Carters motion. Vote:
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye :Mr. Tanner, aye.
Next item of discussion will be to appoint the Board of Equalization. The Board will
need to appoint one person for each of the districts, but two of the appointments must be
appointed according to Virginia Code Section 58.1-3374. “Chairman Craft feels that he
would be able to appoint a member with the needed financial background. Mr. Conrad,
Mr. Carter, and Mr. Tanner have someone who is interested in serving on this board, but
they would not have the requirements as listed in this code section.