333
facility on part of Tax Map #29-1-22. Property is zoned A-1 and is located on Route 616 between
Route 608 and Route 684. Planning Commission recommended approval.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approval Petition 00-427 to GTE South Inc.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Petition 00-428 - John Masserini - Conditional Use Permit to construct 150'x 40' building for
sporting goods store and four rental stores or offices for retail sales. Property is Lot 1B in the
Concord Business Park (part of Tax Map #60-A-53) and is zoned B-1, located on Route 460 between
Route 667 and Route 669. Planning Commission recommended approval.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve Petition 00-428 to John Masserini
to construct sporting goods and retail rental sales space on Lot 1B - Concord Business Park VOTE:
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr Carter, aye.
The Board also instructed Mrs. Ferguson to ask the Planning Commission to consider limiting the
number of times an application can be withdrawn.
Mrs. Ferguson stated the Lynchburg Department of Housing and Community Development has
written the Board concerning the Indoor Plumbing/Rehabilitation Program administration. Do you
wish to allow Lyn-Cag to continue handling this fund.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow Lyn-Cag to continue administering
the Indoor Plumbing/Rehabilitation Program funds for the upcoming year. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Regional Renaissance Board of Directors needs a replacement for Mr. House. Mrs. Ferguson
was instructed to write a letter to Mr. House. The Board postponed this appointment to the next
regular meeting.
Mr. Berkley Cabiness’ term on the Library Board will expire June 30, 2000 and he is ineligible to
be reappointed. Need an appointee from the Wreck Island District for the Library Board.
The Board of Assessors needs to be appointed. Need one appointee from each of the Magisterial
Districts. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to appoint Mr. Cliff Rhodenizer, R.
Clayton Martin and Bobby Mitchell as the Board of Assessors at a pay rate of $70 per day with an
anticipated work time of one day per week until the end of the reassessment. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Sheriff's Department is requesting Supplemental Appropriations in the amounts of $72.84 for
reimbursement received for transportation and $1,293.08 from the IDA Bond Fund to pay Craddock-
Cunningham for architectural Services on the Sheriff’s Project.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appropriate $72.84 to the Sheriffs