203
Wingfield asked the Board to consider a $50,000 contribution to the center in the next budget
and stated that this was only a portion of the total $229,000 budget for the center. Ms. Wingfield
explained that this figure included in-kind contributions made by the Barnes’ and other items as
described within the budget. Ms. Wingfield handed Mr. Moore a copy of the proposal for
consideration.
Mr. Barnes then spoke about the different kinds of assistance that he had given to both residents
of Appomattox County and others from outside the area. Mr. Barnes also stated that the center
had received numerous referrals from the Sheriff's office and the Department of Social Services.
Mr. Barnes again asked for the Board to place the center’s request into the budget.
Mr. Carwile then asked Mr. Barnes if it was true that in the center’s infancy, it had been of great
assistance to those victims of the hurricane and flooding in North Carolina? Mr. Barnes stated
that this was indeed true. Mr. Barnes continued to say that the center had accommodated five
families as a result of Hurricane Floyd. Mr. Barnes stated that the center had just begun to
advertise its services in the local paper. Mr. Barnes continued that there had been a lot of
demand for the services of the center and that Appomattox was steadily growing and would
require even more of the center’s services.
Mr. Carwile stated that he also understood that Mr. Barnes had met with the Appomattox
Association, an association of 27 churches in the County. Mr. Carwile asked how Mr. Barnes
was received by this group? Mr. Barnes stated that the association was very strongly behind the
center and they too were planning to give assistance to the center. Mr. Barnes also stated that
they were trying to get the whole community involved.
Mr. Carwile also stated that he had understood that Mr. Barnes had been well received by some
of the officials in Appomattox County. Mr. Barnes stated that he had letters of support from the
Department of Social Services, Judge Kerr, and Sheriff Staples. Mr. Carwile addressed Ms.
Wingfield and stated that it was his understanding that the application was underway for tax
exempt status. Mr. Carwile asked Ms. Wingfield if it was critical that the center get support so
that it could continue to meet the need. Mr. Carwile stated that he had seen first hand the work
that was being done at the center. Ms. Wingfield stated that the center was already tax-exempt
because of its no-profit status, but that there were more rigorous criteria which was the 501(C)3
status. Ms. Wingfield stated that this was an involved process that usually would cost in excess
of $3,000, but that she was performing the work at no charge because she believed in what the
Barnes’ were doing. She also explained that there was a $500 filing fee and that there were still
large monthly budgetary requirements for the operation of the center.
Mr. Moore asked Mr. Barnes’ about the five families that had come from North Carolina and
how they found out about the center. Mr. Barnes’ explained that three of the five families they
helped had come to Appomattox to stay with a relative, but that the relative did not have enough
room for them all so they had come to the motel. All five of the families had traveled from North
Carolina together. Mr. Barnes continues that two of the families had relocated here because they
had lost their homes.