686
Mr.Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to accept the proposal from Wiley &
Wilson for architectural services for the E-911 Call Center. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Carter next call for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-17)
1. Old Oakville School: Action needs to be taken on the disposal of the old
school building and to allow the sale of the property at the appropriate time. A
public hearing was held and comments were received. There was no opposition
to this proposal. County Administrator is working with the landfill on installing a
new entrance to the dumpster site and about the demolition of the old building.
After some discussion, Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to
proceed with the plant to dispose of the old Oakville School building and allow for the
sale of the property at the appropriate time. Motion also included the installing of a new
entrance to the dumpster site. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Contract with Verizon: Staff has recommended that the County enter into a
contract with the Commonwealth of Virginia and Verizon that will allow
Appomattox County to receive state-negotiated rates on certain Verizon services.
The contract will require a 36 month commitment on the part of the County, but
should significantly reduce our monthly Verizon bill.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust for the
County to enter into a contract with the Commonwealth of Virginia and Verizon to allow
the County to receive state-negotiated rates on certain Verizon services. ROLL CALL
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Planning Commission Recommendation on Petition #04-537 — Deryle
S. Cooper: Mr. Cooper is requesting a Conditional Use Permit to operate a
firearms transfer business with no inventory on Route 613 between Route 460
and Route 659. Property is Tax Map #63(A) 8 containing 1.91 acres and is
Zoned R-1 Residential. Planning Commission voted to deny this request on
October 18, 2004.
This matter was tabled from a previous meeting in order to research what has
been done in the past. A similar request, petition 98-338 was disapproved by
the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to deny Petition #04-537 —- Deryle S.
Cooper to operate a firearms transfer business on Route 613 between Route 460 and
Route 659, Tax Map #63(A) 8 and is zoned R-1 Residential. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 7:32 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a recess until after the Public Hearing on Tax Exempt
Ordinance.