192
Mr. Martin feels that his other calves were not killed due to Mr. Martin and Mr. Hackett
being able to get rid of the dogs.
Mr. Martin stated that he came here tonight for one reason for the Board to pay him what
he ask for and if you can’t do that he was returning the check that was previously sent to
him.
Mr. Martin stated that his loss would be $3500 when summer comes and he sells calves.
Each calf would have brought him about $500.
Mr. Martin stated that there is still one dog left, but it is on someone else’s property. They
have warned this land owner.
Mr. Martin thanked the Board for their time.
Chairman Craft explained that the payment was for the one calf that was actually seen by
Animal Warden. Chairman Craft explained that if the Board felt that coyotes killed his
calves, no payment would have been made.
Mr. Martin stated that there is no coyote problem in this area and he lost six calves, only
ask the Board to pay for four of them and he felt this was fair. Mr. Martin stated that he
has been farming since 1958 and never lost this many calves. He feels confident that the
calves were killed by dogs.
Mr. Conrad questioned Mr. Martin about not having evidence of any calves other than the
one that was seen by Animal Control. Mr. Martin stated that there was no evidence
because the dogs were eating the evidence. Mr. Martin stated that he did not even realize
he had a dog problem until after he had lost three animals.
Chairman Craft next addressed the informational items.
Chairman Craft next explained the Citizen Input Survey that the Planning Commission
has put together. Chairman Craft explained that we are gleaning for information and may
receive some constructive criticism also.
Chairman Craft called for any discussion on the VDOT Chapter 527 Information. Ms.
Ferguson stated that she planned to attend the March 19" Session in Lynchburg.
Chairman Craft next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Conrad stated that he would like to address some concerns regarding the Planning
Commission. He feels that these 10 people should be representing the entire County.
However, he feels a fair amount of this committee are basically concerned with issues
that concern the Town itself and as a result of this a lot of the planning that is done is
centered around what the Town thinks is best for it and not County. Mr. Conrad feels a
lot of changes are going on in the County and he feels the Board should look are reducing