445
Winfred Nash
Walter Hancock
Laura Harris
Floyd Williams
ALSO PRESENT: = Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
Dan Siegel - County Attorney
Vicky Phelps - County Administration Office
Walter Krug - School Superintendent
Billy Perrow - School Administration Office
Brenda Goin - School Administration Office
At 6:02 P.M. Mr. Moore called the Board of Supervisors’s Meeting to order and asked Mr. Hancock
to give the invocation.
At 6:03 P.M. The School Board opened it’s meeting. The I. D. A. Commission also opened it’s
meeting.
Mr. Moore turned the meeting over to Mr. Daniel Siegel of Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller.
Mr. Siegel stated the purpose of the joint meeting was to pass the necessary resolutions to perform
the interim financing for the elementary school project. This is done in compliance with Virginia
Law. Mr. Siegel passed out the resolutions for the various boards to review. He explained the Bank
Qualified role and the Small Issues exemption.
On a motion by Mr. Mitchell seconded by Mr. Selz, the School Board approved the resolution to
perform the interim financing for the elementary school project. VOTE: Mr.Pickett, aye; Mr.
Mitchell, aye; Mr. Rhodenizer, aye; Mrs. Paney, aye; and Mr. Selz, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board of Supervisors approved the
resolution to perform the interim financing for the elementary school project; VOTE: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Williams seconded by Mr. Turner the Industrial Development Authority
approved the resolution to perform the interim financing for the elementary school project. VOTE:
Mr. Slagle, aye; Mr. Turner, aye; Mr. Robinson, aye; Mr. Nash, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Ms. Harris,
aye; and Mr. Williams, aye.
At 6:15 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Williams seconded by Mr. Turner the Industrial Development
Authority voted to adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Robinson, aye; Mr. Slagle, aye; Mr. Turner, aye; Mr. Nash,
aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Ms. Harris, aye; and Mr. Williams, aye.
At 6:17 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Self seconded by Mr. Mitchell the School Board voted to adjourn.
VOTE: Mr. Pickett, aye; Mr. Mitchell, aye; Ms Pankey, aye; Mr. Rhodenizer, aye; and Mr. Selz, aye.