198
Mr. Tanner questioned the schools need for the 53 passenger bus to carry ten children.
Mr. Carter questions the new busses and if they are able to get them into the bus shopwithout difficulties. Mr. Conrad stated that they are able to fit them in the shop forrepairs,
Mr. Conrad stated that the bus shop has several good mechanics and no matter the age ofthe buses he feels they are very safe and kept in good condition.
Mr. Conrad continued that the biggest problem with the bus shop is when a bus is in thebay there is no room to move around the bus.
Mr. Carter questioned what the Rivermont bus is that was referred to in the joint meetingwith the School Board. Ms. Ferguson explained that this bus takes the children to thePride Center for behavioral problems. Mr. Conrad stated that this bus does need someoneother than the driver with the type of children you are transporting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that if anyone on the Board should have any budget questions
outside of the budget meetings, she would be glad to answer.
Ms. Ferguson stated she had an action item from the Sheriffs Department.
Ms. Ferguson explained that the Sheriffs Department has asked for an appropriation fromthe asset forfeiture account in the amount of $5000 to pay Tracy Bolling Inc. for thepurchase of a passive nature narcotics canine.
Ms. Ferguson stated that a motion is needed to supplement this money.
Mr. Tanner made a motion to supplement the $5000 from the Asset Forfeiture Account topay for a narcotic canine. Mr. Conrad seconded the motion, Chairman Craft called for aroll call vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Tanner, aye; Mr.Craft, aye.
Chairman Craft thanked Ms. Henderson for being at the budget meeting tonight and alsofor providing the Board with the revenue projections.
Mr. Conrad stated that the Board has a lot of work to do on this budget and asked if theBoard may need to schedule another meeting.
Ms. Ferguson stated that the Treasurer and Commissioner of Revenue need the taxinformation as soon as possible.
Ms. Ferguson stated that she will put the budget on the agenda for Monday night’sregular scheduled meeting as the last item for discussion.