098
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for action from the executive session.
Hearing none, at 7:00 P.M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adjourn. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
XN
K
GARET K. BOSIGER, CHALRMAN
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
September 20, 1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the Auditorium of Appomattox County High School,
Route 727, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter —- Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order and delivered the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the minutes of the regular
meetings of August 2, 1999 and August 16, 1999, the recessed meetings of August 10,
1999, and August 16, 1999, and a public hearing of August 16, 1999 as presented. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented the bills for September 20, 1999 for approval.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the bills for September
20, 1999 as presented. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the first item under Administrative Items was the
decision on the elementary school. Mr. Bosiger continued that each Supervisor would be
allowed five minutes for comment and then the Chair would entertain a motion.
Mr. Carwile asked if each Supervisor could have several minutes of rebuttal?
/