024
. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented information from Craddock Cunningham Architectural
Partners for Architectural and Engineering Costs associated with the proposed
Courthouse renovation and addition and the proposed Sheriff's Department addition.
Discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve
Craddock Cunningham’s costs for architectural and engineering services for the Sheriff's
Office addition of $18,000.00 through construction. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there several fund balances that were required by law to
be carried over to FY2000.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to carry the following fund balances
over to FY2000:
Courthouse Maintenance Fund
Library Fund
Ballpark Fund
CSA Administrative Fund
Law Library Fund
Sports Complex Fund
And unspent Lottery funds for the Schools in the amount of $335,695.00.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that VML/VACO were beginning contract negotiations with
Virginia Power on behalf of local governments. Mr. Bosiger continued that they were
requesting $180.00 as the County’s part of the negotiation expenses.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to pay $180.00 to VML/VACO as
the County’s part of negotiation expenses with Virginia Power. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye,
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a proposed leave sharing policy for County employees and
explained that several employees had asked the Board to implement such a policy.
Discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Ferguson was asked to see if the
School Board had a policy for sharing leave and report back at the July 19, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that VHDA Tenant-Based Section 8 Rental Assistance
Program was in the process of being restructured. Mr. Bosiger continued that from the
information presented it appears that some of the administrative agents for the smaller
cz=