635
ordinances but as long as it doesn’t come in conflict the State you can do this and you can be
challenged in court. We are spending enough time in court. We are not in a very honorable position.
Mr. Carwile feels strongly that the responsibility of the Board of Supervisors should be to fight.
Mr. Kendrick then called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile would like to know if the Board of Supervisors should consider having a special
meeting with the Planning Commission to determine a concrete move on biosolids now. After
reconsideration, Mr. Carwile decided to hold his comments until later in meeting.
Mr. Carter would like to invite the Nesbe Cable representative to address the Board of the progress
they have made in the last couple of months.
1. Biosolids: The Board has received a draft resolution concerning Biosolids from Louisa
County. At it’s last meeting the Board voted to act on this proposed biosolids ordinance at
the November 19", 2001 meeting.
Mr. Carwile questioned if the Board of Supervisors should hold a special meeting/work shop with
the Planning Commission to determine a concrete move before the November 19" meeting.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Kendrick both agree with Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to set up a meeting with the Planning
Commission to discuss biosolids. Do not consider doing this at a regular meeting .VOTE: Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 6:47 P. M. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into a closed session in
order to discuss matters exempt under §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of Virginia, Consultation with
legal counsel regarding Courthouse litigation. WOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore, aye.
At 8: 42 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Carter, seconded Mr. Moore the Board returned to regular session
and Mr. Kendrick read _ the following certification:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711A.7 of the Code of
Virginia for the purpose of discussion with legal counsel.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Moore,