238
was really for the purpose of ironing out the terms to see if they could afford to stay.
Mr. Moore called for a vote:
Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then presented a request from the Stonewall Antique Power Association for a permit
for their annual event and asked the Board to waive the bond requirement. Mr. Moore explained
that all appeared to be in order.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to grant a permit to Stonewall Antique
Power Association for their annual event and waive the bond requirement. Vote: Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that Mr. Carwile had received a letter from Daniel A. Gecker
concerning funding for rehabilitation of the Courthouse. Mr. Moore asked Mr. Carwile if he had
anything to add to this.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and explained that copies of this letter had been passed out in
the Courthouse tonight. Mr. Carwile continued that he had met with Mr. Daniel A. Gecker and
that he had been impressed with Mr. Gecker. Mr. Carwile said that he would like to let the other
members of the Board know that Mr. Gecker wrote the code for the State of Virginia that is
dealing with grant money and dealing especially with any building that is put on the Landmark
and is certified. Mr. Carwile stated that he could take a lot of time explaining what had happened
with the old Petersburg High School but he would not. Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Gecker could
not be with the Board at this meeting and he regretted that because he felt that maybe Mr. Gecker
could answer a lot of questions that members of the Board might have. Mr. Carwile stated that
all that he received from Mr. Gecker was in the Board Book at his request. Mr. Carwile stated
that at this point he felt that it was open here tonight, he had been one that had been one that had
put this down the line and he guessed that it was time for him to be recognized to speak with
reference to the Courthouse renovation versus the new courthouse. Mr. Carwile asked the
Chairman if he recognized him to speak on this matter?
Mr. Moore recognized Mr. Carwile.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chair and stated that before he opened on the subject he would further
request that each Board member be allowed to speak on the Courthouse issue starting from the
right in consecutive order and he would further request that each Supervisor be allowed to speak
without interruption, this being fair and equal to all five members. Mr. Carwile addressed the
Chair and stated that after this round of input from each Supervisor he asked for a reasonable
time for each Supervisor for rebuttal but not necessarily for a respond. Mr. Carwile thanked the
Chairman. Mr. Carwile then stated that he turned his attention to those in attendance and his
fellow Board members. Mr. Carwile asked the audience if he could be heard by all in
attendance?
Mr. Carwile continued that he did not like to speak when his voice was bouncing off four walls