212
Chairman Craft explained that this public hearing was to receive public comment on the
following petitions:
CUP08002-Guaranteed Network Services, Inc.-The applicant/agent Guaranteed
Network Services, Inc. is requesting a conditional use permit for property located on the
south side of Cabin Lane, Appomattox, Virginia. The applicant is seeking to locate a 190-
foot Wireless Communications Facility on the property in order to provide wireless
internet service to a portion of the county. The zoning district is Agricultural, A-1. The
subject property is identified as Tax Map Number 9 (A) 22; Appomattox Lime Company,
owner. The total parcel area is approximately 57.85 acres; however the area where the
tower will be located is approximately 0.01 acres in size.
CUP08003-Guaranteed Network Services, Inc.-The applicant/agent Guaranteed
Network Services, Inc. is requesting a conditional use permit for property located on the
south side of Stratton Dairy Road (Route 713), Concord, Virginia. The applicant is
seeking to locate a 190-foot Wireless Communications Facility on the property in order
to provide wireless internet service to a portion of the county. The zoning district is
Agricultural, A-1. The subject property is identified as Tax Map Number 47 (A) 32;
David Stratton, owner. The total parcel area is approximately 340.5 acres; however the
area where the tower will be located is approximately 0.01 acres in size.
Chairman Almond called the Planning Commission to order at 7:03 p.m.
Chairman Craft next clarified a statement in the Times Virginian that had quoted him
incorrectly.
Mr. Roark, Planner next presented both petitions for Guaranteed Network Service Inc.
(GNS Inc.) Mr. Roark explained that both applications are similar. In both cases they
are zoned A-1, Mr. Roark explained that towers will be placed with intentions to provide
broadband internet services to the more rural areas of the County. GNS Inc. currently has
equipment on the tower located in the Industrial Park and providing their service in a 5
mile radius. These two towers will cover most of the northwest quadrant of the County.
Mr. Roark provided a visual presentation of both tower locations describing the locations
and distance the towers would be from closest dwelling sites.
Mr. Roark explained that the major impact of these two towers is that they will be visible.
The towers are 190 feet tall and will be surrounded by hardwood trees.
Mr. Tanner stated that there are quite a few people looking forward to this tower in the
Stonewall area to help them with running their small business.
Mr. Tanner questioned if there was an access across the creek rather than having to go
through it. Mr. Hunt stated that this is something the Stratton’s were concerned about
also and if this tower would disrupt the environmental area in any way. Mr. Hunt stated
that this tower would not be disruptive to the environmental area.