130
Mr. Wingfield presented the Board Members with more detailed information regarding
the drought conditions in the county.
Mr. Butler stated that conditions are terribly dry.
Mr. Wingfield continued by stating Appomattox is one of the last counties in our area to
adopt a burn ban. Prince Edward has to have a public hearing before they can enforce
a burn ban, but this should be in effect in a couple of days. He also believes that the
State will be forced to issue a ban by the middle of the month.
Mr. Conrad asked what exactly does this ban cover?
Ms. Ferguson asked Mr. Wingfield to clarify what can and cannot be burned.
Mr. Wingfield stated that if you are burning in a metal barrel, you must cover the barrel
with a screen with no larger than 14” openings. All burning must be in a closed
container. The general public should consider safety issues.
The County will notify the newspapers, the television stations and post notices of this
burn ban, but there will still be people who will not see any of these notices.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding campfires, hunting seasons, etc., after which
Mr. Carter declared a burn ban be placed in effect immediately for the County of
Appomattox.
Mr.Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the following Burn Ban
Declaration:
This is to notify you that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has declared
that an emergency exists wherein the continued dry weather conditions require the
issuance of a burning ban making it unlawful for any person to set fire to, or procure
another to set fire to any woods, brush, logs, grass, debris or other flammable
materials with the boundaries of Appomattox County.
This burning ban will continue in effect until terminated by the actions of the Board
of Supervisors.
The effective date of this burning ban is Tuesday, October 16, 2007.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
7. Appomattox Heritage and Recreational Trail Plan:
We have received a resolution supporting the application for Virginia
Transportation Enhancement Program funds to develop the first component of
the Appomattox Heritage & Recreation trail. This trail corridor is a component of
a larger alternative transportation loop that would link the town, county, and the
Appomattox Court House NHP. No dollar figure has been determined as of yet
for the county’s match, however, the donation of the easement by the EDA for
the trail to extend through the industrial park will serve as one component of the