406
Mr. Moore explained that a closed session was necessary under Code Section 2.1-344(A)7 - legal
issues and Code Section 2.1-344(A)1 - personnel matters and Section 2.1-344(A)5 - prospective
industry location.
At 6:13 P.M., Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed session to
discuss a legal and/or personnel matter. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 7:40 P.M. seconded by Mr. Hancock it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Hancock the following resolution as adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened a closed meeting
this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance with the provisions of the
Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344 of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended require a certification
by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such closed meeting was conducted in
conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BEIT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (i) only public business matters
lawfully exempted from open meeting requirements by Virginia law were discussed in the
closed meeting to which this certification motion applies, and (ii) only such matters were
heard; discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore called for actions from the closed session.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to send out Request for Proposals to receive
architectural drawings on the renovation on the existing Courthouse. VOTE: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to pay Donald R. Martin for his accumulated
leave and authorize Mr. Carroll to advertise for the position of Maintenance Supervisor. VOTE: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Kendrick stated that during the past week he had a gentlemen ask a question concerning the
roofing taken off his house and taken to the landfill by a commercial contractor. He did not
understand why he had to pay upwards of $100 for his roofing material to be placed in the landfill.
Mr. Kendrick called Mr. Carroll to see if the man had taken this roofing to the landfill in his own