28
whose children do travel to Lynchburg or Farmville to attend private schools. These are
excellent schools, but wouldn’t it be nice for these children and parents to stay in
Appomattox where there is an excellent private classical Christian school available.
Cornerstone Christian Academy is that school. Please support the Vera Worship
Center’s request for a Conditional Use Permit for a school at their church. This will allow
our students and parents the peace of mind of knowing that we have a temporary place
to start our school year. Also, please support the Lawson Family's request for a Zoning
Variance and Conditional Use Permit for our school. This will allow our students and
parents the peace of mind of knowing that we have a permanent home to complete our
school year as well as many years to come. I leave you with this thought — public
education cost hundreds of dollars; private education out of the county cost thousands
of dollars; a safe classical Christian education for the future leaders of our county at
Cornerstone Christian Academy — priceless.
Ms. Lois Bartell, 424 Peaceful Meadows Grove, Spout Spring, VA: I have four
(4) grandchildren that attended Appomattox Christian Academy last year. Previously,
they attended Appomattox Public Schools and for two (2) years they attended
Lynchburg Christian Academy, now Liberty Christian Academy in Lynchburg, Virginia. I
have four (4) other grandchildren that attend the New Covenant Schools in Lynchburg.
Of all the educational systems I have observed, I found the classical approach to be the
most chalienging and superior and the most collectable to the different types of learners
which I see in my grandchildren. I watched the leadership of Cornerstone Christian
Academy having previously been at Appomattox Christian Academy I watched them
function this last year. I watched their Christian walk, their teaching abilities and the
effect they had on my grandchildren. I would do anything to support them that Ican. I
am asking the leadership of Appomattox County to support the schoo! requests, so we
can provide the best education possible for our kids. As you have heard there are
approximately 60 students enrolled which represent about 40 families of Appomattox
County. While we as a small community of supporters try to recover and find a
permanent school building we have been generously offered the magnificent facility at
Vera. Tonight, I ask you, the County Board of Supervisors, to give approval to the
Conditional Use Permit to the Vera Church of God for use by the Cornerstone Christian
Academy for the 2007-08 school year. It is a clean, spacious facility. It is safe and it
will be good for the kids and they will enjoy that. I also ask you to support the Lawson
building variance and conditional use permit for their building.
Ms. Shannon Maddox, 3105 Horseshoe Road, Appomattox, VA: I am the
mother of a rising 5" grader. The facility and staff of Cornerstone Christian Academy
has been a true blessing to my family. Not only have they provided our sons with an
outstanding education, they have assisted my husband and I and our church family in
laying the foundation of safe, kindness, consideration and true meaning of living a Godly
life. They are without a doubt instilling in our children the spiritual guidance they will
need as Christian adults. Cornerstone Christian Academy is a blessing to this
community. I thank you for your time and your prayerful vote for the Vera Church of
God for our temporary school as well as our zoning request to the building located on
Route 460.