192
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that anyone who
meets the requirements for lot size in a certain district would not be required to rezone
these lots. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore then explained that it was necessary to officially give Mrs. Ferguson
permission to sign any documents necessary for the purchase of the elementary school
property.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to authorize Mrs. Ferguson to sign
any documents related to the elementary school property purchase on behalf of the Board
of Supervisors. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
Mr. Moore called for other business.
Hearing none, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adjourn at 9:30
P.M. until January 27, 2000 at 7:00 P.M. in the school board conference room. Vote: Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye.
RUSSELL H. MOORE, CHAIRMAN :
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on January 18, 2000
at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Russell H. Moore - Chairman - Piney Mountain District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson - County Administrator
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Darrel Puckett - County Attorney
Mr. Moore called the public hearing to order at 7:00 P.M. and explained that the purpose of the
public hearing was to receive public comments on a grant application to enhance the sites that
make up the Lee’s Retreat route by adding a free standing narrative and graphic map to each site
which will provide a visual interpretation in addition to the radio interpretation presently at the
site. The application will be submitted to the Department of Transportation for Transportation