332
In the scheme to renovating the present Courthouse one plan was to add to the back of the building
and renovate everything around here we see. That would put the Circuit Court and Judge Blanton
on the main floor, the Commonwealth Attorney on the third floor, and the Clerk’s Office on the
ground level. Also the Board of Supervisors Meeting room and Jury Selection room would be behind
the Courtroom. Also this plan included adding to the present Clerk’s Office Building to house the
Judges Chambers, General District Court and holding cells.
Strategy A -His suggestion for Phase I is to build that facility on to the Clerk’s Building, instead of
necessarily doing too much to the Courthouse building at this time. Build a new Courtroom, new
judges chambers, new holding cells and build a jury room that could become something else in the
future, such as lawyers offices. Create a new courtroom, leave the Circuit Court Clerk where she
is and so in essence we would be putting the Circuit Court with the Circuit Clerk in one building and
on this property. He does not know if the Judge will be willing to go along with this plan.
Renovate the existing Courthouse for the General District Court but do it in a way that could be
converted to the Circuit Court when we begin Phase II. Put a new roof on the building, and build a
parking lot for approximately one million dollars. This would not add an addition to the old
Courthouse building. He thinks this is the plan that should be presented to the Judge.
Strategy B - Would be to renovate the Courthouse as shown on his drawings. There are a lot of
manipulations to cut these projects apart that he feels would be expensive, probably around $1.5 or
$1.6 million. This would be quite disruptive and Option 1 would give you someplace to put people
while the other was being done. Strategy B would cost more and not work as well.
Discussion followed with some of the Board Members requesting to be present when Mr. Craddock
meets with the Judge.
Mr. Moore then thanked and excused Mr. Craddock.
Mr. Moore then asked for comments on the recommendations of the Planning Commission regarding
petitions heard at the May 15" Public Hearing.
Petition 00-424 - Bobby E. Moore - Rezone property from A-1 to M-1 with Conditional Use Permit
to allow Truck and Trailer storage and Repairs and contract facilities to include heavy equipment
storage yard. Property is Tax Map #72(A) Railroad Right of Way. Property is located on Route 741
between Route 24 and Dead End. Planning Commission recommended disapproval.
No action required. Petition withdrawn on June 5, 2000.
Petition 00-425- Courtland Realty - Rezone property from A-1 to R-2. Property is part of Tax Map
#64-A-35 and located on Route 691 between Route 719 and Route T-1008. Planning Commission
recommended approval.
Petition tabled until further information is available.
Petition 00-427 - GTE South Inc. - Conditional Use Permit to allow telephone remote switching