17
When the Amherst County Adult Detention Center is placed in service, Amherst and
Appomattox agree to fund their portion of the General Reserve Account, based on each
jurisdiction’s share of inmates from all of the Member Jurisdictions in the twelve month
period immediately prior to the Amherst County Adult Detention Center being place in
service. For example, it is estimated that the requirement for the General Reserve Account
will be $1,625,612 as ofJuly 1, 2010. Assuming that Amherst has 9% of the inmates as of
that date, and Appomattox has 4% of the inmates, Amherst would have to contribute
$145,659 and Appomattox would have to contribute $65,959 to the General Reserve Account.
(d) The Authority agrees to fund the required contributions of Amherst and Appomattox to the
Operating Reserve Account, the Capital Reserve Account and the General Reserve Account
set forth in (a) through (c), to the extent that the Authority has funds in the General Reserve
Account on the date the Amherst County Adult Detention Center is placed into service above
the required amount set forth in (c). To the extend that such funds are not available, Amherst
and Appomattox shall fund the balance when requested to do so by the Authority. To the
extent the Authority funds the required contributions, Amherst and Appomattox agree to pay
the Authority in equal annual installments not to exceed five. Either Amherst or Appomattox
have the option to repay the amounts over a shorter period. This amount shall include interest
at the rate of 4% on the outstanding balance figured on an annual basis. The Authority shall,
at the end of each fiscal year that it receives a payment from Amherst or Appomattox, refund
the amount of the payment to the Original Member Jurisdictions, based on the percentage of
inmates among those jurisdictions only for the previous twelve month period, or shall apply
the amount to the next required quarterly payment from those jurisdictions, at the option of
each jurisdiction.
(e) When the Amherst County Adult Detention Center is placed in service, Amherst and
Appomattox agree to pay the five Member Jurisdictions who constructed the original jail
facilities $211,538 as an equity payment to fund the interest of Amherst and Appomattox in
pre-existing facilities of the Authority of which they will have beneficial use. The amount of
the payment from Amherst and Appomattox will be based on their relative percentage of local
inmates as to cach other in the twelve month period immediately prior to the Amherst County
Adult Detention Center being placed in service. Amherst and Appomattox agree to pay the
required amount to the Authority by August | following the date the Amherst County Adult
Detention Center is placed in service. The Authority shall refund the amount of these
payments to the original five Member Jurisdictions, based on the percentage of inmates among
those jurisdictions only for the previous twelve month period, or shall apply the amount of
these payments to the next required quarterly payment from those jurisdictions, at the option
of each jurisdiction.
7. Sale of Property to Authority by Amherst County.
Amherst County agrees to sell property which the County recently purchased as a site for the Amherst
County Adult Detention Center. The property shall consist of 23.623 acres as shown as New Parcel A on a plat
prepared by Hurt & Proffitt entitle Plat Showing Subdivision of the Property of the Board of Supervisors of Amherst
County, Elon Magisterial District, Amherst County, Virginia, revised April 10, 2007. The property shall be transferred
by general warranty deed, subject to easements and restrictions of record. The Authority shall pay Amherst County
$82,860 for the property. The Authority shall have the right to close on the purchase of the property at any time prior
to the beginning of the construction of the Amherst County Adult Detention Center. Amherst County certifies that the
property is zoned for a regional jail to be constructed and operated on the property, and that no further zoning appeals
are needed by the Authority to construct the Amherst County Adult Detention Center.
8. Financing the New Facility.
The Original Members and the New Members authorize the Authority to issue long-term financing for the
local portion of the funds needed for the construction of the Amherst County Adult Detention Center, and to issue
short-term notes for the Commonwealth’s portion of the funds needed for construction, since the Commonwealth will
reimburse the Authority following the completion of construction.
9. Employees of the Authority.
When the Amherst County Adult Detention Center is opened, the Authority agrees to offer employment to
those deputy sheriffs from Amherst County and Appomattox County that the respective sheriffs designate as jail