193
3. NESBE Cable: Mr. Carwile has requested that the NESBE Cable franchise
agreement be included on the agenda for possible Board action.
Mr. Carwile stated he thought they needed the opportunity to look over this agreement to
see if any changes were necessary. The Board may wish to consider: 1) cable
throughout the County. We only have cable if there are 40 connections within a one mile
radius. 2) Also may be this should be explored more before any decisions are made.
Mr. Kendrick commented regarding the number of subscribers necessary before NESBE
would run a line — he understands 40 potential subscribers.
Mr. Jobe, General Manager of NESBE was present and stated the franchise does require
40 potential subscribers per mile. If there are areas that meet this, but are not being
served, he would be happy to take care of it.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to table this issue until the second
meeting in January 2003. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
4. State Budget Reductions — Electoral Board/Registrar’s Office: The Board has
received a memo from the State Board of Elections concerning the impact of the
state’s budget reductions on these departments. The memo states that the Board
cannot reduce the salary of the Electoral Board of the Registrar since these are set
by the General Assembly in the Appropriations Act. The Board at the November
23" meeting reduced the salary of the Electoral Board by $461.83 based on
preliminary b udget reduction figures. T otal cuts for the two departments were
$5,273.00. Staff has compiled several options for the board’s consideration:
a) Restore funding cut in November ($461.82) and have the locality fund
the $5,273 cut to the two offices.
b) Reduce the budget for the department to reflect the cuts from the state.
c) Request that the Electoral Board and Registrar review their respective
budgets and recommend areas for reduction based upon the state’s
reduced funding.
After some discussion it was the consensus of the Board to recommend option C. They
also would like to have the recommended cuts submitted to the Board in time for
inclusion in the January 6, 2003 Board packet.
5. Industrial Development Authority Appointments: The terms of two members
of the IDA will expire on December 31, 2002, Richard Robinson and Cecil
Wooldridge. Staff recommends Mr. Robinson and Mr. Wooldridge be re-
appointed for four year term expiring on December 31, 2006.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore, the Board agreed to re-appoint
Mr. Richard Robinson and Mr. Cecil Wooldridge to the Industrial Development
Authority for a term to expire on December 31, 2006. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.