545
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence - Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Thomas W. Lawson - County Attorney
Andy Carroll - Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called upon Mr. Hal Craddock to appear before the Board.
Mr. Craddock came forth and presented the Board with information regarding the operating costs
of the renovated versus new courthouse. This information had been requested by the Board at an
earlier meeting.
Much discussion occurred regarding the report, the potential parking, and the use of the current
courthouse if a new courthouse were built. Mr. Craddock concluded his comments by stating that
renovation would be the best alternative unless the county had use for additional office space. The
Board agreed to take no action on the matter at this time.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Craddock and called for Mr. Lloyd Cobbs to appear before the Board.
Mr. Cobbs came forward and stated that he was requesting that the Board match Prince Edward
County's donation to a recreational facility to be located in Prince Edward County, but that would
serve the Pamplin residents, many of whom live in Appomattox County. Mr. Bosiger then read a
letter from Mr. Cobbs stating that Prince Edward County would donate $2,350 towards the facility.
Mr. Cobbs further stated that the property for the facility would be leased for four years at which
time it was the intention of his organization to purchase the property. Mr. Cobbs stated that the
targeted youth ranged in age from 5-12 and would participate in various activities.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Board grant the request of $2,350 to
Mr. Cobbs' community organization to provide a playground.
After discussion. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mr. Cobbs and called for the Appomattox County School Board to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Lannis Selz, School Board Chairman, stated that the school board had wanted to meet with the
Board of Supervisors to give an early indication of financial needs that would be addressed in next
years budget. These items included capital expenditures for facilities repairs, new requirements as
a result of the State Standards of Learning initiative, and additional teachers. Mr. Selz stated that
the school board could not provide a figure at this time, but wanted to make the Board aware of the
schools needs.