292
thing. There was a lot of confusion. VDOT had to set back down with the
contractor and as of today, they plan to be back in about two weeks and start re-
installing the signs. They are behind schedule, but the weather has not been too
cooperative either.
The Route 652 project is behind schedule. The bridge is ok, but the road is not
finished due to rain.
Route 721 in Stonewall where the road washed out. Work being done and should
be open by the end of June.
The 460 By Pass - The Commonwealth Transportation Board approved the
naming of this section the C. T. Moses Jr. Highway. It is now up to the Town to
do a sign, etc.
Mr. Moore stated VDOT had done a good job on the Lime Plant Road.
There was some discussion regarding mowing along the secondary roads and a
curve on Rt. 616 causing a wreck.
Mr. Austin closed by stating that if there were any complaints concerning sight
distance, give VDOT a call.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Richard Lewandowski, Chamber of Commerce
Board to address the Board. Mr. Lewandowski is meeting with the Board in
order to provide an update on the Chamber’s financial status.
Mr. Lewandowski began by stating the total funding needed for the Chamber to
maintain its status quo is $25,000. They have taken steps to curtail some major
expenses, because they knew they could not continue to go along that path any
further. They have laid off the Tourism Director and regrouped to determine what
options they have in order for the Chamber to remain viable. Mr. Lewandowski
had Mr. Rich Guild hand out a report featuring three (3) options regarding the
funding. Mr. Lewandowski went over these options.
Option 1: No funding from the County:
Continue to operate the visitor’s center for the short term — stop all tourism
promotion and get out of the tourism business. Move the chamber office to
smaller and less expensive space. Close the visitor’s center when funds run out.
Concentrate 100% on Chamber Business.
Option 2: Receive $13,000.00 annually from County plus the brochure funding
every other year:
Chamber can continue to operate the visitor’s center and promote tourism on a
part time basis. Hire a part time person to operate. Cannot afford a real tourism
director.