160
Robert Johnson, Susan Hudson, Amy Martin, Albert Carter, Bill Gilleland, Garnet Mills,
Milton Chambers, Jennifer Jamerson-Scruggs, Bob Parton, Kevin O’Brien and Bill
Slagle.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint
Mr. Frank Carwile and Mr. Jerry Kendrick to serve on this committee as representatives
of the Board of Supervisors. If Mr. Kendrick is unable to serve in this capacity, Mr.
Samuel Carter volunteered to serve. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Carter, aye.
7. Work Force Training Center Project: A member of the Board of Supervisors
needs to be appointed to serve on this committee. These meeting will likely be
held during the day.
Mr. Jesse L. Hancock volunteered to serve on this committee.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Mr. Jesse Hancock to
represent the Board of Supervisors on this committee. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
8. Fire Department Building: At the September 3" meeting the Appomattox
Volunteer Fire Department requested that the Board consider paying the full
$150,000 for the construction of their new building in FY03 so they could avoid
financing this portion of the project. The Board has agreed to pay $25,000 a year
for a six (6) year period. If the Board wishes to grant this request, funds would
have to be transferred from the budgeted amount for Capital Improvement Funds.
Mr. Moore stated that due to the present economic situation we cannot spend reserves.
Budget constraints will most likely get even tougher than they are at the present time.
Mr. Carwile and Mr. Hancock agree with Mr. Moore that this cannot be done at this time.
Maybe things will be better next year.
The Board by consensus agreed to stay with the present budgeted amount.
9. Meeting Dates: Mr. Kendrick has requested that the Board consider changing the
upcoming meeting schedule. He will be out of the Country and unable to attend
as the schedule is presently. Staff recommends that the scheduled meeting for
October 21" be changed to October 28" and eliminate the November 4" meeting.
This change will not create any administrative problems.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion to change the meeting scheduled for
October 21" to October 28" and eliminate the meeting for November 4"". Mr. Moore
seconded this motion. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.