518
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Employee Assistance of Central Virginia, Inc.: Employee Assistance
of Central Virginia, Inc. is proposing a cost increase of $24.00 for the
employee assistance program for FY2005. Staff acknowledges this
increase is minimal and recommends accepting the pricing revision for
FY2005. If approved this figure will be included in the FY2005 budget.
Mr. Carter stated that this EAP is of great benefit for the employees.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the $24.00 per
year increase for the services of Employee Assistance of Central Virginia, Inc. for
FY2005. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Jamerson Battleground Site: At the joint meeting with Town Council
it was recommended that the governing bodies pass a motion asking the
National Historical Park Service to include the Jamerson Battleground Site
in their master plan.
Mr. Armbrust, who was unable to attend the joint meeting, asked if it had been
proven that a battle did take place on this property. In talking to local historians
they have indicated that they have never been able to find documentation that
this is a battleground site.
Mr. Carter stated that from all the documents that have been presented to the
Board, it has been signified that this is a valid battleground site. Mr. Moore
added that the National Historical Park Service had done some research and
concluded that this was the site of the last battle prior to the surrender and
several artifacts have been located.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to ask the National
Historical Park Service to include this in the master plan for next year. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for action on the Consent Agenda: (Items 4-11)
4. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented for payment.
ACTION ITEMS:
5. EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES COMMITTEE: At the joint meeting
with Town Council it was suggested that a committee be formed to
research problems that the rescue squad is having getting day time calls