599
Lewis G. Harvey, Route 1, Appomattox, Virginia
Merle Thomas, Pamplin, Virginia
Don Hudson, Route 4, Appomattox, Virginia
Becky Padgett, Appomattox, Virginia
William Whitmer, Spout Spring, Virginia
Bill Burke, Appomattox, Virginia
Christine Morgan, Appomattox, Virginia
David Mills, Appomattox, Virginia
Robert Morgan, Appomattox, Virginia
Charles Morgan, Appomattox, Virginia
Mr. & Mrs. Bob Scherle, Appomattox, Virginia
Roberta Austin, Appomattox, Virginia
Alton Lucado, Appomattox, Virginia
Thomas E. Conner, Appomattox, Virginia
Michael Carwile, Appomattox, Virginia
L. D. Fleshman, Appomattox, Virginia
Gerald Hodge, Appomattox, Virginia
Lisa Stratton, Appomattox, Virginia
Robert Stratton, Appomattox, Virginia
Robert Tillitson, Appomattox, Virginia
Helen Adams, Spout Spring, Virginia
Scott Paulette, Appomattox, Virginia
Ryland Routt, Route 1, Appomattox, Virginia
Johnny Knight, Appomattox, Virginia
Rosa Huff, Appomattox, Virginia
Charles Elliott, Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia
Margaret McNutt, Pamplin, Virginia
Debbie Knight, Spout Spring, Virginia
David Baker, Appomattox, Virginia
Joan Routon, Appomattox, Virginia
Henry Simmons, Evergreen, Virginia
Mr. Bosiger then called Steve Lambson to come forward.
Mr. Lambson came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 1117, Spout Spring,
Virginia. Mr. Lambson began by saying that none of the changes would have any impact
on him personally. Mr. Lambson stated that he made those comments because he wanted
everyone to know that the comments he would be making were unbiased. Mr. Lambson
continued that the County had recently started down a path to develop an industrial park
and a sports complex. Mr. Lambson continued that he had been thinking about the
proposed changes and trying to look at them the way someone outside the County might
look at them and from reading the newspaper you get a strong sense that a lot of the
proposed changes were “knee jerk “ reactions. Mr. Lampson stated that in fact it reads
that it started off directed at a few people and a particular circumstance and then just
grew. Mr. Lambson continued that he feels that employers that would come into the
County would have a lot of reservations about locating here because they might feel if