390
Installation costs: $66,500.00 ($9.50 per sign)
TOTAL: $70,000.00
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve
the change of contract with Timmons for RFP and to install the E-911 Structure Number
Signs. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Petition #03-523 — Courtland Realty/S. L. Ferguson III: The Board at previous
meetings had discussed specific concerns regarding this petition. Staff has
enclosed a list of conditions to be imposed as part of the permit as well as a list of
milestones to be met to comply with permit requirements. Kevin O’Brien acting
as agent for the developer has submitted their acceptance of the list of conditions
and milestones.
Mr. Carwile questioned Mr. O’Brien acting as agent for the developer.
Mr. Overstreet stated that the signature of the developer be required on the actual
conditional use permit agreeing to the conditions.
Mr. Kendrick asked if it were inappropriate for a member of the Planning Commission to
be acting as an agent and actively pursuing that role as an agent, to persuade the Board.
Does this create a conflict of interest?
Mr. Overstreet answered by saying that as County Attorney it was not his place to say
what was appropriate and not appropriate. That was an ethical dilemma between the
Board and Mr. O’Brien. The Conflict of Interest Law is a criminal statue that is
enforceable through the Commonwealth’s Attorney’s Office. He continued by
explaining what his role would be if asked to give an opinion.
There was a lot of discussion regarding the 5 foot setback buffer for all property lines, the
ongoing maintenance of the sub-division, the age limitations, public water and sewage,
and not being able to use single wide mobile homes.
Mr. Carroll will talk to David Garrett about the Town providing sewage service and
allowing the developer to provide water service. It was also decided to expand this
discussion to also include other potential developments.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to table action on this matter until
additional information can be obtained. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ts Road Name Change Request: Edward and Nancy Fuller have requested the
name of their road be changed to reflect an incorrect spelling — “Townwanda’” to
“Tonawanda”. The Board in approving road names instituted a 2 year
moratorium on road name changes from the date that E-911 goes into effect.