55f |
should be legislated. Mr. Burcher asked the Board to enforce the ordinances that were
already in place and leave things alone.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Jeff Carwile to come forward.
Mr. Carwile gave his address as P. O. Box 998, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Carwile
began by saying that he was at the meeting on October 5, 1998 when this ball started
rolling and in his opinion what happened on October 5 is about what the Board is doing
now. Mr. Carwile agreed with Mr. Lambson that the Board of Supervisors had a “knee
jerk” reaction to problems in the County. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not see how
a person working at Thomasville, or the industrial park or somewhere else making $7.00
per hour could afford five acres of land. Mr. Carwile continued that he did not see how
they could afford three acres. Mr. Carwile stated that he did not understand how we
could say on one hand that we wanted industrial development in this County but then say
there is no where to live here. Mr. Carwile stated in closing that all the heads in the
courtroom needed to be counted because come November they would be counted.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. David Austin to come forward.
Mr. Austin came forward and gave his address as Route 2 Box 676, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Austin asked the Board to consider several things that he was going to
present. Mr. Austin stated that he felt a lot of good comments had been made at this
meeting. Mr. Austin said that he did not feel that it was reasonable to require a lot of
five acres for a home to be built on. Mr. Austin said that he had checked with some
realtor and he told him that a five-acre lot was selling anywhere from $15,000.00 to
$25,000.00. Mr. Austin stated that he felt the 300’ road frontage and the two hundred-
foot setback was also excessive. Mr. Austin used his own lot, one acre with one hundred
eighty foot of road frontage, as an example of how the smaller lot was sufficient to
support his dwelling and still give him a garden spot. Mr. Austin stated that he does not
see the need for a lot to have to be five acres in order to build a home. Mr. Austin stated
that he felt that a five-acre requirement would put a burden on young people and old
people that may require them to have to go out of the County. Mr. Austin then said that
Mr. Carwile had been setting on the Board for a long time and he felt that Mr. Carwile
should have a vote. Mr. Austin continued that just because he had mobile home courts he
should not be set aside. Mr. Austin stated in closing that he hoped the Board would leave
things alone.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Forest Marshall to come forward.
Mr. Marshall gave his address as Route 691, Spout Spring, Virginia. Mr. Marshall stated
that he has approximately two miles of road frontage. Mr. Marshall continued that he
and his wife were holding on to this property so when they got older they could sell lots
to help support them. Mr. Marshall said that if the proposed changes to the ordinance
were adopted this would really dig in to his property values. Mr. Marshall said that five
acres was not necessary for a house. Mr. Marshall stated that he hoped the Board would
reconsider this because it was a bad proposal