598
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate the following:
$54,184.93 to 4204-3002;
7,913.58 to 4204-3002
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $66,212.89 from the
Literacy Challenge grant and $10,000.00 appropriation from the Athletic Fund for the
month of February 1999, for the School Board. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Carroll was requesting approval to attend the
Economic Development Annual Conference in Philadelphia at a cost of approximately
$600.00.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve Mr. Carroll’s expenses
be paid to the Economic Development Annual Conference in Philadelphia. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the attention of the Board to the landfill report provided by Mr.
Carroll. Mr. Bosiger asked if there were questions for Mr. Carroll concerning the report?
A general discussion followed.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Mrs. Peggy Sublett of Emanuel Tire of
Virginia for a letter supporting Emanuel Tire relocating their tire recycling operation in
Appomattox County.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have Mrs.
Ferguson write a letter of support for Emanuel Tire relocating to a site in Appomattox
County. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that VHDA must have an answer concerning the placement
of a computer in the Rental Assistance Office immediately. Mrs. Bachman has explained
that in order to have this unit included with her purchase order she cannot wait until the
budget process is complete.
Mr. Carwile stated that he would abstain from any discussion or vote on this matter.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to inform VHDA
they would need to purchase this system for the Rental Assistance Office. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, abstained; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye.