100
civic organizations would be interested in renting office space at the present elementary
school instead of the members working from their homes.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Bonnie Tillotson came forward and gave her address as Route 5 Box 724,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Tillotson began by saying that she liked the idea of a new
school. Mrs. Tillotson continued that she liked the Bryant site location but was
concerned with the price per acre that the Board was willing to pay. Mrs. Tillotson also
stated that she felt a local contractor should get the construction contract for a new
school. Mrs.Tillotson explained that in her opinion the Wilbun site was a superior site
because of its proximity to the high school. Mrs. Tillotson also stated that G. H.
Jamerson and Mr. Fred Jones had property joining the present elementary school site and
they were willing to owner finance this property.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mrs. Janice Marston came forward and gave her address as Route 1, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Marston explained that she was the principal at the elementary school and
that she had grave concerns with safety and security at the present school. Mrs. Marston
continued that space was needed for instructional programs and the present school was
not accessible for handicapped children to be able to participate in all the programs. Mrs.
Marston thanked the members of the various Boards for considering new construction.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Ms. Kim Raye came forward and gave her address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia.
Ms. Raye explained that she moved here because of the school system. Mrs. Raye
explained that she was in favor of a new school but felt the Board should continue the use
of the present building for some purpose.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
Mr. Robert Tillotson came forward and gave his address as Route 5, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Tillotson began by saying that he was in favor of a new school. Mr.
Tillotson continued that he would like to see a local contractor receive the bid for the
construction. Mr. Tillotson continued that he had a problem with the appraisal of the
Bryant site. Mr. Tillotson continued that in the long run of a school he felt that the Board
should look at the best site. Mr. Tillotson stated that G. H. Jamerson had a site right
behind the present school and that the Board should seriously consider this site. Mr.
Tillotson also stated that Mr. John Cole had property that would be ideal and that
sometimes you had to go out and talk to people in order to get the best deal. Mr.
Tillotson continued that maybe the Board was missing a good opportunity by not
considering the Wilbun’s property more closely. In closing Mr. Tillotson asked the
Board to take a look at their Comprehensive Plan for the County prior to making a final
decision.