416
Mr. Spencer called for comments against this petition. Hearing none, he presented the
next petition.
#03-531 — Clayton Bryant, Jr. — Rezone from A-1 Agricultural to R-1 Residential
162.72 acres located on Route 613 between Route 460 and Route 659 for the purpose of
residential development. Tax Map #63(A)3 & 4.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Hearing no comments for or against this petition Mr. Spencer stated that Petition #03-
1024 — Charles M. Warner had been withdrawn and turned the meeting back to Mr.
Carter.
At 7:08 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for a short recess.
At 7:14 p.m. Mr. Carter re-convened the meeting and addressed ADMINISTRATIVE
ITEMS:
1. Petition #03-523 — Courtland Realty/S. L. Ferguson: The Board at its last
meeting requested that staff approach the Town of Appomattox regarding the
possibility of serving this proposed project with public water and sewer. Mr.
David Garrett, Town Manager has indicated the Town’s Utility Committee
has decided that it will consider the extension of the water and sewer to serve
the site if the developer provides the Town with a preliminary engineering
report and Health Department approval. Based upon the willingness of the
Town to consider the extension of these lines to the development, staff has
modified the conditional use permit and made some changes to the Freedom
Homes Milestones. Two motions would be necessary to approve this petition.
After some discussion, the Board tabled action on this petition until the Town of
Appomattox grants the extension of water and sewer to serve the proposed development..
Mr. Carter next called the Board’s attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS (Items
16-22)
16. Letter from the Hon. Virgil Goode: Congressman Goode has written a letter
relating to Sailor’s Creek State Park.
17. Appomattox Town Council Agenda: Agenda for Town Council
meeting/workshop held on October 28 and November 10, 2003.
18. Monthly Update: Monthly updates on County Projects.
19. Virginia’s Retreat Website Press Release: They not have a website for tourism.
20. School’s Monthly Financial Report: Financial report for the Month of
December.
21. Regional Airport Authority: Regional airport report and consideration to move
to a regional airport authority.