658
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on April
12, 1999 at 6:55 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter - Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting at 6:55 P.M. and asked Mrs. Shirley Jones to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mrs. Jones had been invited to appear before the Board to
provide information related to several requests for information on the Section 8 housing
program.
Mrs. Jones began by saying that she had contacted Linda Bachman with V.H.D.A.
concerning the Board’s request for information related to clients and landlords. Mrs.
Jones explained that Mrs. Bachman had told her that this information was protected under
the privacy act and that the Board of Supervisors could not have access to the information
for this reason. Mrs. Jones continued that if the Board was still concerned with receiving
this information she would recommenda letter be drafted to Mrs. Bachman officially
requesting the information.
Further discussion followed concerning the Section 8 Housing Program in Appomattox
County.
After discussion Mrs. Jones was asked to provide an income form that is used in the
Section 8 program for the Board to review.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked and excused Mrs. Jones.
Mr. Bosiger then called upon Sheriff Staples to appear before the Board.
Sheriff Staples explained that his reason for requesting a meeting with the Board was to
request that the funding that was cut from his FY2000 budget be reinstated. Sheriff
Staples presented a handout to the Board that reflected the cuts in his proposed FY2000
budget request and the decreases over last years approved budget. Sheriff Staples
proceeded to explain that the proposed cuts would seriously hinder the effectiveness of
his operation.