336
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, August 18, 2003 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held its regularly schedule meeting in the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office, located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA. 24522
PRESENT: Mr. Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Mr. Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Mr. Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Mr. Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
Brandon Stidham — County Planner
At 6:34 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order, welcomed everyone present and
asked Mr. Hancock to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Carter then opened the meeting for Citizen’s Public Comments: This time is
provided by the Board to allow citizens to express their concerns regarding subjects that
are of concern to them.
Mr. John Wilson, Church Street, Appomattox came forward. Mr. Wilson stated that he
had trimmed and cleaned up some brush recently and carried them to the landfill. While
unloading this brush, his truck got stuck. Ms. Rockefeller was kind enough to get him
out. Another citizen also got stuck. He is asking that the Board consider putting in a
cement pad with a reinforced backstop, so trucks and such will not get stuck while
dumping brush, etc. This area does at the present time have large gravel or rocks, but
they could also present a problem by dragging the bottom of vehicles.
He is also suggesting that the landfill have someone in attendance on Saturdays, so
citizens will have some additional hours to get rid of their brush especially with the
upcoming winter season and additional growth of shrubby.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Wilson for his comments.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Wayne Phelps, President — Historical Society to address the
Board. Mr. Phelps has requested to meet with the Board concerning repairs to the old
jail/museum building.
Mr. Phelps gave an update on the upcoming Reenactment (distributed a handout.). They
had a meeting on Saturday. They are all well pleased with the layout of the battlefield.
They have received a letter from Congressman Virgil Goode with a donation to help
cover expenses. At the present time they have approximately 450 confederate troops and