274
derived from the investment of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Series A Note or Series B
Note.
8. Any authorization herein to execute a document shall include authorization to deliver it to
the other parties thereto and to record such document where appropriate.
9. All other acts of the officers of the County that are in conformity with the purposes and
intent of this resolution and in furtherance of the issuance and sale of the Series A Note and the
Series B Note, the advance refunding of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds and the undertaking of the
acquisition, design, construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project and the leasing of the
Courthouse Project and re-leasing of the 1998 Projects is hereby approved, ratified and confirmed.
10. The County by acceptance of this financing agrees to indemnify, defend and save
harmless, to the extent permitted by law, the Authority, its officers, directors, employees and
agents from and against all liabilities, obligations, claims, damages, penalties, fines, losses, costs
and expenses in any way connected with the Authority, the issuance of the Series A Note and the
Series B Note, the advance refunding of the Outstanding 1998 Bonds or the acquisition, design,
construction and equipping of the Courthouse Project.
11. Nothing in this Resolution, the Series A Note, the Series B Note, or the Documents shall
constitute a debt or a pledge of the faith and credit of the Authority or the County, and the
Authority shall not be obligated to make any payments under the Series A Note, the Series B Note
or the Documents except from payments made by or on behalf of the County under the lease
agreement pursuant to annual appropriation thereof in accordance with applicable law.
12. The County hereby designates, and allocates to the Authority in relation to the issuance
of the Series A Note and the Series B Note, such designation as “qualified tax-exempt obligations”
for the purpose of Section 265(b)(3) of the Code. The County does not reasonably anticipate (nor
do any of its subordinate entities reasonably anticipate) issuing more than $10,000,000 in qualified
tax exempt obligations during calendar year 2003 and the County (and any of its subordinate
entities) will not designate more than $10,000,000 of qualified tax-exempt obligations pursuant to
Section 265(b)(3) of the Code during such calendar year.
13. The Board hereby reaffirms and declares, in accordance with U.S. Treasury Regulation
Section 1.150-2, as amended from time to time, the County’s intent to reimburse the County with
the proceeds of the Series A Note for Expenditures with respect to the Courthouse Project, made
on or after August 17, 2000, which date is no more than 60 days prior to the date of the adoption
of the Board’s Reimbursement Resolution (October 16, 2000). The County reasonably expects
that it will reimburse the Expenditures with the proceeds of the Series A Note. The maximum
principal amount of the Series A Note expected to be issued for the Courthouse Project is
$5,290,000.
14. This resolution shall take effect immediately.
ADOPTED THIS 15" OF MAY, 2003.
CHAIRMAN, BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS
CERTIFICATION OF ADOPTION OF RESOLUTION
The undersigned Clerk of the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, Virginia hereby
certifies that the Resolution set forth above was adopted on May 15", 2003, by the Board of
Supervisors with the following votes: