563
Mr. Bosiger then asked if the Board wished to adopt new rules of order.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was instrumental in having Roberts Rules of Order Simplified
adopted in the past and asked that since the Board was familiar with these rules of order
he would like to see the Board continue using them.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt Roberts Rules of Order
Simplified as the Boards operating rules for 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Board needed to establish meeting dates, times and
place.
Mr. Carwile stated that again, he felt that the schedule that was already in place seemed
to be working well, therefore, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
continue with the same schedule as adopted for 1998.
Mr. Bosiger called for discussion.
Mr. Carter stated that he would like to amend the motion to include that no new business
would be started after 9:30 P.M.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked if there were any instructions for the County Administrator.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mrs. Ferguson, and included the staff and stated that with 1998
behind us and all that the Board had accomplished in 1998, he was aware of the extra
workload that had been placed on the staff. Mr. Carwile stated that he would like to say
that with the professional manner that Mrs. Ferguson had handled things, at times in a
catch 22 situation, as well as the office and the staff, that had gone the extra mile to see
that the Board received all that they needed in order to carry out the business of the
County. Mr. Carwile stated that his instructions would be to hold the line and continue
doing what she was doing, and if he could do anything to help, feel free to call on him.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt Mr. Carwile’s comments were well said and he did not
know what could be added to them.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt Mrs. Ferguson and the office staff had done an excellent job
this past year.
Mr. Bosiger then presented the minutes for approval.