515
Commission, 33 of these involved shotguns - 18 people killed in a nine (9) year
period by a shotgun and 22 by a rifle. Muzzle loaders are a moot point, because
they are already legal in the County. We will have auto accidents and anything
we are involved in today, we take chances, but there is not enough of a
difference here to say the world is going to fall apart because of this issue.
Mr. Carter stated that the issue of a referendum had arose. Mr. Overstreet, the
County Attorney, will address this issue.
Mr. Overstreet stated that Virginia is a Dillon Rule State. Anything that is not
addressed in the State Code, cannot be placed on a referendum by the County
Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Armburst stated he had several contacts regarding this issue. 33 in favor
and 13 against.
Mr. Craft stated he did not make any campaign promises regarding rifle hunting.
He has received three letters, 9 or 10 telephone calls, with about a 50-50 split
for and against. His street contacts have been overwhelmingly in favor. When
he was campaigning, many people asked him about the rifle issue, he clearly
stated he did not know the situation. He had no intentions of introducing this
issue on his behalf, he is not that big of a hunter anymore. He represents the
Pamplin-Hixburg area which border counties that do allow rifle hunting. These
hunters carry two types of weapons which they have to load and unload
depending on where they are hunting. He has seen no problems with the use of
rifles for deer hunting.
Mr. Moore has been contacted by many people who are against hunting with
rifles. Surprisingly, many members of hunting clubs in his area do not want to
allow rifle hunting. He knows that there are people in his area that want to hunt
with rifles and the last time this issue came before the Board, they were all
contacting him. This time he has had very little contact from those in favor of
rifles. He assumes that they knew he voted against it last time and there were
three possible votes in favor already on the Board. He has had mostly contacts
with those that were opposed to this ordinance. He has always tried to vote the
way the majority of his constituents want him to vote.
Mr. Carter has been contacted mostly by street contacts. He has received few
letters or phone calls. It is pretty well known how he voted the last time.
Personally he is neither for nor against the use of rifles. He does not hunt
anymore, but if he did he probably would want to use a rifle. In the Courthouse
District, which is made up mostly of the Town citizens with some County citizens,
the majority of those who have approached him have been against this