698
that there was an urgent need to make a decision on this site in order to proceed with the
necessary plans.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Earl Dickerson, Hurt & Proffitt, to present the engineering
analysis for the two sites.
Mr. Dickerson began by explaining that Hurt & Proffitt had been commissioned to
provide site analysis for the Wilbun site and the Bryant site. Mr. Dickerson continued
that the project engineer, Mr. Stewart Rayburn, did most of the work for these two sites
and he would be making the presentation. Mr. Rayburn gave detailed information
concerning both sites.
Mr. Carter then explained that the next presentation would be by Mr. Blair Smith in
regards to construction/renovation cost comparison.
Mr. Smith provided the cost comparisons for the various options. (Document on file in
the May 1999 Board File.)
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Lannis Selz to present the financial aspect of this project.
Mr. Selz began that he would not go into great detail concerning the financial aspects of
this project. He continued that he would just like to say that the decisions that have been
made in the last few years by the Board of Supervisors have been made with the
knowledge that there would be an elementary school project in the future. Mr. Selz
stated that the debt service schedule has been done and this has been taken into
consideration. Mr. Selz explained the various options that are available to finance this
project.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Blair Smith to provide a time line for this project.
Mr. Smith explained that the Elementary School Project would take approximately 2
years to complete.
Mr. Torrence stated that waiting to proceed with this project was going to cost the County
more in the long run. Mr. Torrence brought the audiences attention to a graph that had
been provided showing the County’s debt service. Mr. Torrence stated that there would
certainly be a tax increase to fund some of these projects but things were not going to get
any cheaper.
Mr. Carter then called for public comment.
Mrs. Nina Beasley came forward and gave her address as Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs.
Beasley was concerned with how much land would have to be taken to improve Route
691 up to the proposed school site. Mrs. Beasley explained that she was not opposed to
the project but was only concerned with the increase in traffic on Route 691.
Mr. Carter called for other comments.
=