474
At 9:23 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye, Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore at 9:35 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion made by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires
a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjourn
at 9:36 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mz. Torrence, aye.
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
A joint public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, the Appomattox
County Planning Commission and the Appomattox County Board of Zoning Appeals was
held on September 21, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North
Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present (Board of Supervisors):
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
E=