613
2. ASAP Information: Robyn Allen has provided information concerning her program that
was requested at the last meeting, plus a letter concerning the proposal submitted by
Mr. Ennis. If you choose to accept the request as presented by Mr. Ennis you will need
to adopt the enclosed resolution, appoint two (2) representatives to the Piedmont
Community Services Board and approve a supplemental appropriation of $1,380.00 as
our contribution to the office expense.
Mr. Conrad stated he had spoken to several local attorneys, Sheriff Staples, and Buddy Carson
who was the Coordinator of Community Services for the County. They are all positive towards
the ASAP program. Based on the information he has received the biggest difference is that ASAP
does not cost the County anything.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Armbrust both agreed with Mr. Conrad. Therefore, it was the consensus of
the Board that no action be taken on this matter.
3. Biosolids Resolution and Regional Public Hearing: The Prince Edward Board of
Supervisors has initiated a campaign requesting that the General Assembly initiate an
investigation of the existing state program governing the land application of biosolids to
insure that proper regulatory and environmental oversights and controls are in place. If
Appomattox wishes to participate a resolution needs to be adopted. Also, on August 19,
2004 at 7:00 p.m. there will be a regional public meeting at the Prince Edward County
Courthouse to discuss proposed amendments to the Biosolids Use Regulations.
Mr. Craft thought it would be a good idea to attend this meeting to hear what other people have
to say.
Mr. Conrad stated that after reading what was presented, he felt they were indicating that we
are already a Dillon Rule State, and it is mandated by the legislature what latitude each county
has in regard to biosolids. There are more and more counties that would like to see this changed
so that the counties would be able to decide for themselves. We should not, under any
circumstances, get involved in a court situation again.
Mr. Moore agreed with Mr. Conrad and further stated we have lost at every legal level.
Mr. Conrad asked Mr. Overstreet if the General Assembly could change Virginia from a Dillon Rule
to a Home Rule State. Mr. Overstreet replies that he wasn’t sure if it could be done through a
legislative action or if it would require a Constitutional Amendment. We have a situation where
the State is taking upon itself to pre-empt the localities and provide for the monitoring, inspection
and granting of permits. They can also determine they are not going to take on this burden and
let the localities do it. This would not change the fact that we are a Dillon Rule State but it would
be an authority under the Dillon Rule that they would give to the locality. We can monitor and
conduct testing, but we would just be doing what the State is already doing.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust to adopt the following resolution:
A RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
OF THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX, VIRGINIA
n nx ~n nx nx nx nx nx
WHEREAS, the land application of biosolids, is regulated in accordance with regulations
adopted by and administered by the Commonwealth of Virginia Department of Health; and