167
address the Board. Ms. Kennedy discussed the importance of the Regional Airport to the
business community. The Chamber has secured a grant to assist in providing additional
flights and upgraded services from the Airport, the only one in Virginia to receive such a
grant. Two airlines, Delta and U. S. Airways, will upgrade to jet service. As a
requirement of this grant, communities were asked to put up a match. They are
requesting $100,000.00 from the community partners, which includes not only businesses
in our region, but also the localities that are served by the airport. They are requesting
$3,500.00 from Appomattox County. Amherst and Campbell County have allocated their
portion.
Ms. Kennedy answered several questions for the Board members.
Mr. Freddie Godsey, Sheriff's Department and Emergency Services Coordinator
addressed the Board on two items. 1) Recommendation from the Public Safety
Committee regarding a study of the radio system. 2) Conversion of Jail Library/Storage
space into jail cells.
1) Recommendation:
Mr. Godsey asked if anyone has any specific questions. The Public Safety Committee
met and discussed the problems they have with the current system. There are some dead
spots in the county. Sometimes the vehicles cannot get back to the base station. One of
the most serious problems is inter-department communications, with other offices, fire
department, rescue squad, etc. They are on three separate frequencies and unable to
communicate back and forth. Messages have to be relayed thru dispatch. The majority
of the surrounding counties are in a higher band. This problem causes safety concerns for
both officers and citizens. This issue will have to be looked at in connection with the E-
911 system. We also need to look at inter-agency communications, Town and Landfill,
etc.
Mr. Carter asked if the consultant c ould determine the financial impact of a Regional
System.
Mr. Kendrick questioned the possibility of purchase/lease of equipment. From a
financial a spect, | easing w ould be the best as the upkeep/maintenance would be taken
care of, along with upgrading from time to time.
2) Conversion of Jail:
Mr. Godsey stated the problem at the jail is overcrowding. They would like to add a
bathroom, shower in the present Library/Storage room for use as a cell. This would give
space for eight (8) more inmates. The current average population is 27. We also have
some inmates housed in surrounding localities. In recent months they have had to turn
away persons who are serving their time on week-ends, as they do not have space
available.