181
14. Citizen Letters: Two letters received from Mr. John Wilson concerning the
“Citizens Comment Period “ of Board meetings and a request regarding
renegotiating the cable franchise agreement.
Mr. Carter stated Mr. Wilson had done an excellent job of looking into this matter in
depth and it is very obvious he has a concern. He is sure other citizens also may or may
not have concerns. He would like to have Mr. Jobe invited to the December 2TM or 16"
meeting and make him aware of the deficiencies listed by Mr. Wilson
After some discussion, it was stated we need to ask Mr. Wilson for permission to send
Mr. Jobe a copy of his letter to the Board. Also what do other localities charge for
services, etc and exactly what are the options?
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carter had one question regarding the status of the recreational fields.
Mr. Carroll gave report on what had been done to this point.
Mr. Carter reminded the board of upcoming meetings:
Monday, December 2, 2002 at 6:30 P.M. — Regular Meeting
Monday, December 16", 2002 at 6:30 P.M. — Regular Meeting
Mr. Carter stated it was necessary for the Board to enter into closed session as per §2.2-
3711.A.7 of the Code of Virginia for consultation with legal counsel regarding a legal
matter — Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partners Contract.
At 7:45 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into closed
session for the purpose of legal consultation as per §2.2-3711.A.7 VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 8:17 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to regular
session. Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711.A.7
Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of legal consultation regarding Craddock-
Cunningham Architectural Partners Contract.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.