488
Mr. Torrence stated that Route 1104 in Pamplin, was a dead end street and there was no
place to turn around once you reached the end of the street.
Mr. Austin explained that this would have to be looked at when working on the Six-Year
Plan.
Mr. Carter asked again about Route 656.
Mr. Austin stated that again, this was a matter that would have to be addressed in the Six-
Year Plan.
Being no further business for Mr. Austin, Mr. Austin thanked the Board for the
contribution towards Concord Rescue Squads new crash truck and asked the Board for
their continued support.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Austin.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that a citizen representative from Falling River District had
asked to address the Board with concerns about mobile homes in the Falling River
District.
Mrs. Julie Austin came forward and stated that she was representing the citizens that
were sitting in the back of the Courtroom. Mrs. Austin continued that citizens in the
Falling River District were concerned with the number, quality, and installation of mobile
homes in their district. Mrs. Austin continued that many of the mobile homes were not
well maintained and that there were multiple units being installed on one lot. Mrs. Austin
stated that other concerns were with the age of mobile homes being placed in their
district, the number of mobile homes being placed in their District, the lot size required
for each mobile home and the fact that tire chips were being stockpiled in their district.
Mrs. Austin then stated that their request was that a moratorium be placed on mobile
homes in Falling River District until the Planning Commission could meet and come up
with a viable solution to this increasing problem. Mrs. Austin continued that they wished
to put a halt to wells, septic systems and tire chips stockpiled until the Planning
Commission could make a recommendation. In closing Mrs. Austin urged the Board to
act immediately.
A lengthy discussion followed with Board members expressing their concerns and asking
questions of Mrs. Austin.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Lawson, County Attorney, if he would like to comment on this
matter.
Mr. Lawson began by stating that he felt they were talking about Mr. Carwile’s property
and that this could constitute a conflict of interest if Mr. Carwile participated in the