453
Ms. Dixon stated they have heard from a couple of tour companies recently in response
to packets that were mailed out some time ago. One group from Bedford is planning to
visit in August and have booked reservations with the National Park Service, Cloverhill
Village, and Fred’s Car Museum. They will also be having lunch at the Appomattox
Country Buffet. This is a group of approximately 50 senior citizens.
Virginia Tech is offering a Civil War Teachers Institute in July and they are planning a
field trip to Appomattox. The Richmond Times Dispatch publishes a Week End Guide
each week and Appomattox was recently featured as a place to visit. All three of these
will generate free advertisement for our County. She is still working with the Virginia
Tourism Corporation and the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce.
Ms. Dixon also gave a brief report on the progress of the Community Park and what
classes were being held at the Community Center.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Dixon, Ms Penny Taylor, Ms. Valeria Garrett and Ms. Shirley
Wheeler for the great holiday decorations placed all over town during the Christmas
season.
Mr. Carter next called for action on the Administrative Items: (Items 1-6):
1. Proposed Ordinance Revision: The County ordinance as adopted in 1992
states that the Building Official is appointed by the Board of Supervisors and is
an employee of that Board. It is staff’s belief that the Building Official should
report to the County Administrator as do all other county employees. Also, the
Building Official should be subject to the County Personnel Policy as well as the
employment requirements listed under the Uniform Statewide Building Code.
Mr. Carter stated that the Public Hearing to repeal this section of the County Ordinance
was held earlier in the evening. No one spoke against the proposed change.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to change the
County Ordinance as follows:
ORDINANCE FOR REPEAL OF PARAGRAPH
C OF SECTION 51-1, “OFFICE OF BUILDING
AND HOUSING, COST OF ENFORCEMENT,
BUILDING OFFICIAL AND BUILDING
INSPECTOR, - CHAPTER 51, BUILDING
CONSTRUCTION OF THE APPOMATTOX
COUNTY CODE.
Be it Ordained that: .
c) Paragraph C of SectionS1-1 of Chapter 51 of the Appomattox County Code, which
states the following, is hereby repealed:
C) The Office of Building and Housing shall have a Building Official and an Inspector
who shall be appointed by the Board of Supervisors, and such Building Official and such
Building Inspector shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Supervisors, and it shall be