283
have her sisters and her mother to come here. If we support the
Chamber and their endeavors in tourism, maybe this will become a
reality.
At 6:53 Mr. Carter called for a recess until 7:00 p.m.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the meeting for a Joint Public
Hearing with the Planning Commission. Mr. Carter read the
following statement:
This joint public hearing provides property owners with the opportunity to
present their zoning petitions, and concerned citizens with the chance to
speak in support of or against the petitions, before the Appomattox County
Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors.
Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage
in discussion of the petitions. Discussion will take place during the
Planning Commission meeting that will immediate follow the public
hearing.
We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner,
followed by comments from individuals to speak for the petition, and
finally by individuals speaking against the petition. As you approach the
microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham.
Mr. Stidham read the first petition to be heard:
03-519 - Warren E. & Elaine Guill: Conditional use permit to establish
a private cemetery in the R-1 District per ยง170-37(A)(1) of the
Appomattox C ounty Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 660
between Rt. 26 and Rt. 661, Tax Map #38(1)3.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone wished to speak for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Stidham read the next petition.
03-520- Janet F. Moore: Conditional use permit for sale and display of
prefabricated accessory buildings at an existing business in the B-1
District per ยง170-47 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Property is located at the corner of U.S.460 West and Rt. 613, Tax Map
#63(A)3 and 4.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition.
Ms. Janet Moore of Rt. 4, Box 146, Appomattox, Va came forward to
speak for this petition. Ms. Moore is requesting this permit for M & M
Motors.