ned
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Board’s attention to item number nine, the sports complex.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the next step was to have a detailed plan drawn up for the
sports complex showing field layout, parking, etc.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to do an RFP for plans for
the sports complex.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a letter from J. Chapman Petersen, Council Member, City of
Fairfax requesting support for legislation proposed for the 1999 Legislative Session that
would provide for preservation of historic properties such as the Courthouse.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to table this matter until a
later meeting to give the County Attorney an opportunity to look into this and report back
to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called the other members of the Boards’ attention to the landfill report
prepared by Mr. Carroll. (Report on file in the November 2, 1998 Board Book).
Mr. Bosiger next presented a report from Anne Dixon on the Community Center Board’s
meeting.
After discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Bosiger then presented the Planning Commission recommendations concerning
additional dwellings on one lot in A-1. Mr. Bosiger explained that the Planning
Commission was recommending the following change to Section 170-23 as follows:
170-23 — Additional dwelling on single lot.
One (1) additional single-family dwelling may be permitted on the same lot or parcel of
land as that of the main dwelling, upon application an approval as a Conditional Use per
170-6C herein, provided that:
A. The main dwelling is located in an R-2 General Residential District.
B. The additional dwelling conforms to the minimum lot area, minimum lot width, and
maximum lot coverage and yard requirements for such a dwelling as set forth in
Article XIV herein.
C. The arrangement of such additional dwelling is in such a manner that if the lot or
parcel of land is ever divided, no substandard lot or nonconforming building is
created.
D. The additional dwelling has access to public street by means of a passageway open to
the sky at least fifteen (15) feet in width.
Discussion began concerning the present ordinance and the proposed change to the
ordinance.