177
Mr. Stidham called for comments against this petition. Hearing none, Mr. Stidham
turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:05 P.M. Mr. Carter stated that a Public Hearing regarding the Temporary
Relocation of the Registrar’s Office was necessary. Mr. Carter then read the following
statement: The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will conduct a public hearing
for the purpose of receiving comments from the public regarding the temporary
relocation of the Voter Registrar Office from its present locating at 125 Court Street to
office space located in the Health Department Building at 401 N. Court Street. This
temporary relocation is required as a result of the Court construction project.
Mr. Carter called for comments. Hearing none Mr. Carter closed the public hearing at
7:06 p.m. and called for a short recess.
At 7:15 P.M. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting. He had neglected to get a motion earlier
to endorse the Regional Commission Budget Resolution Supporting Tax Reform as
presented by Mr. Gillespie.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to endorse the Region 2000
Regional Commission Resolution Supporting Tax Reform.
REGION 2000 REGIONAL COMMISSION
RESOLUTION SUPPORTING TAX REFORM
WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Regional Commission, representing the ten local
governments in Central Virginia, recognize the Commonwealth is currently experiencing
a recession and as such suffering from a substantial decrease in state revenues, and
WHEREAS, this revenue reduction has caused the Commonwealth to consider
significant reductions in the financial contributions toward State responsible programs
delivered at the local level in order to balance the budget, and
WHEREAS, these reductions will continue to inflict financial pressures on the local
government’s ability to maintain local programs and services that contribute significantly
to the quality of life of its citizens, and
WHEREAS, the local governments, representing the C entral Virginia area, do hereby
affirm that this continued reduction in the Commonwealth’s constitutional responsibility
for the funding of mandated and State responsible programs will have a corresponding
effect via a reduction in the local government’s ability to continue to subsidize these
programs with local dollars, and
WHEREAS, the Regional Commission strongly insists that the 2003 General Assembly
actively demonstrate aggressive and deliberate leadership to address the unrealistic
expectation that local government continue to fund the obligations of State government
by the enactment of meaningful legislation that addresses this issue, and