420
At 6:30 p.m. on Monday, December 15, 2003 the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council and the Appomattox County Planning
Commission held a joint meeting and public hearing in Council Chambers at the
Appomattox Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
J. G. Overstreet — County Attorney
Shawn Armburst — Supervisor Elect — Wreck Island District
Willie Craft — Supervisor Elect - Appomattox River District
Thomas Conrad — Supervisor Elect — Falling River District
At 6:31 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Board of Supervisors meeting and gave the
invocation.
Mr. Carter next stated there was one person who wished to speak during the Citizen
Public Comment Period.
Mr. John Wilson came forward and stated he was going to do something very
uncharacteristic and say something that was non-confrontational as he is feeling
charitable due to the season. He also notices fewer lines on the faces of the outgoing
Supervisors and Mr. Carroll’s face is much smoother and he seems to be much happier.
He wanted to say “Thank You” to the Supervisors and to Mr. Carroll for the hard work
and dedication they have put into their jobs. He reassured each of them that they could do
just as much good outside of the office as they did while serving in their respective
capacities. Mr. Carroll, you may make more money and life may get better. He feels Mr.
Carroll is a very talented young man and he has a lot of admiration for him. He did not
have to agree with all your opinions but he wanted to say thank you very much. Also for
those incoming supervisors he promised to be just as much test a to them as he had been
to the others in the past.
Mr. Carter next stated the Recreational Park Committee has requested to meet with the
Board to provide an update on the progress made to date and the future plans for the
park.
Fred Kruschwitz, Gary Gilliam and Anne Dixon came forward representing the
Recreational Park Committee. Mr. Kruschwitz complimented D. S. Nash Construction
Company on the work performed at the park. There may be a need to do a little ground