279
Mr. Kendrick then made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have the
Courthouse Committee, consisting or Ms. Barbara Williams, Mr. Bill Jamerson,
and Mr. Russell Moore, look into upgrading the old Courthouse and Jail House
to determine what needs to be done to make these facilities safe for public use.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next called attention to the second item on the agenda:
2. FY04 Budget Discussion: This time has been scheduled to allow for
discussion and review of the proposed budget. The public hearing has also been
scheduled for Monday, May 19, at 7:15 p.m.
The Department of Social Services has submitted its proposed budget of
$1,157,316. The latest figure given to Mr. Carroll is $1,125,567 which may or
may not include State and Federal monies. Mr. Carroll is not sure if there is an
increase or decrease in local funding. He will have more direct information by
the board meeting on Monday.
Mr. Carwile had a question regarding the Budget for the Animal Control Officer.
He had requested a new vehicle but at the last meeting, this vehicle was
eliminated, and hopefully held to next year’s budget.
The tourism budget was also discussed. At the present time there is $32,000
allotted for this budget, with $13,000 going to the Chamber of Commerce on the
first of July with no strings attached for tourism. We also budget $5,000 for
brochures for the Chamber. $4,000 is also budget for advertisements in the
Virginia Tourism Guide, the state tourism guide which advertises Appomattox
and the Chamber o f Commerce website. A nother $ 4,300 is budgeted for Lee’s
Retreat which gives us additional marketing with the Virginia’s Civil WarTrails.
They also market the Civil Rights in Education History Trails which will include
2 or 3 stops in Appomattox County. There is also the Railroad Festival and
overtime for the Sheriff's Department to work these festivals.
Mr. Carwile questioned if government funds should be used for a private
organization? This is not a government function. What are we getting in return
for that money spent. He is supportive of tourism, but wonders if there is a way
this money could be spent so as to get better results. Mr. Carwile continued with
it is the Board’s responsibility to see how this money is spent.
Mr. Moore contends that the biggest thing the Chamber of Commerce does is
keeps the Visitors Center open down town.
Mr. Kendrick questions if we are spending County money in a way that all
residents of the county receive the benefits. Money spent on tourism is
speculative and is an investment. These funds may benefit one district but not all
of the districts. When he ran for the Board of Supervisors he ran under the