601
Whereas, the Code of Virginia requires that a Notice of Abandonment be posted in three
(3) locations along the affected road at least 30 days prior to the Resolution of the Board
abandoning this road; and
Whereas, the Code of Virginia also requires that a Notice of Abandonment be published
in the newspaper of local circulation at least two (2) times 30 days prior to the Resolution of the
Board abandoning this road.
Now, Therefore be it Resolved that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
does hereby note receipt of said Petition of Abandonment and agrees to schedule consideration
of said Petition for September 20, 2004, after proper public notification according to the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia, including notification of the Commonwealth Transportation Board.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve adopting the
above resolution to consider abandoning State Secondary Route 710 as
requested by the National Park Service, Appomattox Court House, Appomattox,
Va. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter noted that at this time the Board who hear from Mr. Jim Ennis and
Ms. Renee Maxey, Piedmont Court Services, and Ms. Robyn Allen, VASAP and Mr.
Darryl Puckett. They have requested to meet with the Board to offer an
alternate program for handling community service in Appomattox County court
cases.
Mr. Ennis stated that they were here at the request of Judge Woodson and
Judge Dunkum to request the passage of a resolution authorizing the courts to
use the services of the Piedmont Court Services in Appomattox County.
Piedmont Court Services presently serves the counties of Prince Edward,
Buckingham, Charlotte, Amelia, Lunenburg, Nottoway, and Powhatan.
Cumberland County has passed a similar resolution today. The primary mission
of Piedmont Court Services is to put decisions concerning corrections and the
responsibility for local inmates back in the hands of the localities. It provides
sentencing alternatives to judges, in lieu of incarceration, in order to control local
jail populations. This helps control the expense to localities for maintaining their
jail population. It provides programs the judges would like to have at their
disposal in Appomattox County which they currently have in other jurisdictions
with respect to programs created for domestic violence, shoplifting diversion
programs, drug treatment and other areas, only one of which is community
service. There are a lot of individuals that require no incarceration, but the court
feels there should be some measure of punishment imposed, other than a
finding of guilt and in those cases the court imposes a community service
requirement. Community service is to be performed at a non-profit location,
specifically groups of government entities.