519
answered and possibly offer some assistance to help alleviate this
problem. The committee was to be comprised of two Council Members,
two Board members, two rescue squad members, the Town Manger and
the County Administrator. This committee has met at least once but no
formal action was taken to appoint the Boards representatives. Mr. Carter
and Mr. Craft attended the last meeting.
It is recommended that Mr. Carter and Mr. Craft be appointed to
represent the County on this committee.
Cross Country Hunt Club Turkey Shoots: The Cross Country Hunt
Club is requesting that the cost for their turkey shoots be reduced to
$25.00. The cost stated in the permit application is $25.00 per day. They
made application for each weekend for an entire year, even though they
do not plan to hold an event each weekend.
Staff recommendation is that since we have never collected the $25.00
per day fee from hunt clubs in the past, there is no problem with reducing
their fee to $25.00 for this year.
Spout Spring Ruritan Club Building Permit Fees: Spout Spring
Ruritan Club is requesting that we waive the fees for a building permit
they obtained to add an addition to their bingo building. The total cost of
this permit has been calculated at less than $74.00. Since the Board has
in the past waived fees of this nature for community service organizations,
please approve by consent.
Permit Application for Musical or Entertainment Festival:
Stonewall Vineyards is requesting permission to hold their annual Mayfest
Event on May 8, 2004 during the hours of 2:00 — 6:30 p.m. They are also
requesting the bond requirement be waived. Please approve by consent
since this event has been held for numerous year with no problems.
Proposed Budget Schedule: The County Administrator is requesting
the Board approve the following schedule for budget workshops, public
hearings and budget adoption. If this is not agreeable, provide additional
dates that will work into this time frame.
The figures for the School Board budget will not be available until after
the April 26" Joint Meeting. Also, due to the problem with receiving
funding estimates from the State, you may need to move the due date for
real estate taxes from June 5 to June 25.