159
3. New Elementary School Site: The County Attorney has advised us that before
any interest in real property can be conveyed by a local government, the
governing body must hold a public hearing as per §15.2-1800,B of the Code of
Virginia, on the conveyance and thereafter vote to approve such conveyance. Said
public hearing must be advertised at least seven days before the date set for the
hearing. Staff is requesting authorization to advertise a public hearing on the
conveyance of the new Appomattox County Elementary School property.
Mr. Carwile made a motion that the Board of Supervisors schedule a Public Hearing on
the conveyance of the new Appomattox Elementary School property at the next regularly
scheduled meeting, October og". 2002. Mr. Hancock seconded the motion. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
4. Public Safety Committee: This committee is requesting the Board to fund a
study by a consultant to determine the best method to upgrade the radio system
for use by emergency services agencies. This will be outside the scope of the
Enhanced 911 system but will play a large part in that project’s overall success
once implemented. Also the Board may wish to have a member of this committee
or Mr. Freddy Godsey, Emergency Services Coordinator attend a future meeting
to provide more background information on this subject.
After some discussion this issue was tabled and Mr. Carroll was instructed to invite Mr.
Godsey to attend a future meeting to provide more information.
5. Water Study Recommendation: The Town/County committee established to
conduct the RFP’s for this process are recommending that the firm of Wiley &
Wilson be retained to perform this study for an approximate fee of $38,800.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the RFP from Wiley and
Wilson to perform this study contingent upon approval of the Appomattox Town
Council. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter next called the Board’s attention to the next item on the agenda:
Board Appointments:
6. CEDS (Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy) Committee:
Staff has provided a list of individuals who have agreed to serve on this
committee. The Board needs to appoint these individuals if acceptable. Two (2)
Board members are also needed to serve. The Town of Appomattox and the
Planning Commission will make their respective appointments at an upcoming
meeting.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the recommendation of the
individuals and volunteers who have agreed to serve on the CEDS Committee.