432
community services board with the powers and duties enumerated in Section 37.1-197.A
of the Code of Virginia, 1950 as amended.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger; aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that The Red Oak Hunt Club wished to use the ballpark for a
softball tournament.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Red Oak Hunt Club the
use of the ballpark for a softball tournament with the understanding they purchase the
proper insurance. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Mrs. Carter, Landfill Supervisor, to close the
landfill on July 4, 1998.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow the landfill to close on July
4, 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a
personnel matter.
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:00 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter at 9:13 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
£