587.
Program Committee so that an Overall Economic Development Program could be
developed, adopted, and implemented. Mr. Carroll further explained that the document
was a specific requirement of the Economic Development Administration in order to
receive grant funding.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made the following motion seconded by Mr. Torrence.
To appoint the Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County, Virginia as the
Overall Economic Development Program Committee for Appomattox County and
instruct the committee to develop, adopt, and implement said Overall Economic
Development Program for Appomattox County as this is a requirement to receive
designation as an EDA Redevelopment Area by the Economic Development
Administration of the United States Department of Commerce.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that there was no further action to take at this meeting.
At 5:06 P.M. Mr. Torrence then made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Torrence, aye.
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on February
1, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman - Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mr. Torrence to deliver
the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes of the
public hearings of January 4, 1999 and January 19, 1999; the regular meeting of January