118
10. Landfill Cell “I” Volume report: Latest calculation of remaining volume for Cell “I” as
performed by Hurt & Proffitt.
11. Town of Appomattox: Agenda for Town Council meeting of July 8, 2002.
12. __ Biosolids Report: Report by the National Academics relating to the land application of
Biosolids.
13. Chamber of Commerce: The Chamber of Commerce has sent a Thank You letter for FY03
budget funding.
Mr. Carter called for a short recess followed by the Planning Commission Meeting.
At 7:03 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing with the Planning Commission and Town
Council and read the following statement:
“The Public Hearing is not the proper place for asking questions or engaging in discussion on the
petitions. Only those arguing for or against the petition will be permitted to speak, and any questions
or discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting.”
Mr. Stidham read the following petition:
02-505 - Christina Martin and Jeffrey A. Drinkard: Conditional Use Permit for an off-site
advertising sign per §170-87(E) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located
on Rt. 206 between Rt. 660 and Rt. 608, Tax Map #38(A)72A, and is zoned V-1 Village.
Mr. Stidham asked for comments for or against this petition.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Stidham presented the following amendment to the County Code:
Amendment to Chapter 141, Subdivision of Land. Add new §141-7(E), Family member
exception subdivisions.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this amendment.
The final item, an amendment to the Town Code was presented:
An Ordinance to Amend the Code of the Town of Appomattox by adding in Chapter 74,
Article X, Consisting of Sections 74-293 through 74-323, the new sections relating to the
Regulation of the Siting of Wireless Telecommunications Facilities within the Town of
Appomattox.
Having no one to speak for or against this amendment, the Public Hearing was adjourned at 7:08
P.M.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to enter into a closed meeting per §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of
Virginia, Consultation with legal counsel pertaining to Litigation, Commonwealth vs Board of
Supervisors; Aubrey R. Padgett, III vs Board of Supervisors, Freedom of Information Act; and
O’Brien, etal vs Board of Supervisors, Biosolids Regulations.
At 7:07 P.M., Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into closed meeting for