4.
500
cannot take a 5 or 6 o'clock call and get back in time to get to work. They, the
Rescue Squad, are looking for a solution. The reason they volunteer is to serve
the people of the County and give them the best care possible. Charging for
runs will not help the problem. It will not cut down on the number of runs.
Other points of discussion were: 1) contacting surrounding counties to see how
their paid crews are working; 2) squad members collectively gathering thoughts
and feed back to the Rescue Squad Committee. This committee will probably
meet again the second week in April.
Mr. Spiggle suggested that the Board of Supervisors and the Town Council agree
to meet together at least once a quarter.
Old Elementary School:
A. CVCC Satellite Campus: Meeting with Todd Christianson has been
confirmed for April 6, 2004. There is great progress being made to
keep the existing structure intact without it becoming an eyesore for
the County and Town. Along these lines plans are being made to
establish a CVCC Satellite Campus and the Carver-Price Museum,
along with other entities that will make good use of this facility.
We are pursuing grants in two (2) different areas. DHCD/CDBG
grants. We need to progress forward in order to receive these
grants.
Mr. Carter recognized and thanked Blair Smith for his time and efforts
in helping with this project.
B. Battlefield - Property located behind Old Elementary School:
Mr. Spiggle informed those present that a grant application has been
submitted for the property and Congressman Goode's office is
interested in helping us with the battleground portion of this property.
Mr. Spiggle stressed the importance of the April 6” meeting. We
need to have lots of support for this project at the meeting. DHCD
needs to sense a consensus and a willingness to work together. The
Park Service may be willing to put an interpretive person at the
battlefield. The Virginia Tourism Corporation is also very much
interested in this battlefield. Ralph Earnhart has informed Mr. Spiggle
of the possibility of a land acquisition grant. This would require the
purchaser be a non-profit organization. The Chamber of Commerce is
interested in establishing a foundation.
Mr. Spiggle stated that we have a lot of history to offer the rest of the
country and we need to utilize this. We can become as important as
Williamsburg, Gettysburg and Yellowstone Park, we just need to sell
ourselves.