612
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow the
Appomattox Chamber of Commerce the use of the Courtland Field to hold a Banjo Jam
as a fundraiser as long as the proper proof of insurance is provided. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Emanuel Tire of Virginia for an extension
from the original date set for their departure from the landfill property.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow a six-
month extension, from the October 1999 departure date; contingent upon continued good
reports from D.E.Q. to Emanuel Tire of Virginia for its tire operation at the landfill.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several requests for musical or entertainment festival permits.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to grant a permit for an
entertainment event, to Cross-Country Hunt Club, to hold turkey shoots during 1999 and
waive the bond requirement. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to grant a festival permit to
Appomattox Rangers SCV Camp #1733, to hold a weekend reenactment and waive the
bond requirement. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to issue an entertainment permit to
Stonewall Antique Power Show to hold their annual tractor show and waive the bond
requirement. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several requests for supplemental appropriations.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to make the following supplemental
appropriations:
$23.58 to 3401-5203
41.59 to 7301-5416.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the I.D.A. had requested a transfer of 110,000.00 in order
to begin the final design for the infrastructure to serve Phase I of the Industrial Park.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that $100,000.00 had been approved in the FY99 budget for this
purpose and this would not require an additional appropriation.