619
Mrs. Cestaro stated that two of the part time people work only nine hours per week.
Mr. Bosiger stated that with a full time Librarian there would be an additional 40 hours
per week that the Library Board had not counted on.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to locate a job description and what the
last Librarian’s salary was and make this available to the Board of Supervisors at the next
meeting.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused the members of the Library Board and called on Mrs.
Barbara Bennett to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Barbara Bennett and Mr. Jack Eckert, Regional Renaissance, came forward and
explained that they wished to talk to the Board concerning the County’s participation in
the Regional Renaissance project. Mrs. Bennett explained that she would be happy to
answer any questions that the Board might have concerning the Regional Renaissance
concept.
Questions and answers followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to participate
with Regional Renaissance. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Bennett and Mr. Eckert and called on Mr. Earl
Dickerson with Hurt & Proffitt to appear before the Board.
Mr. Dickerson began that he had three items for the Board to address. Mr. Dickerson
stated that the first was methane vents for the landfill. Mr. Dickerson explained that the
bids were opened on April 29, 1999 and the low bidder was Recovery Drilling Services
with a bid of $37,000.00. Mr. Dickerson continued that everything in their bid was
appropriate, their references were checked and they received excellent recommendations.
Mr. Dickerson explained that the contractor would like to get started the first of next
week if the Board approves the bid.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept
Recovery Drilling Services bid of $37,000.00 to install methane vents at the landfill and
authorize the County Administrator to sign the contract. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Dickerson then stated that on April 13, 1999 the bids for the landfill baling building
and the baler were opened. Mr. Dickerson stated that the low bid for the bailing building
was $468,000.00 from Coleman Adams. Mr. Dickerson continued that the time for