678
Mr. Torrence explained to Ms. Lindsay that someone had complained to him about a
drainage ditch problem on route 701.
Ms. Lindsay said that she would look into this and report back.
Mr. Torrence asked if there was anything that could be done to provide access to a
dwelling near the florist shop in Pamplin to keep them from having to use a private
crossing over the railroad.
Ms. Lindsay explained that she knew of nothing through VDOT that could be done. Ms.
Lindsay went on to say that there were a great number of private crossings in the State
that the railroad would like to close.
Being nothing else for Ms. Lindsay she was thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the members of the Library Board to come forward.
Mr. Bosiger welcomed Mr. Cabiness, Terry Cestaro and Mrs. Miller.
Mrs. Cestaro began by saying that if the funds had been reinstated equal to FY99 then
part of her presentation would not be necessary.
Mr. Bosiger explained that they would be level funded.
Mr. Cabiness explained that the Library Board’s concern was with maintaining the same
level of funding as last year in order not to loose State funding.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the $12,912.00 had been restored to the Library budget under
salaries with the understanding that the Library Board would proceed with hiring a
Certified Librarian in order to receive full State funding.
Mrs. Cestaro explained that the Library Board was interested in making Shawn Chambers
a full time employee with the new budget year. Mrs. Cestaro continued that currently
Mr. Chambers worked 32 hours per week. Mrs. Cestaro provided information
concerning the cost to the County to put Mr. Chambers on full time. Mrs. Cestaro
explained that some of the benefits that would be derived from having this position full
time would be additional help with the summer reading program, a 7% increase in the
number of patrons at the Library, increase of 18% in the number of titles at the Library
and an increase of 36% in the number of volumes in the Library. Mrs. Cestaro concluded
by saying that she felt due to the above mentioned increase a third person was necessary
for the proper operation of the Library.
Mr. Bosiger asked how many people were presently employed at the Library?
Mrs. Cestaro stated that there were presently two full time employees and three part time
employees working at the Library.