593
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the federal government should share with the
states, annually as an entitlement, 50% of the revenues derived from federal oil and gas
development on the Outer Continental Shelf, with 27% being distributed to all coastal
states pursuant to the formula recommended by the OCS Policy Committee to the
Department of Interior in October, 1997, and 23% being distributed to all states through
the Land and Water Conservation Fund and a program of wildlife conservation
initiatives; and
BE IT RESOLVED FURTHER, that Appomattox County Board of Supervisors endorses
the Conservation and Reinvestment Act of 1998 that has been introduced in the United
States House of Representatives (H.R. 417) and the Reinvestment and Environmental
Restoration Act of 1998 that has been introduced in the United States Senate (S.2566)
and recommends its enactment to the Governor of Virginia, the legislature of Virginia,
the Congressional delegates of the State of Virginia, and the entire United States
Congress and the Administration.
Adopted by Appomattox County Board of Supervisors this 1* day of February, 1999.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mecklenburg County Board of Supervisors was
requesting a letter supporting the proceeds received from settlement negotiated with
tobacco companies and the Commonwealth of Virginia be utilized to any extent
necessary to mitigate the adverse impact upon tobacco growers caused by the many
factors that are threatening their future.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the tobacco industry had played a proud role in the history of Appomattox
County, and remains vital to the economic well-being of Appomattox County;
WHEREAS, the tobacco industry is under assault on many fronts, as a result of which the
future for tobacco production in Appomattox County is seriously challenged;
WHEREAS, in the last two years the reductions in flue tobacco allotment quotas have
totaled approximately thirty-four percent (34%);
WHEREAS, under “Master Settlement Agreement” negotiated with tobacco companies,
the Commonwealth of Virginia will receive approximately TWO BILLION AND
NO/100 $2,000,000,000.00 DOLLARS;
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors feels strongly that the
settlement funds received by the Commonwealth of Virginia should be utilized, to any
extent necessary, to mitigate the adverse impact upon tobacco growers caused by the
many adverse factors which now threaten the future of all tobacco growers in the
Commonwealth;