254
Mr. Carter next presented the Administrative Items:
1. Recreational Park Grant:
Staff, the Recreational Park Committee and the Regional Commission have
worked together to draft an application to the Department of Conservation and
Recreation for funding of projects at the park: grading/seeding of soccer fields,
grading/seeding of T-ball fields; grading/paving of the parking areas; water/sewer
development, electricity to serve the park and fencing at the baseball fields. To
date the Community Park Fund has $152,000 with an anticipated $70,000
committed to grading/seeding the initial phase (baseball fields). They have also
secured an additional $60,000 in verbal commitments. The grant will provide a
100% match for local dollars committed. The County must dedicate the metes
and bounds of the park property (100 acres) for recreational purposes and must
commit to the maintenance of the park.
Staff recommends the adoption of the resolution for the grant in the amount of
$150,000 and authorize staff to take the necessary actions to complete the grant
application for submittal.
Mr. Carwile stated he is in agreement and is pleased that things are moving as well as
they are.
Mr. Kendrick questioned the $150,000 request. Why not increase to $200,000?
The discussion continued with the statement being made that if the grant request is not
matched, the County is obligated to make up the difference between what is donated and
the amount of the Grant.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution
with the dollar amount being amended to read $200,000:
WHEREAS, The Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR), provides funds to
assist political subdivisions of the Commonwealth of Virginia in acquiring and
developing open space and park lands; and
WHEREAS, there are urgent needs within A ppomattox C ounty to develop p ark | and;
and
WHEREAS, this area is deemed of high acquisition and development priority by said
Appomattox C ounty and shall be referred to as Appomattox C ounty C ommunity P ark
Project.
WHEREAS, in order to attain funding assistance from DCR, it is necessary that
Appomattox County guarantee that a proportionate share of the cost thereof is available;
and