39
distances for inspection staff, numbers of citizen contacts and complaints, among others; and
WHEREAS, the minority of the House Bill 2827 Advisory Committee recommended a fee of
$4.00 per dry ton on the grounds that using average rates necessarily excludes reimbursable
expenses for localities that exceed the average rates of such factors; and
WHEREAS, the minority has determined that $4.00 per dry ton is an appropriate amount to
establish and maintain a fiscally sound and responsible monitoring program;
AND WHEREAS, the minority has noted that the resources are inadequate at the state level to
properly administer an inspections and monitoring program.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
supports the establishment of a $4.00 per dry ton fee in accordance with the aforementioned
Code of Virginia requirements.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
3. Tobacco Grant: Information has been received regarding the projected funds needed to
refurbish and landscape the current county welcome signs. Upon Board approval, staff
will modify the grant to demonstrate use of funds to complete sign at industrial park,
perform maintenance on current county welcome signs and to pay for the joint water
study with the Town of Appomattox.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to-accept the proposal to refurbish the
current welcome signs, erect new sign at Industrial Park and apply $25,000 to the water study
with the Town of Appomattox. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
4. Proposed Tax Rate: Does the Board wish to adopt a proposed tax rate tonight as per the
budget work plan or wait until more information is available on state revenues?
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to table this item until more information
if available. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
5. VDOT Revenue Sharing Program: Application has been made to VDOT for Revenue
Sharing Funds to be used for road improvements to Country Haven Estates. These funds
will not be available until June 2003.
After some discussion Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the
VDOT Revenue Sharing Program. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.