654
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into the
Memorandum of Understanding with the Town of Appomattox as revised on April 8,
1999 and as follows:
This agreement, made this 12 day of April , 1999, by and between the Town of
Appomattox, a municipal corporation of the Commonwealth of Virginia, hereinafter
referred to as “Town”, party of the first part; and the County of Appomattox and the
Industrial Development Authority of the County of Appomattox, political subdivisions of
the Commonwealth of Virginia, hereinafter referred to as “County” and “IDA”,
respectfully, parties of the second part.
WHEREAS, the Town operates a sewage treatment plant, currently with a capacity of
54,000 gallon per day, which is being increased to a capacity of 300,000 gallons per day,
and
WHEREAS, County and IDA wish to purchase the right to use 146, 000 gallons per day
for industrial/commercial enterprises in the Park, and Town is willing to allocate such use
under the following terms and conditions, and
WHEREAS, the Town operates a water system consisting of 6 wells and an annual
production of approximately 72,000,000 gallons and is willing to sell water to customer
in the industrial park.
NOW THEREFORE WITNESSETH,
I. DEFINITIONS:
A. Operational Costs: Direct costs to the Town for basic functioning and operating its
water or sanitary sewer facilities (i.e. electricity, salaries, equipment, etc.).
B. Industrial Park: The real estate located in the County of Appomattox fronting State
Route 613 (Police Tower Road), State Route 26 and access to Highway 460 located
behind History Junction Shopping Center in Southside Magisterial District
consisting of 575 acres.
C. Maintenance Costs: Costs to the Town as a result of regular care and upkeep for its
water or sanitary sewer systems.
D. Pretreatment Ordinance: That ordinance enacted by the Town to require
pretreatment of commercial and industrial waste entering the Town’s sewage
system, as required by federal and state regulations.
E. Routine maintenance on the water lines consists of the following:
a. Twice a year the hydrants must be flushed and the valves must be operated.
b. Perform yearly inspections on all pressure reducing valves.
c. Perform yearly inspections on the chlorine injectors.
any maintenance that is required above and beyond those items listed above shall be
considered unusual maintenance.
F. Routine maintenance on the sewer lines consists of the following:
a. Twice a year the manholes must be visually inspected.
b. The lines must be checked periodically to make sure none have broken.