O14
H. Wayne Carter, III, Chairman
Old Dominion RC & D Council
250 LeGrande Avenue, Suite F
Charlotte Court House, VA 23923
RE: Civil Rights in Education Heritage Trail
Dear Mr. Carter:
At it’s regular meeting January 19, 1999, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
considered the plans of the Old Dominion Resource Conservation and Development
Council, Inc. (RC&D) for the development of a heritage trail driving tour through
Southside Virginia that tells the story of the role that citizens in Southside Virginia had in
providing equal education for all Americans.
The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to support the concept
of establishing the heritage trail contingent on its review and approval of any local
funding requirements. The Board directed (representative on the core committee) and the
County Administrator to coordinate with Old Dominion RC&D to determine the most
effective and efficient way to proceed with the project as it relates to Appomattox
County.
The regional tourism project has the potential to provide economic benefits to all of
Southside Virginia. If I can be of any further assistance to you on this important project,
please contact me. Thank you.
Sincerely,
a
Dek (Soya, _, Chairman
Appomattox County Béard of Supervisor
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger presented a request from Green Thumb, Inc. for a $200.00 Host Agency
Payment for allowing Green Thumb to place a person at the Community Center. After
discussion, no action was taken.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Ms. Linda Bachman, VHDA, that the County
purchase a computer for the Office of Rental Assistance. Mr. Bosiger continued that Ms.
Bachman had explained that the goal of VHDA was to have each office equipped with a
computer within the next six months. Ms. Bachman explained several options for the
purchase of such a computer and that the cost to purchase through VHDA was $1800.00.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Chairman and stated that he would like to say up front that this
being an area that he considered a conflict of interest, this VHDA housing rental, he