110
prospective engineering firms.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve the Water Study RFP for
advertisement, and possible minor changes by the joint committee. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Samuel E. Carter to serve on the
Joint Committee for the Water Study RFP advertisement, review and interviewing of prospective
engineering firms. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye.
35 Biosolids Ordinance Amendment: Having held a Public Hearing on June 17, 2002 to receive
comments concerning the proposed amendment (replacing livestock, dairy or poultry wording to
farming) to the biosolids ordinance. No comments were received for or against this proposed
change.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the proposed amendment to the
biosolids ordinance as presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
4. Burn Ban: Due to the extremely dry weather and the increased possibility of brush fires, staff
is asking the Board to consider the establishment of a burn ban on open fire and urge extreme caution
in the use of fireworks on July 4". Staff will work with local fire department and forestry officials to
determine when the environmental conditions will allow the lifting of this ban.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to institute a Burn Ban
of any open fires until environmental conditions allow said ban to be lifted. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
5. Board Appointments:
A. Road Viewers: The Board needs to appoint Road Viewers for the coming year. Those
persons appointed last year may be re-appointed if they are willing to serve again.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to table this issue until the next meeting.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
B. Library Board: Mrs. Ann Miller no longer wishes to serve on the Library Board. Ms.
Gibbs is requesting that Mr. Jan Peterson be appointed to fill this vacancy. Mr. Peterson has
agreed to serve is appointed.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint Mr. Jan Peterson to serve on the
Library Board. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.