135
They wish to have the new courthouse located on the present site, thereby eliminating the upkeep on
two different buildings. Also, several people have expressed the idea that there will be ways and
means to finance the costs of upkeep and renovation on the old building.
Mr. Carter made a motion that the referendum be done away with and a new courthouse building be
placed on the present site. Mr. Kendrick seconded the motion.
Mr. Kendrick also stated that he did not want to tear down the old building but the County cannot
financially afford to build a new building and maintain the old buildings. Maybe the County could
sell some property to raise funds.
Mr. Carwile stated he was not sure he understood the motion. Was it to tear down the Courthouse
facade and also the other structures on the courthouse square? He is not in favor of this. He also
questions the cost of demolition and the relocation of offices and courts presently using the old
building. Mr. Carwile then proposed a substitute motion to place the new courthouse on the Hunter
property and save the present buildings and do away with the referendum.
Mr. Carter called for a second. Motion dies for the lack of a second.
Mr. Moore commented that the reaction from the people was a flat NO to demolish the old
courthouse. Therefore, he cannot support the motion to tear it down.
Mr. Carter then amended his original motion to clarify what was meant by destruction of buildings,
he included the c ourthouse, c lerk’s 0 ffice and the o ffice of the Treasurer and Commission of
Revenue. The old Jail would be taken apart and moved to Clover Hill Village.
Mr. Kendrick seconded the amended motion.
Mr. Hancock stated that for the long term and future, he is leaning toward a new courthouse. In 1997
the supervisors had a choice, now it has been too long. We should have built a courthouse in 2000,
we need to move forward and stop looking back.
Mr. Carwile questioned Mr. Hancock as to exactly where he thought the new courthouse should be
built, the present location or the Hunter property. Mr. Hancock’s reply was that was not relevant to
the motion.
Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion before the board to tear down the existing courthouse, the
clerk’s office, Treasurer’s/Commissioner of Revenue building and move the old jail/museum to
Clover Hill Village where it will be reassembled. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr.
Moore, nay; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
4. Public Comment Period: This issue was discussed at the last meeting and staff is asking the
Board to approve the establishment of a public comment period with the staff recommended
guidelines.