379
Judge Kerr’s retirement buyback. Mr. Bosiger continued that the information provided at
that time by VRS was inaccurate and that the cost to the County for Judge Kerr’s
retirement was triple what was approved previously.
A lengthy discussion followed, with the consensus of the Board being that they did not
feel this was the County’s responsibility.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Appomattox County has employed persons in various jobs both full time
and part time from time to time, and
WHEREAS, employees of the County received all benefits allotted and allocated to them
at the time of their employment with the County.
WHEREAS, the Virginia Retirement System has determined that previous employees
may have been eligible for retirement benefits at the time of their employment, and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County made a good faith to provide for its employees all
benefits as represented at the time of their employment, and
WHEREAS, the State Compensation Board refuses to make a contribution for retirement
benefits that the Virginia Retirement System claims that previous employees are eligible
to receive.
NOW THERERORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors at its recessed meeting on March 9, 1998, voted unanimously to deny any
future claims for retirement benefits from former county employees, constitutional
officers, and their staff. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had anything else for discussion.
Mr. Carwile began that he had been in contact with USA Waste of Virginia and they
would like to meet with the Board to discuss the possibility of a transfer site in
Appomattox County. Mr. Carwile asked the other members of the Board to allow USA
Waste of Virginia 30 minutes on the agenda for the April 6, 1998 meeting, to present
their proposal.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to allow U.S.A. Waste of
Virginia a 30-minute slot for the April 6, 1998 meeting. Mr. Carwile was going to notify
USA Waste of Virginia of this appointment.
Mr. Carwile explained that the Courthouse roof needed to be repaired and recommended
Mr. Martin proceed with getting prices.