10
used for some other application if we decide not to use it for the welcome signs. He does not feelit will take $45,000 to put up a new sign on Route 60 at Bent Creek or relocate the one sign onRoute 460 east.
Mr. Carroll will check on this and report back to the Board.
Mr. Carwile would like to amend the motion to let the Women’s Society to do the cosmetic
work. The sign at Spout Spring has been beautified with a planter box and shrubbery. Can weestablish a fund to pay for materials?
Mr. Kendrick amended his motion to use volunteers to accomplish the refurbishing of these
Gateway Signs.
Also may need the volunteers to draw up consistency in shrubs, such as evergreens that are green
in the summer and turn red in the winter.
Mr. Carter would like to have the word “TO” added to the signs. Mr. Moore stated it would not
work, would not be symmetrical.
Mr. Carter called for a vote on Mr. Kendrick motion. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr .Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
3. Biosolids Ordinance: Earlier in the evening the Board received comments regarding the
proposed biosolids ordinance already in effect as an emergency ordinance at the last
meeting. What does the Board wish to do at this time?
Mr. Carwile stated he had heard from several people wanting to know why wasn’t an ordinance
in place before the emergency ordinance was enacted? He felt the Board was trying to get more
information from the people and trying to determine what the General Assembly would do. The
Board was not just setting there doing nothing. Senator Ruff was instrumental in getting the
committee to put this General Assembly action off for a year. With all of this information the
Board was able to make a proposed ordinance that was for the good of all the people in the
County without bring on litigation.
Mr. Carwile would like to amend the ordinance as proposed by Mr. Wingfield and others or go
into court with a list of reasonable restrictions and let them be argued out.
Mr Kendrick stated in addition to what Mr. Carwile had said, the Board also appropriated the
money to join a lobbying effort with other counties at the General Assembly. The people are not
saying “restrict”, they are saying “ban” and let’s fight it. They are disappointed in the legislature
and the judicial system for not doing what the people want done. Every time you try to govern,