639
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting and explained that Mr. Hal Craddock had done the
preliminary work on the Health Department roof and that he had asked Mr. Craddock to
explain his proposal to the Board.
Mr. Craddock went over the proposal and answered questions concerning his proposal.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that Mr. Craddock
proceed with plans, specifications, and bids for the roof work at the Health Department.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked if anyone had questions for Mr. Craddock concerning the
courthouse?
Mr. Carwile stated that he agreed with Mr. Craddock that the dollar difference in the two
options for the Courthouse did not amount to much. Mr. Carwile continued that the way
he saw this issue was renovate or new put it on a referendum and let the people decide.
Mr. Carwile continued that the dilemma was in the Boards hands as to what they were
going to do to keep peace among the people and keep harmony and do the best thing for
all.
Mr. Torrence spoke up and stated that since the Board had already decided the plan of
action would be to vote on this issue on April 5, 1999 he felt that was what should be
done. Mr. Torrence continued that he could personally see no reason to go with a
referendum unless the Board decided to go with new and then a referendum would be
required to move the courthouse across the street. Mr. Torrence stated that he felt the
Board should be prepared to make the decision on the courthouse on April 5.
Mr. Carter stated that he had just a couple of things to say. He continued that there was
not a shadow of a doubt in his mind that this issue did not need to go on a referendum.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt they were elected to make these decisions and that they
needed to do their job and make the decision. Mr. Carter asked Mrs. Ferguson to give
them the latest information available for the two options in order for them to review it
prior to the April 5, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Moore began that as far as he could tell no one but the members of the Historical
Society wanted to build a new Courthouse. Mr. Moore continued that we could put all
parking across the street if necessary. Mr. Moore agreed that this issue did not need to go
as a referendum on the ballot.
Mrs. Ferguson explained that she had contacted the Department of Historic Resources
concerning grants for restoration of the Courthouse. Mrs. Ferguson explained that she
had been informed that there were grants available from the general assembly to restore