471
DEPARTMENT OF RECREATION
WHEREAS, the Department of Conservation and Recreation provides funds to
assist political subdivisions of the Commonwealth of Virginia by providing the
Virginia Recreation Trails Fund Grant for hiking trails at the Appomattox
Community Park; and
WHEREAS, there are urgent needs within Appomattox County to build hiking
trails; and
WHEREAS, it is fitting that we build these hiking trails to highlight the
Appomattox Community Park for constructive, creative and meaningful free-time
activities; and
WHEREAS, we are more aware than ever before of the importance which leisure
activities will have in our future lives and in the lives of our children and
grandchildren;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE APPOMATTOX COUNTY
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS that the County wholeheartedly supports the grant
application of the County of Appomattox and hereby urges the Department of
Conservation and Recreation to look favorably upon this application and fund the
project as outlined there by improving the quality of life of all citizens of our
county.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Request to Abandon Roads: At the last meeting, the Board tabled a request
from Raymond A. Mirra, Jr. and Gigi Jordan to abandon portions of State Roads
721 and 671 in the northwest quadrant of the County. Mr. Overstreet has
suggested that, pursuant to the Code of Virginia, the enclosed resolution should
be adopted and a Notice of Abandonment be advertised in February. Mr.
Overstreet also suggests that this Notice state that the Board will consider this
issue at the April 5, 2004 meeting.
Recommendation is that the Resolution be adopted and that the Board schedule
consideration of this request for April 5, 2004.
Mr. Conrad stated he has visited the area on Monday. Mr. Mirra now owns all the
property and it is basically woodland. There is no reason why the State should pay for
maintaining this section of the roads.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the following
resolution:
RESOLUTION TO CONSIDER
ABANDONING PORTIONS OF TWO