331
trucks load. The dust problem in the unpaved area will be treated with calcium chloride
and water from washing out the trucks. The landscaping would be conducive to adjoining
a business district rather than an industrial district.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve Petition #03-524 —
John A. Masserini for reasons of public necessity, convenience, general welfare and
good zoning practice to re-zone a parcel of land located off U. S. 460 between Rt. 609
and Rt. 667 from B-1 Business to M-1 Industrial. WOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye, and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to also approve Conditional Use
for Petition #03-524- John A. Masserini, amended as follows: to alleviate any dust and
aesthetics that are conducive to a business environment. A vegetative buffer shall be
planted along the length of the side property lines for a minimum width of 5 feet. Buffer
shall consist of trees a minimum of 6 feet in height (Leyland cypress recommended) and
shall be maintained as a screen throughout the life of the approved conditional use.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Welcome Signs: Mr. Kendrick had requested an update on the refurbishing of
the County Welcome Signs. Refurbishing has been completed along with
landscaping. Question was raised regarding signs being placed on Route 60 at
Bent Creek. Estimated cost of new signs is $3,000 to $4,000 and no Tobacco
Grant money is available as the remainder has been obligated to the water study.
Also easement for placement of the signs and possible VDOT approval will be
needed.
Mr. Kendrick stated he thought he had approached the subject of the present welcome
signs, the replacement of the sign on U.S. 460 at Pamplin and the placing of signs on
U.S. 60 as motorists do not know when they enter Appomattox County from Buckingham
County or Nelson County with these being funded with the Tobacco Grant funds. If we
are going to attract tourists, we need to have something indicating you are entering
Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore stated he does not recall a motion being made to place signs on U.S. 60.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to erect welcome signs on U.S. 60
in Bent Creek at the Nelson County line as well as U.S. 60 at the Buckingham County
line. Also relocate the sign on U.S. 460 near the Pamplin Exxon closer to the County
Line. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. 2003 VDEM Equipment Grant: Information has been received concerning this
grant that could provide $107,055.00 towards an interoperable public safety radio
system. The Public Safety Commission has identified this as a critical need.