142
subsequent vote would in fact achieve that reasoning. However, this vote, like others before it, metwith opposition. Tonight he is going to offer one last proposal that will save the Old Courthouse andsave Courtland Field for community use. Mr. Moore proposed that we build the new courthousebehind the existing courthouse and continue to use the Old Courthouse instead of. mothballing it. Theproposed new courthouse would face the Hunter property, which would become a parking lot. Atsome point in time the Old Courthouse could be attached to the new courthouse to comply with ADArequirements. Judge Poston has already given permission to this plan, should the prevailing BoardMembers rescind the August 17, 2002 vote and approve this proposal. This proposal came to himout of the clear blue skye.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Hal Craddock and Shann Arrington of Craddock-Cunningham ArchitecturalPartners to come forward. Mr. Craddock and Mr. Arrington were present to discuss the demolishingof the Old Courthouse. However, this was not to be discussed at this time. Mr. Carter asked Mr.Craddock to address the feasibility of Mr. Moore=s proposal.
Mr. Craddock stated he was surprised that this suggestion had not come out prior to now, but he feelsit is an excellent idea. You will recall the Commonwealth=s plan was to add on to the existingbuilding but this courtroom would become basically a waiting room or a means to access therestrooms, etc. in the building. Many felt this would demean the historical significance of this room.
Mr. Moore=s plan puts the additions on the back and this portion of the building acts as a facade andcan still be used for meetings, etc., with the entrance to the new courthouse being located elsewhere.
This plan would, of course, necessitate moving the parking lot to the other property. Bybuilding onthe back, we would not have to decorate the building as much. Mr. Craddock feels everyone willagree that this is a good solution.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt that he was the only supervisor not in the light of what was beingdiscussed and obviously this plan was not put together tonight at this table. He recalls the judge asstating, we could not renovate. He feels this plan would be separating just enough to not fall in therenovation category. He feels all the supervisors should have been involved in this new plan prior totonight=s meeting. He was not involved. Does he understand that the present courtroom will not beincluded in any way in this new plan. He would also like to know how we can obtain the squarefootage that is necessary without using the present courtroom.
Mr. Craddock feels that we can obtain this by what is known as the stacking mechanism. This
location lends itself better to accommodate the holding cells and the sally port for the prisoners. Hewas surprised that this arrangement had not come to light earlier and he feels this is a good solution.
Of all the options we have on the table at this time, this plan appears to be the best.
Mr. Carter excused Mr. Craddock.
Mr. Carter stated that due to the respect he has for his fellow board members and the citizens of thisCounty, he will not go into a short story regarding the A Courthouse Saga@.
Mr. Carter made a motion to rescind the motion made and voted on, in August 2002, to tear downthe existing courthouse structure. By doing so, he hopes we can work together for the better of this
county to achieve a courthouse we can all be proud of. Mr. Kendrick seconded the motion.