481]
and the Second option would be to construct a new Courthouse across the street in the
Courtland Field.
After questions and answers and a lengthy discussion, a work session was scheduled for
October 6, 1998 at 7:30 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger next read a letter from Ms. Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer to Mayor
Spiggle responding to Mr. Spiggle’s concern with the railroad crossing at the lower end
of Main Street.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to support the Town of
Appomattox in whatever manner was necessary to help them get the problem with the
railroad crossing at the lower end of Main Street corrected.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that there were several recommendations that had come from
various sources that needed to be discussed to see if they were matters the Board of
Supervisors wished to refer to the Planning Commission for recommendations.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the first item was an issue that he had presented from
concerns he had received from citizens in his district. Mr. Bosiger continued that the
citizens in his district were concerned with the number of mobile homes that could be
placed on one parcel of property in A-1. Mr. Bosiger stated that some of our neighbors,
such as Charlotte County, had serious problems with the manner in which mobile homes
were being placed on parcels of property in that County. Mr. Bosiger asked if the other
members of the Board had comments concerning this issue.
Mr. Carter explained that he had ridden over in the area near Central Baptist Church and
that he was amazed at the number and quality of mobile homes that he had seen. He felt
that this was a problem that needed to be looked into.
Mr. Torrence stated that he remembered similar situations that had come about since he
had been on the Board and he felt that there needed to be some definite controls on this
type development. He closed by stating that he would like to refer this to the Planning
Commission for their recommendation.
Mr. Carwile commented that he was not in total disagreement with the comments that
had been made but at the same time he felt that it was upon the Board not to do anything
that would harness people who could not afford to live in a one hundred thousand dollar
home. Mr. Carwile continued that it appeared to him that mobile homes were looked
down upon and that there were a lot of people who could not afford to live in anything
other than a mobile home. He stated that he had no problem with the Planning
Commission looking at this issue but he did not want to be a part of anything that would
harness the people that could not afford a home. My Carwile stated that he felt that
zoning was in place and that the Supervisors were comfortable with it as it was.