24
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 6:50 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick, seconded by Mr. Moore the Board adjourned the
Recessed meeting from March 9, 2002. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
On March 11, 2002 at 6:50 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a Budget Work
Session at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox,
Va. The purpose of this work session is to meet with the constitutional officers, independent
agencies, special requests and department heads to go over proposed budgets and requests.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ABSENT: Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 6:50 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and called the School Board forward:
PRESENT: (School Board): Lannis Selz, Earl Pickett, Amy Martin, R. W. Mitchell, Clifford
Rhodenizer, Dr. Krug and Billy Perrow.
Mr. Pickett stated the budget submitted was based on what the School Board felt was the needs
for this coming year and included the following items: VRS rates, new Life Insurance rates, the
Retired Health Care Credits, and new software for Payroll/Accounting; Summer School increase,
match for part-time Career Counselor (which is matching funds), and a 30% increase in Health
Insurance. It also included a step increase for Classified Administrative employees and a step for
Assistant Principals. The Board felt this was what was needed to carry on operation of the School
System, plus the one time debt service increase.
Mr. Carter called attention to the 13% increase overall; the decrease in the ADM to 2,320; the
revised projections; the State projections will be available around the 15" of the month and the
composite figure is down.