145
suggested that a committee be set up to work with the Judge on this proposed plan.
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Bill Jamerson to address the Board. Mr. Jamerson was also scheduled to
discuss the Courthouse issue. He stated he had sat where the Board members were sitting and there
are always tough decisions and he admires the Board for doing the right thing. Many times you have
information that cannot be conveyed to the general public and you have to act on what information
you do have. He is hopefully that the petitions will go away, this petition was presented to many
citizens as a petition to save the Courthouse, this was not true, it was in fact, a petition to locate the
courthouse on the property across the street.
He agrees that a small committee should be appointed to work with the Judge and the architect to
develop the new plans. He feels that Ms. Barbara Williams should serve on this committee. He also
suggested that the County Attorneys were not furnishing the Board with good information. He feels
we should fire the attorneys.
Mr. Carter stated that in light of results of the discussion on the Courthouse, a Closed Session would
not be necessary tonight.
Mr. Kendrick stated he felt a motion was necessary to set up the committee to work with the Judge
and the Architect in regards to the new courthouse plans.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion, seconded by Mr. Carwile to set up a committee to oversee the planning
of the new courthouse project. T his committee to consist of Ms. Barbara Williams, Mr. Bill
Jamerson, one (1) Board Member and Judge Blanton. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. Russell Moore to serve on the
proposed committee as the representative from the Board of Supervisors. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
3: Courthouse Purchase Proposal: With the proposal to build the new courthouse on the
present courthouse property, the proposal from John & Patsy Wilson to purchase the A
Courthouse Square@ and the old Courthouse building, will be eliminated at this point in time.
4. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has recommended
approval of the petitions heard at the August 19", 2002 Public Hearing.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for reasons of public necessity,
convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, the following petition:
02-506 - Robert Stephens: Pr-zone property from A-1 Agricultural to R-1 Residential per '170-8 of
the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 703 between US 460 and Rt.
685, Tax Map #62(2)6. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.