43
Mr. Byrd was very instrumental in the discussion with Mr. Smith and they were very fruitful
discussions. The proposal was favorable to the Commonwealth however they did make a few
changes. Mr. Cornwell then went over the changes negotiated and the agreement to see if these
proposals were agreeable with the Board of Supervisors.
APPOMATTOX COURTHOUSE LITIGATION
OUTLINE OF PROPOSED SETTLEMENT
1. Stay of Litigation for 60 days:
a. No discovery;
b. No motions and;
Cc: No other proceedings, other than relating to resolution issues.
2. Each party to bear own costs going forward regardless of outcome.
3. Architects shall meet and attempt resolution and formulate a joint recommendation (as to
both a renovation of the existing courthouse and the construction of a new courthouse)
with cost estimates within 30 days. In attempting to formulate the joint recommendation,
the architects shall be governed solely by their professional expertise and judgement, and
shall not be constrained by the views of either party. The deliberations of the architects in
connection with the joint recommendation process are in the nature of settlement
negotiations and shall be inadmissible in this or any other litigation.
4. Parties will have 30 days from submission of the joint recommendation to approve or
reject it.
3. If the joint courthouse plan is agreed to and the Board of Supervisors seeks first to build a
new courthouse:
a. Construction of New Courthouse submitted to Referendum;
b. Stay continues until November 2002 Election results of Referendum are certified;
Cc: If Referendum passes, new court house construction commences upon financing,
and in no event later than December 31, 2003; and
d. If Referendum fails, the Board of Supervisors agrees to construct pursuant to
renovation plan in joint recommendation.
6. If the architects cannot agree to a joint recommendation within 30 days, or if the parties
do not approve the joint recommendation within 60 days, then this matter will be tried
before Judge Poston no later than June 15, 2002.
7. Once construction has begun on an agreed plan (whether renovation or new courthouse),
the Commonwealth shall withdraw its Motion for Costs and both parties agree to bear
their own costs and expenses in this litigation.