617
3) That this resolution merely expresses the intent of the Board of Supervisors of
Appomattox County at this time and is non-binding on this Board or future boards and is not an
appropriation nor obligation of public funds.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Be 2004 State Homeland Security Program: Grant application for funds from the
federal government channeled through Virginia Department of Emergency Management
has been received. Need to adopt resolution designating the County Administrator as
agent for said grant.
DESIGNATION OF APPLICANTS AGENT RESOLUTION
BE IT RESOLVED BY
The Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County
(Governing Body) (Public Entity)
THAT
Aileen T. Ferguson County Administrator
(Name of Incumbent) (Official Position)
Is hereby authorized to execute for and in behalf of a public entity established under the laws of
the State of Virginia, this application and to file it in the appropriate State Office for the purpose
of obtaining certain Federal financial assistance hinder the OJP, National Domestic Preparedness
Office Grant Program(s), administered by the Commonwealth of Virginia.
That, a public entity established under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, hereby
authorizes its agent to provide to the Commonwealth and to the Office of Justice Programs (OJP)
for all matters pertaining to such Federal financial assistance any and all information pertaining to
these Grants as may be requested.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to adopt the 2004 State Homeland Security
Program and name the County Administrator as agent. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Request for donation to the reenactment scheduled for April 2005: This item was
tabled from previous meeting.
Mr. Armbrust stated the re-enactment was a good thing, but he feels it is more of a hobby — like
a golf tournament. He has done some research and found that this event does not increase the
revenue of the town and not as many persons were in attendance as reported. Majority of
workers are stated to have volunteered their labor and equipment — but still these appear on
financial statement. Mr. Armbrust also stated we have given them a donation for the past two
years and it is now time for them to be on their own.
Mr. Conrad stated he too felt there were discrepancies in the report. The Board granted a
request for $3,500 for the purpose of liability insurance. The report shows $1,400 was actually
spent for this insurance. It seems like a lot of expense for food for individuals that are coming
here to participate in what is to them a hobby.
Mr. Craft agreed with Mr. Armbrust and Mr. Conrad. Also, when he made the motion to give
them the $3,500 for insurance, he did not realize they would be able to obtain this insurance for
half that amount. If they, indeed, made a profit they should be able to hold these monies over
for next year.