605
non-conforming use of the property is vested. Mr. Lawson gave an explanation of
vested. Mr. Lawson continued that the only non-conforming use that can be vested in his
opinion would be another wood yard operation and that operation would have had to have
been started within two years of Mr. Schewel ceasing his operation. Mr. Lawson stated
that there had been some discussion that Mr. Schewel had storage trailers on this property
when he was operating the wood yard. Mr. Lawson stated that the law explained that a
use that was incidental to the primary use could not be grandfathered in. In closing Mr.
Lawson stated that you cannot replace one non-conforming use with another non-
conforming use.
Mr. Torrence asked Mr. Lawson where that left the Board?
Mr. Lawson stated that he felt Mr. Moore should be instructed to move the storage vans
within 10 days. Mr. Lawson continued that if Mr. Moore did not comply then the Board
may have to take further action. Mr. Lawson stated as a last resort the Board could
request the Court for an injunction.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to have the
County Attorney write Mr. Moore’s attorney a letter explaining that he must move his
trailers within 10 days from the date of the letter and to explain to Mr. Moore that it has
been determined that he does not have vested rights for this type use of this property.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was in order to discuss a personnel
matter and land acquisition.
At 8:08 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter and land acquisition. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence at 8:40 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and