459
At 8:50 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to enter into closed
session as per §2.2 — 3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of
personnel matters: 1) consideration of candidates for employment and 2) performance
and salaries of existing employees and §2.2 - 3711 A.7 for discussion of legal matters
pertaining to Biosolids. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 9:58 p.m. Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to return to open
session. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye:
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2 — 3711 A.1 of the Code
of Virginia, for the purpose of discussion of personnel matters: 1) consideration of
candidates for employment and 2) performance and salaries of existing employees and
§2.2 — 3711 A.7 for discussion of legal matters pertaining to Biosolids.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter asked if there was any business to be discussed as a result of the closed
session.
Mr. Carter made the following motion:
MOTION TO APPROVE SETTLEMENT
I Move that the Board agree to settle the case O’Brien v. Appomattox County on terms
approved by the County's insurer, in which the insurer agrees to pay a portion of the
plaintiff's attorneys fees in the amount of $225,000.00, and further move that counsel
for the Board and the Acting County Administrator are authorized to sign all necessary
papers for the settlement; provided that our attorneys review and approve all legal
documents and insure that the County is released from any further liability or litigation
with the plaintiffs in this case; and further provided that this motion does not authorize
the expenditure of any County funds.
Mr. Craft seconded this motion. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter reminded the Board of Upcoming Meetings:
Regular Meeting