606
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was action necessary from the Board?
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Board hire Hurt & Proffitt,
Inc. to provide an engineering study on two potential school sites and have Jim Nolen do
appraisals on these sites. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to
adjourn until 7:00 P.M. on February 22, 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
JeeM Artge,
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
Having been duly advertised in accord with the Code of Virginia, a public hearing of the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on February 22, 1999 at 7:00 P.M. in
the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Tina D. Carter — Landfill Supervisor
Mr. Bosiger called the public hearing to order at 7:00 P.M. Mr. Bosiger explained that
the public hearing was being held in accordance with the Department of Environmental
Quality’s requirements when applying for a Permit by Rule. Mr. Bosiger continued that
the public hearing was being held to inform concerned citizens of Appomattox County of
the proposed Solid Waste Baling operation for the County Landfill.