563
On Monday, June 7, 2004 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting in the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA. 24522
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie E. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ABSENT: Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:32 P.M. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
7:30 appearance - Lief Aagard —- Telecom Management Group - move to
last on the Agenda (Closed session)
Add Supervisor Concerns after closed session.
Next on the agenda was Citizens Comment Period: This time is provided by
the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or
concern to the citizens.
Lela Mann - Ms. Mann wishes to speak against the proposed water line. She is
speaking for a lot of senior citizens, with low income. She wanted to know who
was going to pay for this water line and who was going to be responsible for it?
Is Lynchburg going to come down and keep it up or is Appomattox going to keep
it up? Will our taxes be going up? We have a lot of citizens with low incomes
and she is one of them. She is definitely against this project.
John Wilson — Mr. Wilson stated he is here once more to protest the Board’s
efforts and decisions regarding the piping of water from Lynchburg to
Appomattox. Despite the risk of being considered a pest, he will continue to
voice his objections to this expensive and ill-considered project. He will continue
urging the Board to pursue a course of action that will enable Appomattox to
supply, treat and control its own water and sewage. He will continue asking the
Board to invest.in our people and not burden them with taxes to finance projects
that benefit other counties, Region 2000 or a few landowners along US 460