383
they get some indication from the Board that the Board is willing to approve this if it is
feasible. All this will have to be permitted by the Health Department and they do not
know what system will be suitable and how it will impact them. They may lose a few
lots in one place to allow for the mass drain fields and if so they will take those lots and
move them to another piece of the property. They also talked about having a storage tank
on the property and the location of this storage tank could be an impact that the Board
does not want. How can we mitigate their issue of not wanting to spend any dollars on
engineering and get this petition approved at the minimum costs with the minimum
information provided and also the Board’s desire, in a zoning situation, to have as much
information as possible when we go into that. What we came up with and what we are
still working on and need to talk to the developer about is the possibility that if certain
milestones are not met in that development, then the conditional use permit will be pulled
from the property.
The developer understood that his petition would not be acted upon at this meeting. This
is just informational material to make the Board aware of where this petition stands at
this time.
Mr. Kendrick questioned what the County needs do to determine what the needs of the
County are and how we can provide for these needs — basic infrastructure.
Mr. Carwile feels the Board is getting into things that may happen in the future, that we
have no control over and the Board should go ahead and consider this petition.
It is staff's intent to present at the next meeting something for the Board to consider that
will address having a satisfactory private water and sewer s ystem on this property, as
well as some of the other questions presented by the Board.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns: (Item 19)
Mr. Carwile was concerned about the invitation to the Pamplin Town Depot regarding the
presentation of the grant monies for their town sewer system not reaching him before the
event took place.
He also has some question about the landfill. He was informed that this would be
covered in a closed session.
Mr. Carter stated the need to enter into a closed session per §2.2-3711A.5 of the Code of
Virginia for the purpose of discussing a perspective business with no previous
announcement being made.
At 8:30 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into a close
session per §2.2-3711A.5 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a
perspective business with no previous announcement being made. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)