At 7:50 p.m. Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Harrup and called a five (5) minute recess.
At 7:55 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the session and called Mr. Jerry Earnhardt,
Executive Director, Crisis Line of Central Virginia to address the Board.
Mr. Earnhardt gave the Board of brief overview of their operation and the programs
offered. They served about 254 people from Appomattox County last year who called
their Crisis Hot Line for some reason or another. Some of their programs include:
Suicide Intervention; Chatter Line — a public safety newsletter to school children; a Call
in Program for children at home alone and homework help; Teen Talk a 24 hr. crisis line
for teens; Telecare — a callout program to check on the elderly and home bound (5 from
Appomattox); Sexual Assault Response Program — 21 active clients, 2/3 were children.
Crisis Line of Central Virginia operates with a small paid staff and some volunteers.
Mr. Earnhardt stated they had been hit hard by funding cuts from United Way,
Community Services Board and the State. They would appreciate any donation that the
Board can see fit to give them.
Mr. Carter next called Johnson Bowles, Director - Longwood Center for the Visual
Arts to present their budget request to the Board.
Ms. Bowles thanked the Board for allowing her to present her request. She gave a brief
background of what they do and how they serve the citizens of Appomattox County and
everyone in the central Virginia locality. They are located permanently in the Old
Peebles Building located on Main Street in Farmville. They are open to the public and
admission is free. Last year approximately 20,000 people took part in their activities.
They receive no State funding and Longwood only provides % of their funding. The rest
is provided through other sources.
They have a lot of school tours, both with the Schools and the Head Start program. They
have a significant African collection as well as well as Chinese art, etc. They want to
continue to provide this service free of charge. They would be grateful to the Board for
any contributions.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Bowles and called Barry Lyons, Director of the Small
Business Development Center to address the Board.
Mr. Lyons stated that they work with small businesses to answer questions and help them
face the problems they have everyday, to help them fill out paper work and put together
loan packages, business plans or whatever their needs may be. Most of the businesses in
our region, including Appomattox County are small businesses employing less than 20
employees. Therefore, they do not have the staff or resources to accomplish these
necessary tasks. We do not make decisions for these business owners but we are a voice
to give them some ideas of what they can make. We have been providing these services