217
Mr. Mitchell is requesting that the Board provide support to a CDBG (Community
Development Block Grant) application in the form of waived landfill fees for the project.
The Board approved a similar request with certain stipulations last year.
Mr. Mitchell provided a project status update on the East Pamplin project. The tipping
fee waiver granted last year was a factor in the Town of Pamplin receiving this grant.
They are doing two things at the same time, the housing redevelopment and sewer
development and for property blight clearance. They started in the East Pamplin area and
are now moving into the West Pamplin area. Mr. Mitchell provided documents outlining
the status o f these projects as well as the various funding sources. Mr. Mitchell also
displayed a map of the Town of Pamplin detailing the East & West project boundaries.
Mr. Mitchell stated they will also comply with waste segregation categories. They are
also working to reduce the actual amount of waste.
Mr. Carter congratulated the Pamplin Town Council on their efforts and their success.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to waive the landfill fees for the
Pamplin Projects as requested. OTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes)
Mr. Carter then called attention to AMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. Appomattox Community Development Plan: The Planning Commission is
recommending a Public Hearing date of March 17, 2003 to receive comments on
the Final Draft of the Plan. The Final Draft version is available to the public at
the County Administrator’s Office, Appomattox and Pamplin Town Offices, the
Jamerson Memorial Library as well as on the Appomattox County website
(www.appomattox.com).
After some discussion the Board by consensus decided to table action on this Plan and a
public hearing date until the meeting to be held on February 18, 2003.
2. Recommendations from the Planning Commission: The Planning Commission
recommended that Petition 03-514 of Clayton C. Bryant to re-zone property from
R-1 residential to B-1 business, located on US 460 between Rt. 1045 and Rt. 613,
Tax Map #63(A)70 & 71 be approved.
Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore stating that for reasons of public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice, to approve petition
#03-514 of Clayton C. Bryant, to re-zone a parcel of land located on US 460 between Rt.
1045 and Rt. 613 from R-1 to B-1, as recommended by the Planning Commission.
VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes).
3. Accessory Building Ordinance Change: A public hearing was held on 1-21-03
to receive comments on the proposed changes to §170-81, Requirements for