AQT
Bonds, dated September 29, 1998 (the "Preliminary Official
Statement") and a final Official Statement (the "Final Official
Statement") for the same (collectively, the Preliminary Official
Statement and the Final Official Statement shall be hereinafter
referred to as the "Official Statement").
BE IT RESOLVED BY THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
AUTHORITY OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA:
1. The Authority finds and determines that the undertaking of the acquisition,
construction and installation of the Projects for the County will be
consistent with the purposes of the Act.
2. The Authority agrees to the recommendation of the County that Sands,
Anderson, Marks & Miller, a Professional Corporation, Richmond,
Virginia, be appointed as Bond Counsel and Special Counsel to the
Authority, as well as counsel to the Underwriter and hereby appoints such
firm to supervise the proceedings and approve the issuance of the Bonds
and consents to such dual representation.
3. The Authority agrees to the recommendation of the County that Ferris,
Baker Watts, Incorporated, Richmond, Virginia, be selected and
designated as Underwriter for the Bonds.
4. All costs and expenses in connection with the undertaking of the acquisition,
construction, renovation, repair and equipping of the Projects and the issuance
of the Bonds, including the Authority's expenses and the fees, the expenses and
fees of the County, the Trustee's expenses, and the fees and expenses of Bond
Counsel and Special Counsel for the Authority, for the sale of the Bonds, shall be
paid from the proceeds of the Bonds or other funds of the County. If for any
reason the Bonds are not issued, it is understood that all such expenses shall be
paid by the County, as set forth in the Bond Purchase Agreement, and that the
Authority shall have no responsibility therefor.
5. The following plan for financing the costs of the Projects is approved. The
Authority shall use the proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds to finance the
acquisition, construction, renovation, repair and equipping of the Projects for
lease to the County for the term of the Bonds at a rent sufficient to pay interest
and principal when due on the Bonds. The obligation of the Authority to pay
principal and interest on the Bonds will be limited to rent payments received from
the County under the Financing Lease. The obligation of the County to pay rent
under the Financing Lease will be subject to the Board of Supervisors of the
County making annual appropriations for such purpose. The Bonds will be
secured by an assignment of such lease and the rents thereunder to the Trustee for
the benefit of the holders thereof and by the establishment of a debt service