561
schools with much needed income, in some instances it is designated to go to
specific areas. The revised budget that has been presented to you will meet the
needs of the children of Appomattox County and begin correcting the salary
inadequacies of the school employees, which will help keep us competitive with
surrounding counties. She respectfully requests that the Board approve the
revised budget submitted by the School Authorities.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak at this time.
At 6:37 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
At 6:49 p.m. after a brief recess, Mr. Carter reconvened the Board of
Supervisors’ meeting to enter into additional County business such as setting the
tax rate, change orders for the Courthouse and other business issues that need
to be addressed by the Board tonight.
Mr. Moore had a couple of change orders for the Courthouse project that needed
to be discussed.
Mr. Moore stated the first change order was for the west side of the Courthouse.
There was a walkway proposed from the old Clerk’s Office to the basement door
of the old Courthouse. Since there will be no public entrance to the new
courthouse on this side of the building, and there will be no parking on this side,
Mr. Moore does not see the need of spending $14,000 for a walkway that we do
not need. There may be a need for a small retaining wall where the air-
conditioning/heat pump units are located. It is Mr. Moore’s recommendation that
we not spend $14,000 for a walkway at the present time.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to not approve the change
order for a sidewalk on the west side of the new Courthouse. The present
sidewalk from the old Courthouse to the Museum is to be removed and this area
seeded with grass. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
The next change order has to do with security on the doorway leading to the
roof. This door is used for maintenance only and has a standard lock. It has
been suggested that this lock be changed to an electronic lock, with a sensor, at
a cost of $1,480. Mr. Moore would like to discuss this change with the Sheriff to
see if this is necessary before making any decision. He would also like to discuss
this with the Courthouse Committee at its next meeting.
The Board by consensus decided to allow Mr. Moore to make this decision.