374
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow Emanuel Tire to work
extended hours for the next two weeks. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained to the members of the Board that Dick Bass had resigned
from the Courthouse Committee and suggested appointing Philip Paulette as his
replacement.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Philip E. “Gus” Paulette
to the Courthouse Committee, replacing R.L. Dick Bass. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an appointment was necessary in order to proceed with
discussions with other localities on the 460 Water Project, and he would like to suggest
Sammy Carter.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board it was agreed for Sammy Carter to
represent the County in the 460 water project discussions.
Mr. Carwile stated several farmers had contacted him concerning the application of
sludge and biosolids to agricultural lands. He informed the Board that a group may be
approaching the Board for approval to use sludge or biosolids on farm land at a later date.
Mr. Carter gave a report from the Social Services Board and explained that 10 cases had
been audited and everything checked out fine. Mr. Carter also reported that Mrs. Cecil
Harvey has just passed her 30-year service mark with Social Services.
Mr. Carter asked about the condition of the Courthouse roof.
Mr. Bosiger informed him this would be considered at budget time.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mrs. Debbie Powell’s term on the Central Virginia
Community College Board expires June 30, 1998 and that the did wish to be reappointed.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had a name to submit for this appointment.
Mr. Carter stated he would like to submit Tommy Ford’s name for appointment.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone else had a name to submit.
Mr. Torrence stated he would like to submit Pat Torrence’s name for appointment.
Mr. Bosiger stated the decision on this appointment would be made at the March 16,
1998 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger next stated there were several supplemental appropriations that were
necessary.
t