942
trailors are. I see nothing wrong with them. I am in Southside District. How can
complaints from 12 people decide what the rest of us want or how we feel. The night of
the first meeting about trailers on News 13 remarks were made about Sleepy Hallow
Trailer Park. Let me tell you, from working as a property manager for over 10 years:
You can do all the checks you want to but until they move in you don’t know what you
have. If you follower the law it take 30 to 90 days for non payment of rent for any other
reason who know. Mr. Carwile has done a lot to clean up Sleepy Hallow.
Mr. Bosiger then read a letter from Julie Austin:
Many of the concerned people in this community are unable to attend tonight. I am
included and therefore submit in absentia and request that this statement be read into the
record of the public hearing.
First, I would like to commend the Planning Commission for attempting to find a solution
to a complex issue. With minor additions, the submitted proposal will solve the problem
in the R-2 zone areas. There is a potential loophole that can easily be corrected by
including the following phrase to the opening paragraph.”..... herein, provided that:”
should be extended to read: “provided that it complies with all of the following
requirements:” If this additional language is not included, people who only comply with
a single requirement could very possibly be entitled to the additional dwelling. Believing
that the intent of the Committee is for compliance with all four requirements, I
recommend this additional language be added.
As I stated, the proposed change only addresses a clear change for the R-2 zones. People
will continue to purchase large tracts of land and submit for subdivisions in agricultural
A-1. One example is Southside Estates subdivision off Route 727, which borders Route
694. In plat book 4 at page 43, a 9 acre tract of land was subdivided into 9 one acre lots.
Our current subdivision requirements allow divisions of such property in A-1 with the
minimum lot requirement of 1 acre.
This scenario is repeated time after time. A simple survey/site plan, meeting the
minimum 1 acre lot requirements can easily divide a 27 acre tract into 27 lots with 27
homes in the 27 acre area. Explore this idea further and you will see that it could easily
extend a larger tracts. What about 100 one acre lots in a 100 acre? Would that not define
aresidential area? I think so. Such divisions are occurring on a regular basis in
agricultural areas zoned A-1. We are allowing the agricultural areas to become
residential areas.
My proposal requires a change to the minimum lot size requirements in the A-1 zones. In
article VI; Agricultural District A-1 of our current zoning booklet, 170-32 defines the
intent of this zone. I quote “Generally this district covers portions of Appomattox
County which are occupied by various open uses such as farms, forests or lakes. This
district is established for the specific purpose of protecting existing and future farming
operations, conservation of water and natural resources, reducing soil erosion, protection
of watershed and reducing hazards from flood, fire and traffic. While it is recognized