168
Looking at long-term solutions would be: 1) Joining a Regional System, 2) adding on to
the present jail, and 3) to do nothing and continue to place inmates in surrounding
facilities.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to support
the Sheriff's request to convert Library/Storage room to a cell with the installation of a
shower/bathroom at an estimated cost of $13,500.00.
Mr. Kendrick stated that this is not a fix. He would really like to see a better solution
before we get into a court ordered situation of overcrowding.
The original motion was amended to acknowledge that this is a temporary measure and
we need to evaluate a long term solution.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (To approve the motion as amended).
After a lengthy discussion, the Board authorized the Emergency Services Committee to
get prices for a new radio system and report back to the Board at a later date.
Mr. Carter explained that it was necessary to enter into a closed meeting in accordance
with §2.2-3711(A) 7 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal
counsel and briefings by staff members pertaining to litigation, “Commonwealth of
Virginia vs Board of Supervisors (courthouse litigation)”, Aubrey R. Padgett, III vs.
Board of Supervisors (FOIA) and “O’Brien et.al. v s. Board of S upervisors (biosolids
regulation)” and also for consultation with legal counsel concerning the county contracts
with Craddock-Cunningham Architectural partners and E-911 consultants. Also, enter
into a closed meeting in accordance with §2.2-3711(A) 1 and 5 of the Code of Virginia
for the purpose of discussing personnel issues involving an appointee and employee of
the Board, and the purpose of discussing a prospective business where no previous
announcement has been made of the business’ interest in locating in the community.
At 8:15 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to go into a closed
meeting per §2.2-3711(A) 7 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with
legal counsel and §2.2-3711(A) 1 and 5 of the Code of Virginia to discuss personnel
issues and discussion of a prospective business in the community. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 11:31 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711(A) 7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel and briefing by staff
members pertaining to litigation, “Commonwealth of Virginia vs Board of Supervisors