359
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Austin for his comments.
Mr. Kevin O’Brien came forward to discuss Petition 403-523 — Courtland Realty/S. L.
Ferguson III. Mr. O’Brien had distributed information regarding water/sewer for this
project. Mr. O’Brien also stated that Mr. Brian Anderson was present to answer any
questions regarding the AdvanTex System and any other mass drain field systems. The
type of soil on the sub-division site are Cecil soils which are the best drain field soils in
our area.
Mr. O’Brien addressed the issues of drain field failure and what is in place to protect
residents should the project suffer bankruptcy in the future. With the amount of money
that is invested in this project, all these issues have been taken into consideration. This
project was not jumped into without a lot of thought and safeguards being in place.
Mr. Carwile would like to address the instilled fears on the mass drain fields. All this is
based on square footage. If these systems are serviced and cleaned using the proper
chemicals, they should last for years. Also, today you are required to have a reserve,
Mr. Anderson stated that with the mass drain fields, you are under new regulations, to
protect groundwater. Mr. Anderson also talked about the AdvanTex system at length.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. O’Brien and Mr. Anderson for their comments.
Mr. John Wilson came forward to voice his concerns on the Parks, Recreation and
Tourism Authority, the Industrial Development Authority, the Board of Supervisors,
County Administration, as well as the County School Board.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else present wished to speak.
At 6:53 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter re-convened the meeting and stated there would be a Joint
Public Hearing with the Planning Commission:
PRESENT: (Planning Commission)
Kevin O’Brien — Chairman
Al Sears — Vice-Chairman
Jerry Hughes
Steve Conner
Robert Johnson
Susan Hudson
Marvin Mitchell
Jim Sefter
John Wilson
ABSENT: (Planning Commission)