419
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
September 21, 1998 after the public hearing, in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square,
North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Dennis W. Torrence — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (was late due to attending the
Planning Commission meeting)
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:35 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mrs. Shirley Eye, with the Actions Committee to appear before the
Board.
Mrs. Eye explained that she had been working on the sale of the property off of Route
604 that had been donated to the Actions Committee for the Sports Complex at the High
School. Mrs. Eye continued that a title search was being done on this property at no cost
and that Mike Torrence had agreed to auction the property at no cost to the County except
for the advertising. Mrs. Eye stated that she also had someone to cruise the timber on the
property. Mrs. Eye continued that the total cost for these services would be
approximately $2300.00 and that everyone was ready to move ahead with the sale of this
property.
Mrs. Eye stated that October 28, 1998 at 5:00 P.M. would be the date scheduled for the
sale of the property.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to allow Mrs.
Shirley Eye to proceed with the sale of property located on Route 604 and to pay
advertising & other cost of this sale at a cost of approximately $2,300.00. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, abstained.
Mr. Bosiger next turned the members of the Board’s attention to the Administrative
Items.
The first item for consideration was a request for a musical or entertainment festival
permit for Stonewall Vineyards — Halloween Jazz.