381
Mr. Carwile stated there seemed to be some misunderstanding as to the Board’s intent.
He proceeded to read from the minutes of a previous meeting that the structure will be
left as it currently stands. (His understanding was that she would report to the Board).
Mr. Carroll understood that the Board would take action in open session to modify the
organizational relationship, but the Board never took this action.
Mr. Kendrick stated that Mr. Carroll was correct, the Board never took action on to
whom the Tourism Director would report. There was a lot of discussions but there was
never a motion on the floor or vote taken that Ms. Dixon (or Tourism Director) would
report directly to the Board of Supervisors. This is the same thing that we had a month
or so ago with a Public Hearing, it was never done. If you want this done, put a motion
on the floor and have it done right now. In the discussion we had, it is impossible for
five (5) people to give instructions to one person. T hat isimpossible. If you havea
problem with the Administrator giving instructions to the Tourism Director, then we need
to get rid of the Administrator. If you do not have a problem with this, then leave things
in place - the organizational structure in place works. During the discussion of the
Authority, it was stated that we did not want an Authority and we wanted to leave it as it
was, and it was, this position reported to the Administrator. It has not been changed.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion that the Tourism Director, (Anne
Dixon) should report to and provide monthly reports to the Board of Supervisors. The
County Administrator would only provide services for payroll, etc. Mr. Hancock
seconded this motion. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, nay;
Mr. Kendrick, nay and Mr. Carter, nay. (2 aye votes, 3 nay votes)
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the Consent Agenda
(Items 7-17) as presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye ( with
reservations); Mr. Moore aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Moore wanted to clarify that this vote made it official that the Tourism Director
(Anne Dixon) report directly to the Administrator, with monthly reports to the Board of
Supervisors, as with the other department heads for the County.
Mr. Carter preceeded to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
18. Status Update on Petition 03-523 — Courtland Realty/S.L.Ferguson, III:
Staff has met with the petitioners regarding the concerns and issues involved in a
private water and sewer system to serve this community if approved by the Board.
They have tentatively agreed that certain conditions could be added to the
conditional use permit to give the County certain safeguards for the development
of this project. Staff is also evaluating the legalities of including age requirements
in the conditional use permit. This petition could be considered at the October
20" meeting.