407
Mr. Carwile thanked the other members of the Board and the Office Staff for their
concern during his recent illness.
Mr. Carwile then stated that he was interested in pursuing further information concerning
USA Waste possibly hauling trash out of the County. Mr. Carwile asked that the Board
of Supervisors be open minded concerning this option. Mr. Carwile suggested that
installing a transfer station at a location other than the landfill would solve several
problems.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that the office staff would
pull together current cost figures for landfill operation within 60 days, and report back to
the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called for other concerns. Hearing none Mr. Bosiger asked the other
members of the Board to turn their attention to the first Administrative Item, appointment
to S.T.E.P.S. Board of Directors.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to place this appointment on the agenda for
the next meeting in order to give members of the Board an opportunity to find someone
to fill this vacancy.
Mr. Bosiger next asked if there were any additional appointments that anyone wished to
make to the Sports Complex Committee.
The names that had already been suggested are as follows:
Anne Dixon, Jerry Small, Bookie Johnson, Bobby Layne, Dale Campbell, Monte
Mays, Dickey Kelso, Coty Dickerson and Steve Lambson.
Mr. Bosiger asked to add Mr. Raymond Mullins’ name to the list.
Mr. Carter suggested Mr. Gregg Mayberry be added to the committee.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to contact these individuals to see if they were
willing to serve on this committee.
The committee responsibilities would be to decide the number of fields that are needed in
the County. The acreage needed to accommodate a sports complex. Concession stand
and bathroom needs, and parking needs.
Mrs. Anne Dixon was appointed to steer this committee.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the other members of the Board if they had reviewed the
Town/County Police Agreement Renewal.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into the
police agreement with the Town of Appomattox for a two- (2) year term. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.