605
Mr. Conrad stated that we have heard a lot of talk on this issue. No matter what
we do, we want to eliminate every bit of costs to ourselves that we can. If we
form a Public Service Authority, then the Authority would pay for these things
through the user fees. The study we are talking about, would involve procuring
information to develop a Public Service Authority, then find out what the best
possible way for us in the future to secure water for Appomattox County. This
study would also give us the information on how we would be able to procure
funds to help defray any costs that might be incumbent upon the County. He is
in favor of the agreement. We need to get this done once and for all. He
emphasized to all present that this does not mean we will have a waterline or a
reservoir.
Mr. Armbrust said he has heard comments regarding Region 2000, about this
waterline. People make comments and they do not even have the correct
information. We do not have all the information. This is why studies continue
on. We are trying to learn. In his best judgment is we need to do this study to
look at the waterline and the reservoir, but he does not want to spend tax payers
dollars. Most of the people who want the reservoir do not realize the red tape
and costs involved, it may end up costing more than the waterline. This is why
we need to have these studies done. Some of our citizens have a misconception
of Region 2000. He has looked back and sees how much they have helped the
County. When it comes down to tax payers dollars, he is at a stand still.
Mr. Craft stated that no one in his district is in favor of doing this study. He
wonders if we cannot go straight into a Public Service Authority and let them do
the work.
Mr. Moore stated there has been a lot said that he agrees with. He hears a lot of
talk, he does not know all the facts — no one knows all the facts. This is the
reason we need to do the study. In order to make a rational decision regarding
the future of the County, we need to have this study. The cost of this study is
not a lot of money when you look at the whole picture. We need to do what is
best for the future, because most of us will not see this done in our lifetime.
Mr. Carter agrees with what the others have said. If we go forward this, in his
opinion, it will allow us to receive the necessary information to make a
conscientious decision. In concert with that, if this is deemed a possible
solution, the pipeline or the reservoir, all citizens will benefit from this because
we have to do something to enhance our tax base. We want a quality of life, but
we want our tax base to be small. We will not have a small tax base, if we do
not entice business, tourism and industry to come into our County to supplement
our tax base in order for us to have the quality of life we all want and desire.
To this end, I also endorse this study to go forward. We do not want to spend
tax payer dollars and furthermore, we cannot afford a sixteen million dollar