603
Ms. Miller stated that they need a letter endorsing the effort of Spay Virginia, a
project of the Virginia Federation of Humane Societies and their endeavors to
organize a low cost spay/neuter super clinic in our region. This would help those
pet owners who otherwise could not afford to have their pets vaccinated. The
ultimate goal is to reduce the number of animals euthanized. They will be
applying for grants and also be asking the Board for funds in the future. In
order to apply for these grants, they need the Board’s endorsement.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to sign the letter
endorsing the efforts of Spay Virginia, a project of the Virginia Federation of
Humane Societies to organize a low cost spay/neuter clinic in our region. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Liksa read a letter from the Animal Welfare Action Group presenting to
Mickey Martin, Appomattox County Animal Warden, a micro-chip identification
scanner. This will enable the Animal Warden to scan incoming animals for micro-
chip owner information. These units costs about $100.00 and one was available
to each humane unit that applied for them. It is their hope that in the future,
animal owners will have micro-chip information implanted in their animals. This
is especially true for hunting dogs.
Mr. Carter then returned to the Administrative Items: (Items 3-8)
3. Old Oakville School: We have received the deed returning the old
Oakville School property to the County. The Board will need to accept the
property and Mr. Overstreet will need to certify that you have accepted
the property. This certification will need to be recorded with the deed.
Mrs. Ferguson is in the process of checking on several issues involving this
site and will be making recommendations concerning the disposition of
this property in the next several weeks.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, that the Board accept the
deed to the Old Oakville School property and have Mr. Overstreet certify this
acceptance. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. Biosolids Coordinator: We have been approached by Campbell County
to see if the Board would be interested in adopting an ordinance
establishing a biosolids monitoring program and possibly participating with
them in hiring someone to monitor this for both localities. The locality
may consider charging a testing fee to cover some of the cost associated
with this monitoring.