448
tools. We need to keep on top of all these along with the basics of education.
These things help to.motivate them to learn and also be useful in the work place
environment. We want to be competitive and we want our kids to learn. We also
need to address the ability to offer on-line courses. These would be
subjects/languages for which we do not have a teacher on staff. We have an
excellent career tech program along with a very good adult education program.
Special Education is another program that we are having more demand for than in
the past. We used to think of handicapped children as those with physical
disabilities, blind, in a wheel chair, etc. Today, it is an entirely different story.
There are a host of disabling conditions that we are mandated to take care of. We
are required to educate children from their third birthday to their twenty-second
birthday if they are identified as special ed. We are to provide instruction during
the school day and if need be, we have to put children in a residential settings, we
send some children to special day school. We have to provide occupational
therapy and physical therapy for which we have therapists. We also have speech
therapists, visual impaired and hearing impaired teachers. We are also required to
provide aides for these students. We are also required to provide instruction to
juveniles in jail and also to homebound children with disabilities. We have had
forty-two (42) special education students move into Appomattox County since July
1, 2003. There are 863 Federal and State regulations that the school system must
follow regarding special education.
V. Communications — Goal: To enhance communications between _ school,
parents and community. We need to increase parental and community
participation in school activities, keep parents more informed on SOL testing and
graduation requirements. In general we need to develop a plan for more positive
communications and public relations.
Mr. Carter thanked the School Administration staff for the education received tonight.
He feels the need for further meetings. Mr. Craft agrees. Dr. Krug said they would hold
as many of these meetings as needed.
Dr. Krug offered a slide presentation about medium salaries in our region and how far
below the medium Appomattox salaries have fallen.
Mr. Armbrust thanked everyone for the information provided and the chance to meet
everyone. He feels these informative sessions will lead to a better working relationship.
Mr. Conrad also thanked everyone for their informative presentations and materials
provided.
At 9:15 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, that the Board of
Supervisors adjourn. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Amy Martin made a motion, seconded by Mr. Todd Pickett, to adjourn the School
Board meeting. All vote aye.