ee
66
discuss the budget and the cuts planned. He has read over the past several weeks different plans
that the Board has considered. As in the past during budget process, the Board has had to raise
taxes and cut programs. The Board members talk about being for the County, now is the time to
prove it. Before any cuts are made, he would like to make the following suggestions:
1) Fire the present law firm you have. They have wasted too much of our money, giving you
bad advice and hire a local firm that understands the people of Appomattox and the way
Appomattox thinks and conducts business.
2) Request every Administrative head, from the County Administrator on down, to take a 5
to 10% pay cut until the budget is straight.
3) Gentlemen, lead by example - before any programs are cut, I strongly suggest that you the
Board, should suspend your pay from the County for a minimum of one year.
I know this is not much money, however, it may be enough to save a program, prevent a teacher
or county person from losing their job. At least show that you are with the County. Some of you
on the Board have made this problem, but it is up to all of you to correct it. Don’t ask anyone to
do what you are not willing to do yourself.
The next person to speak was Ms. Ruth Williamson, P. O. Box 1117, Pamplin, Va.
Ms. Williamson stated she has some real concerns regarding the school budget. She is a public
school teacher, but not in Appomattox County. She has two small children who attend school
where she teaches, strictly for convenience. Schools are already as tight as they can be. There is
not a lot of room for cuts , because when you begin cutting funds, people lose their jobs and you
lose needed services. She is concerned about the things we could lose, sports activities, music
and art. As a member of the Town Council of Pamplin she realizes that you constantly have to
look at how you can fit things in and fund the things you have to fund. She is concerned with the
educational and intellectual deficits if you do not fully fund the school’s budget. She feels that all
the voters are concerned about this issue.
Ms. Amy Martin of Route 2, Box 241, Gladstone, Va was the next to speak.
She would like to commend each of the Board members for giving a great deal of their personal
time on behalf of the community. As a member of the School Board , she may not agree with all
of your decisions, especially, where the education of our children are concerned, she respects
your right to make this decision. She expects you to respect her right to fight for the children of
the County. There are some assumptions by some that she feels need to be clarified. We keep
hearing about a $803,155 “catch all’ or discretionary fund in the school budget. This would
indicate a fund for which there are no planned expenditures - there is no such fund in the school
budget. The line item in question is on the revenue side of the budget, not the expense side. The
budget presented to the Board in January was based on the needs of the children. If the School
Board were to eliminate every increase, teachers and administrative staff, the total cut from the
budget would be $547,000. This is a far cry from the amount, we must remove. You have
consistently asked us to “share the pain”, but to my knowledge no County program or County
position has been cut. The school system is continually bearing more than their “share of the
pain”.
The School Budget does not have any “catch all” fund. If only that were true, we would not have