436
The information given to the Elementary School Committee and the Board of Supervisors
from the Commonwealth Advance firm was provided free from the Central Va.
Community College, Mr. Stewart Robinson and herself. We need to move forward in a
positive way and make this a project for all citizens of Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to speak at this time. Hearing no one, he closed
the Citizens Comments Period.
Mr. Carter next called Ms. Rowena Robinson, Carver Price Alumni Association to
address the Board.
Ms. Robinson is appearing before the Board to present a proposal to use a portion of the
Carver Price Elementary School for a museum. This proposal was presented to the
Elementary School Committee at its last meeting. This property remains under the
control of the School Board and may be transferred to the County in July, 2004.
Ms. Robinson passed out a copy of the proposal to each one present. Ms. Robinson
stated the purpose of this proposal is to preserve the African-American education legacy
of Appomattox County. This includes, but is not limited to, the educating of Prince
Edward County students during the era of segregation. The portion of the building
proposed for the museum would be the front wing of the building and this would be
leased to the Carver-Price Alumni Association. The Board of Supervisor’s would
oversee the maintenance of the building & grounds as they are presently doing, with the
County School B oard providing technical support in the form of a computer, monitor,
printer and copier, items that are necessary for the cataloging of memorabilia.
The Carver-Price Alumni Association will apply for non-profit status, apply for grants,
seek donations and other funding sources to support a Curator position as well as other
needs associated with the museum.
They currently need office space, a multi-purpose room for cultural activities, display
room for artifacts and documents, and some storage space. Their future needs include the
preservation of the old Home Economics Building and Agriculture Shop for vocational
education.
The main goal of the Association is to preserve, respect and celebrate the rich African-
American history in Appomattox County for future generations and to prepare youth and
young adults to be active, productive participants for the future.
Ms. Robinson is asking that the Board adopt the proposal.
Mr. Armbrust asked if the School Board had endorsed this proposal. Mr. Craft asked
where the Agriculture Shop is located. These are located in the Annex Building.