143
After some discussion, Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion before the Board. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Moore next made a motion to proceed with the plan to build a new courthouse behind the
present building, remove the 1960's addition, reserving the historical section of the building; the new
courthouse facing the Hunter property, which will be used as a parking lot. Mr. Kendrick seconded
this motion.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Carter called for a vote on Mr. Moore=s motion. ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
The Board by consensus decided to table the steps needed to implement the plan until the next
meeting.
Mr. Carter called for a short recess at 7:12 p.m.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting and asked Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director,
Region 2000 Regional Commission to address the Board regarding: 1) Regional health insurance
initiative, 2) Regional priorities for the Commission, and 3) Merger of Region 2000 Economic
Development Partnership and the Commission.
Mr. Gillespie gave a presentation on Regional Health Insurance. The increased cost of prescription
drugs has greatly affected the cost of health insurance in recent years. There is not much health care
competition in this area, basically there are two providers. The Regional Commission has spoken to
three other providers about possibly coming into our region. Mr. Gillespie is asking for $3,500.00 to
participate in the $30,000.00 consultants program. This will cover both County and School Board
employees. In order to participate we have to go in at the beginning phase.
After a brief question and answer session, Mr. Gillespie moved on to the next subject, Regional
Priorities - established in April 2002; 1) Economic Development, 2) Revenue Restructuring, 3)
Water and Sewer resources, 4) Regional Health Insurance and 5) Solid Waste Management. These
are going to be worked on over the next five years. Mr. Gillespie asked if anyone had any questions
regarding these five priorities. Mr. Gillespie is asking the Board to adopt a resolution accepting
these initiatives and their priorities.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE REGIONAL INITIATIVES AND
THEIR PRIORITIES BY THE CENTRAL VIRGINIA LOCAL GOVERNMENTS
WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Regional Commission in an effort to plan for the future of the Central
Virginia area held a joint meeting of the Region=s local governments in April 2002, to discuss