511
Mr. Bosiger called the special meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. after all members had been
notified in accordance with the Code of Virginia section 15.2-1418.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Carter to deliver the invocation.
Mr. Bosiger began by stating that the reason that he called the special meeting was that
he considered that an emergency existed and that it was immediately necessary for the
preservation of public morals, health, safety and the general welfare of the public. To
meet and reconsider the moratorium that was passed last Monday night. Mr. Bosiger
continued that there were a lot of questions concerning the moratorium that he felt needed
to be addressed. Mr. Bosiger stated that after a period of reflection, he believes that the
Board offered an imperfect solution that could cause a hardship on some of the citizens.
Mr. Bosiger continued that this was not the intent. Mr. Bosiger stated that after
consultation with the County Attorney, he felt that the Board needed to lift the
moratorium on mobile homes in the Southside District, and pass an emergency ordinance
to repeal section 170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance, and also prohibit
mobile homes manufactured prior to 1976, from being installed in Appomattox County.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt the county staff should be ordered not to process any
permit application for more than one single family dwelling on a lot in an R-2, residential
district or an A-1, agricultural district for a period of 60 days. Mr. Bosiger continued that
the matter needed to be referred to the Appomattox County Planning Commission for
their immediate review and recommendations.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments from the other members of the Board.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, and consideration, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter
to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, it is the finding of the Board of Supervisors that an emergency now exists
and it is immediately necessary for the preservation of public morals, health, safety and
the general welfare of the public;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County that section 170-23 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance is repealed and
mobile homes manufactured prior to 1976 are prohibited to be installed in Appomattox
County; and
RESOLVED FURTHER by order of the Board of Supervisors, county staff is instructed
not to process any permit applications for more than one single family dwelling on a lot
in an R-2 residential district or an A-1 agricultural district for a period of 60 days.
RESOLVED FINALLY, this matter is referred to the Appomattox Planning Commission
for their immediate review and recommendations.