378
groundwater, 20 feet apart, filled with tire chips in order to vent the methane gas prior to
it reaching our property lines.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to look into the possibility of installing a
trench to vent this methane gas instead of using the proposed venting wells, and report
back at the next meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then read the part of the letter from Hurt and Proffitt concerning
groundwater monitoring.
Mrs. Carter gave an explanation of the reason for moving well #6. Mrs. Carter continued
that three new wells need to be installed to the north of closed cells A, B and C and the
fourth new well would be located upgradient of the landfill.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to install two
groundwater monitoring wells north of closed cells A, B and C and one upgradient
groundwater monitoring well, and write a letter to DEQ stating these wells are beginning
installed, in order to move from assessment monitoring into detection monitoring. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any other landfill issues for discussion.
Mr. Carroll stated that he would like a clarification on Parts “A” & “B” permit
applications. Mr. Carroll explained that his understanding was that Hurt & Proffitt was to
permit as large a cell as possible on the present landfill site, but Hurt & Proffitt’s
understanding was they were to go across the road and permit everything possible on that
property also.
After discussion, It was confirmed by the Board of Supervisors, to permit only cells on
the present landfill operating site.
Mr. Carroll stated he would clarify the Boards position with Hurt & Proffitt.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Carter.
Mr. Bosiger next read a letter to Mrs. Ferguson from Dr. Krug, Superintendent of Public
Schools with prices for repairing a portion of the High School roof that is leaking. Mr.
Bosiger continued that the total cost would be approximately $264,582.00.
Discussion followed, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to obtain further information from the
schools on the high school roof project.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that at a previous meeting the Board of Supervisors had
agreed to pay Virginia Retirement System, the employers cost, on Judge Lawson and