64
At 6:34 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the recessed meeting of April 15", 2002 and asked Mr. Moore to
give the invocation.
The first thing on the agenda is the request to appoint a Health Care Insurance Committee. to
work with the School Board and Appomattox Town Council. Would anyone like to volunteer to
participate on this committee.
Mr. Carroll informed the Board that replies have been received from the RFP’s and three
companies have been interviewed. What this committee would do is work with two or three
members of the Town Council, if they decided to participate, a couple of members from the
School Board to: 1) look at the recommendation presented as to which consultant to go with; and
2) the time lines are very tight and they would need to start working on what is available so we
can meet the October 1“ sign-up dates for the health care insurance. They would also look at the
options, guide the Board with periodic reports, that would lead up to the final report to the full
Board of Supervisors, School Board and Town Council.
Mr. Carroll stated the committee would probably meet within the next couple of weeks and then
maybe have a couple of more meeting within the next few months. The Board representative
should have some idea of what the fellow members wish to accomplish with the health care
insurance. Are we looking to change plans, keep the same plans, etc.
Mr. Carter and Mr. Kendrick volunteered to serve on this committee as representatives from the
Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter stated that it was necessary to go into a closed session to discuss a legal matter,
Courthouse Litigation.
At 6:45 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the Board entered into closed
session as per §2.2-3711.A.7, Legal consultation regarding Courthouse Litigation. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:48 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Hancock the Board returned to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following Certification:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 .A.7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of legal consultation.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.