208
a financial crisis. Monies were added to the general fund as well as the Capitol
Improvement Projects Fund.
After some general discussion, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Lee for appearing and for the
work he has done for the County.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Joint Public Hearing and read the following
statement:
$ This joint public hearing provides property owners with the opportunity to present
their zoning petitions, and concerned citizens with the chance to speak in support
of or against the petitions, before the Appomattox County Planning Commission
and Board of Supervisors.
$ Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in
discussion of the petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning
Commission meeting that will immediate follow the public hearing.
$ We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner,
followed by comments from individuals to speak for the petition, and finally by
individuals speaking against the petition. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Stidham read the first petition:
03-514 — Clayton C. Bryant: Rezone property from R-1 — Residential to B-1 —
Business. Property is located on US Route 460 between Rt. 1045 and Rt. 613,
Tax Map #63 (A)70 & 71.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for the petition.
Ms. Kathy Harris came forward, gave her address as P. O. Box 1021, Appomattox. Ms.
Harris works for Mr. Bryant as a secretary. She feels this property should be re-zoned to
Business because there have been several businesses there in the past
No one else came forward to speak for or against the petition.
Mr. Stidham read the next petition:
03-515 — Betty Cartrett: Appeal zoning administrator’s interpretation of
definition of mobile home and its use as an accessory building in the R-1
Residential District. Subject property is located on Route 727 between Rt. 642
and Rt. 604, Tax Map #76(A)30.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for the petition.
Ms. Betty Cartrett came forward and gave her address as Route 5, Box 708, Appomattox,
Va. They want to make a mobile home into a garage. Nowhere is there stated that you