155
4. The 2003 Virginia is for Lovers Travel Guide: The Lynchburg Regional Chamber of
Commerce is again coordinating a regional cooperative advertisement package for the 2003 Virginia
is for Lovers Travel Guide. Appomattox County participated in the 2002 regional advertisement
along with Amherst County, Bedford City/County, Campbell County, Nelson County and the Cityof
Lynchburg. T his year, the Chamber has been offered a two-page, four-color package by the
publishers of this guide. The cost to Appomattox would be approximately $3,600.00 if all six
localities were to participate.
After some discussion on the benefits and return on investment, Mr. Kendrick made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to participate in the 2003 Virginia is for Lovers Travel Guide contingent
upon the participation of the other six (6) localities. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
5. Water Restriction Ordinance: Governor Warner’s Executive Order 33 (EO33) essentially
declared a state of emergency due to the drought and placed restrictions upon the use of both
ground and surface water in most of the Commonwealth. VACo has developed a model
ordinance for those counties that wish to enforce the water restrictions imposed by EO33.
Staff recommends the Board consider the amount of staff time and effort it would take to
enforce this ordinance before proceeding with its adoptance/consideration.
Mr. Spencer stated that the Sheriff's Department would in effect be responsible for the enforcement
of this ordinance. The County Administrator’s staff would have to be responsible for the research
involved should someone is penalized and file an appeal.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick stated the County is not in the business of water, the town is.
Mr. Carwile agreed. The Board by consensus took no action on this matter.
Mr. Carter moved to the Board Appointments:
6. Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy (CEDS) Committee: A CEDS Committee
is required in order to qualify for funding from the Economic Development Administration (EDA).
The CEDS document is reviewed annually and updated every five years, the same cycle used for the
Comprehensive Plan. Staff recommends that the Board endorse the creation of the CEDS Committee
and invite the various political bodies to name participants to this committee. This item was tabled
from the last meeting.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
creation of a Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy (CEDS) Committee as proposed by
the County Administrator’s staff. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (Items 7 - 9)
7: Approval of Bills: Approve bills as presented.