36
Environmental Protection Agency for not explaining that only 90% of all pathogens and air borne
virus are killed in the stabilization process in Class B biosolids and the other 10% are killed by
direct sunlight as it lays on the ground. If the sun does not shine for a few days and the wind
blows, those same virus are being spread around; 4) you should sue the Sludge contractors,
Synagro and Nutri Blend for general purposes. He continued with some informative Statistics
regarding other states and urged the Board to go all the way in its efforts to defeat biosolids use
in the county.
The next person to come forward was Mrs. Ida Doss, Route 627, Appomattox. Mrs. Doss stated
she is a third generation farmer. Her farm is a Grade A dairy farm. She would like to go on
record as stating if her neighbor on Route 627 applies biosolids and upon checking her water and
milk samples they find a bad sample, who is responsible for her livelihood from then on. Is it
going to be the County, the people who put the biosolids down or is it going to be her neighbor.
Mr. Lee Munsick of Route 1, Pamplin was the next to speak.
Mr. Munsick began by stating that the United States Government will not allow biosolids to be
spread on their land, also the State of Virginia will not allow it to be spread on their land. If this
the case, why have we been singled out to become the “dung” capitol of Virginia. He is glad to
see that the eleven (11) farmers who have applied for application of biosolids were not grand
fathered in. He does not recall having seen anything regarding penalties for misuse, if any were
available, he must have missed them. We need stringent penalties, real economic penalties. We
need to work with other counties, other states and go as high as the U. S. Supreme Court if
necessary to restrict the use of these biosolids in Virginia. His main question is why it is
allowable to spread this sludge closer to streams than to houses, churches and schools? We are
all downstream.
Ms. Charlotte Munsick, of Piney Ridge Road, Box 134B, Pamplin, Va was the next person to
address the Board. She stated she agreed with what everyone before her had said. She would
like to add that she would like to reinforce that the restrictions need to be very stringent. Is she
correct to her understanding that the eleven permits would not be grand fathered in. She would
like to emphasize the fact that strong penalties be recommended for those who violate the
ordinance as proposed by the Board. She also believes that the distance from streams should be
increased. She believes that the citizens of Appomattox County will stand behind the Board
should any court action arise from the proposed ordinance. She urges the Board to make the
restrictions so strict that this will not happen.
Mr. Carter next called on Dennis Torrence of Route 2, Appomattox, Va to speak.
Mr. Torrence began by saying that he still lives on the farm that his great-grandfather owned.
The vast majority of the full-time/part-time farmers in the County are against the use of biosolids.
The farmers who have applied for the use of biosolids are good people and are just trying to get
by as best they can.