right-of-way ceased to be used by the railroad as a railroad yard or terminal. After that
the property was used as a wood yard which caused dense truck traffic with people
bringing in and taking out wood and wood by-products. Mr. McBride explained that the
residents in this area were used to dealing with considerable truck traffic due to the
railroad and wood yard that had previously occupied this lot. Mr. McBride stated that the
County had been looking in this direction previously considering the approval of the
telecommunication tower that had been installed in close proximity to this lot. Mr.
McBride explained that another reason that Mr. Moore was interested in locating this
business at this location was the close proximity to his present trucking business. Mr.
McBride explained that the new operation involved removing mill scales from steel
structures, “I” beams, preparing them for painting. Mr. McBride explained that project
was started in January 1998 and that since that date the property had been used for
sandblasting a total of thirty-five days. Mr. McBride explained that NO painting was
taking place on this property. Mr. McBride explained that this business would have a
positive impact due to the fact that it was a 1/3 of a million-dollar project that would
produce four new jobs in the area. Mr. McBride explained that Mr. Moore wanted to
cause as little impact on the community as possible and therefore he had offered several
conditions that may prove to alleviate any negative impact of the project. In closing Mr.
McBride asked the Board to consider all aspects to this petition. Mr. McBride then
presented a letter from Mr. David Martin supporting Mr. Moore’s petition.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Mr. Richard King came forward and gave his address as Route 1 Box 358, Madison
Heights, Virginia. Mr. King explained that Mr. Moore had been doing work for him for
ten years. Mr. King continued to explain that when mill scale was sandblasted from steel
beams it turns into nothing more than sand. Mr. King closed by stating that he was in
favor of the operation proposed by Mr. Moore.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Scott Schewel came forward and gave his address as Post Office Box 664, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Schewel explained that he had operated a pulp wood yard at this location
from August of 1977 until June 1990. Mr. Schewel continued that they hauled
approximately 30 to 40 loads a day, five days a week from this site and he did not feel
that Mr. Moore would be hauling more than this.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Brian Selz came forward addressed the Board and Planning Commission and gave
his address as P. O. Box 38, Rustburg, Virginia. Mr. Selz continued that he was
representing Rueben and Nancy Bryant. Mr. Selz then presented a petition of 58 names
of Concord residents that are opposed to Mr. Moore’s rezoning request. (Petition on file
in the Planning Commission folder). Mr. Selz also stated that a number of people that
were opposed to the rezoning were in the Courthouse and he asked that they stand so the
Board could see the number present. Mr. Selz began by urging the members of the Board