460
and 3100-2001 - $46.02. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several requests from Andy Carroll to attend the Virginia
Institute for Economic Development and the VEDA Conference.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for
Andy to attend the Virginia Institute for Economic Development and the VEDA
Conference and to pay for these expenses from the convention/education line item under
the Board of Supervisors. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye;
Mr. Bosiger next explained that an appointment was necessary to the Central Virginia
Planning District Commission .
The following people were suggested as possible appointees:
Jessie Hancock;
Frank Robinson;
John Marbury;
Willie Green.
Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to contact these individuals in the order they were
presented to see if they would be willing to serve, and report back to the Board at a later
date.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary
to discuss a personnel matter.
At 9:00 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into an
executive session to discuss personnel matters. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore at 9:32 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye,
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion made by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law: