247
John O. Harrison and C. Douglas Branch to re-zone a parcel of land located on U.S.
460 between Rt. 613 and Town limits from M-1 to B-1._ VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes, 2 absent)
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for reasons o f public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practices Petition #03-517 of
Harry C. Pearson, David T. Perkins and H. Curtis Pearson to re-zone a parcel of land
located on U.S. 460 between Rt. 613 and Town limits, from R-1 to B-1. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes, 2 absent)
Mr. Moore also made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve C onditional Use
Permit of Harry C. Pearson, David T. Perkins and H. Curtis Pearson to operate a car wash
subject to the conditions recommended by the Appomattox County Joint Planning
Commission. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye
votes, 2 absent)
3. SAILOR’S CREEK BATTLEFIELD REQUEST: U. S. Representative Virgil
H. Goode, Jr. has received a letter requesting that a study be commissioned to
determine the feasibility and impact of adding the Sailor’s Creek Battlefield to the
National Park System. It appears that the initial interest is to place the battlefield
under the management of the Appomattox National Historical Park. Staff believes
that the designation of the S ailor’s Creek Battlefield as a National P ark would
have a positive impact on tourism in Appomattox and therefore recommends the
Board approve the commissioning of this study and also recommends that other
potential areas of possible historical significance be included in this study.
After some discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to request that
the National Park Service begin a Special Resource Study that would consider expanding
Appomattox National Historical Park to include Sailor’s Creek Battlefield. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes, 2 absent)
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (items 4 — 9)
4. Approval of Bills: Please approved bills for payment as presented.
5. Approval of Minutes: Minutes of Regular meeting on March 17, 2003.
Board Action:
6. Festival Permit: The Stonewall Antique Power Association is requesting
approval of their festival permit for their annual event scheduled for May 17 and
18, 2003 from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. They are also requesting that the bond be
waived as in previous years.
Supplemental Appropriations:
7. Sheriff’s Department: Supplemental appropriations as follows:
3102-1003 Regular Overtime $50.56