553
Being no further business, at 10:13 A.M., Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carter to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye ; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Garet K. Bosiger, Chayman
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on January 4,
1999 at 6:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the public hearing to order, stated the purpose of the public hearing
was to receive public comment on a proposed change to the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance. Mr. Bosiger began that he would like to give an overview before he went into
the technical aspects of the purpose of meeting. He continued that most of the audience
were native Virginians and live in Appomattox County. Mr. Bosiger continued that
buying land and building a home were sometimes the largest single investment that we
ever make. Mr. Bosiger stated that sometimes it took most of our working careers to pay
for this. Mr. Bosiger stated that, therefore, we didn’t necessarily want people telling us
how to use it or what to do with it. Mr. Bosiger continued that only when someone
around wanted to do something like a racetrack, prison, hog farm, etc., we become
concerned. Mr. Bosiger stated that therein lies the problem. Mr. Bosiger continued that
it was sometimes hard to find a fair balance where there is some protection and yet
individual rights are maintained. Mr. Bosiger stated that as a Board they wanted to be
reasonable and listen to the comments of all the citizens. Mr. Bosiger stated that there
were two sides to every issue and as citizens spoke regardless of whether you agreed with
their position, Mr. Bosiger requested that everyone remain courteous. Mr. Bosiger stated
that the proposed changes did not effect the Town of Appomattox. The proposed
changes were only recommended for Agriculture A-1 District. Mr. Bosiger continued
that the essence of the proposed changes were that lot sizes in A-1 would go up to 5
acres, setbacks could change from 100’ to 200’ and road frontage could change from
150’ minimum to 300’ minimum. Mr. Bosiger continued that the Board would hear each
person’s opinions and that all would be taken into consideration. Mr. Bosiger stated that