320
After some discussion regarding additional resources or personnel, Mr. Kendrick made a
motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve Emanuel Tire’s request for extended hours of
operation with the stipulations proposed by staff. WOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes).
2. Disaster Relief Resolution: The Appomattox County Food and Agriculture
Council have requested that the Board Consider adopting a resolution requesting
designation as a disaster area. Appomattox County has received significant
rainfall this spring that has severely hampered the ability of local farmers to either
plant or harvest their crops.
Mr. Carter read a letter received from Eric Eberly, Appomattox County Extension Agent
regarding the effects this rainy season has had on the area farmers.
After a short discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt
the following resolution for Disaster Relief for the County of Appomattox farmers.
DISASTER RELIEF FOR THE COUNTY OF APPOMATTOX FARMERS
WHEREAS, the excessive rainfall conditions in the County of Appomattox this year has
severely affected farmers; and
WHEREAS, during the planting/growing season of the current year the County of
Appomattox has received an excessive amount of rainfall while experiencing below
average temperatures; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox Food and Agriculture Council, made up of the
Farm Service Agency, the Natural Resources Conservation Services, and Virginia
Cooperative Extension has reported that approximately 21,000 acres of farm land has
been adversely affected within the County at substantial economic loss; and
WHEREAS, it is incumbent upon the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia, that the County Administrator is hereby instructed to file with the
Governor of Virginia a request that the County of Appomattox be designated as a disaster
area.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3-13
3. Approval of Bills: Please approve bills as presented for payment.
BOARD ACTIONS:
4, Festival Permits: