556
cubic feet. 100 cubic feet is approximately 740 gallons which equates to about
.20 cents per 100 gallons. The current retail rate in the Town of Appomattox
amounts to .28 cents per 100 gallons. This would also require a pumping station
be located near Concord.
2 — Look at the potential of surface water (reservoir sites). In looking at this
option, they looked at nine (9) possible reservoir sites. Four (4) of these were
on the Appomattox River, two (2) on Wreck Island Creek, one (1) on Rough
Creek, one (1) on Wolf Creek and Holliday Lake. Of these sites, only two (2)
sites on the Appomattox River were really economically feasible.
3 — Pump Water from the James River — raw water from a site near Bent Creek.
Water would have to be pumped up the hill to a point where a water treatment
plant would be located. Water would then be pumped to the town. There would
also probably have to be another booster pumping station somewhere just
before the water reaches the elevated tanks in Town of Appomattox.
The reservoir sites would also require a water treatment plant.
All three (3) of these options are feasible. The cost of any one of these would be
in the area of 14.9 — 16.4 million dollars. There is the possibility that grant
money can be obtained for this purpose.
The scenarios were narrowed down to four (4) alternatives, two (2) choices of
reservoirs, raw water from the James River and bringing of water from
Lynchburg. With the James River, you would probably never run out of water.
The two reservoir sites would be limited in yield. A reservoir with a water
treatment plant would cost approximately 15.4 million dollars with an annual O &
M of $1,000 per one million gallons produced. The James River option with a
treatment plant would cost approximately 16.4 million dollars with an annual O &
M of $1,000 per one million gallons produced. With the Lynchburg to
Appomattox water line the cost would be approximately 16.4 million dollars but
1.4 million could be delayed for 20 plus years because you could hold up on
construction of the tank in the Spout Spring area, bringing the current cost to
about 15 million dollars.
They feel that Campbell County would be willing to participate in some of the
costs for the water line. Lynchburg already has a line to Mt. Athos.
As stated before, all three (3) options are practicable and feasible. However,
they feel the Lynchburg to Appomattox water line has several favorable
characteristics and advantages. It presents a low risk for future operational and
management costs and for unforeseen expenses in the future. It provides