363
and these units are placed rather close together. The campgrounds already located in the
County generate revenue in the form of sales taxes, etc. It was stated that these campers
would only be there on the weekend. This is not exactly true. They have on occasion,
spent the whole summer at Paradise Lake Campground.
The next person to speak was Mr. Robert Dunnam III who lives in LynHill Estates
Subdivision which borders the property. This is a close neighborhood where you do not
hear anything from anyone, unless something happens and you need help. When we
heard about this campground situation, everyone became concerned. As far as someone
moving in and building houses, we do not mind that, we welcome neighbors, but we do
not want a campground. This property belonged to Westvaco, and was wooded, now it is
cutover. In the fall, when the leaves all come off the trees, you will be able to see all of
this property and a campground will destroy the beauty of the wooded area. There are a
lot of children in this neighborhood and safety is a main concern.
Ms. Ida Belle Campbell came forward, stated her address as P.O. Box 747, Appomattox,
Va. Ms. Campbell lives on State Route 668 in Spout Spring. Va. She has lived in this
area for the last 17 years and this is a quite, peaceful community. If this zoning is
approved it would create an influx of traffic, noise and strangers. She would be very
concerned about letting her grandchildren outside where strangers could just walk
through the woods to her property. Ms. Campbell presented a petition with 71 signatures
of property owners within one mile to one and one-half miles of the property in question.
She also presented a letter from one citizen who was unable to attend tonight’s meeting.
Ms. Campbell and the signers of this petition are requesting that the proposed re-zoning
not be approved.
Mr. Stidham called for additional comments against this petition. Hearing none, Mr.
Stidham closed the public hearing at 7:35 p.m. and stated the Planning Commission
would be meeting at the Jamerson Memorial Library.
At 7:45 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the Board of Supervisor’s meeting
Mr. Carter called Mr. Stewart Robinson, Carver Price Alumni Association to address
the Board. Mr. Robinson has asked to speak tonight concerning a proposed use for the
old elementary school building. Staff reminded the Board that the School Board and
Board of Supervisors have a committee that is looking into this and other property
owned by the two entities. The School Board presently owns the old elementary school
building.
Mr. Robinson passed out his presentation. He stated that they had held a school reunion
recently and had received many calls regarding the success of this event and would like
to continue this as a tradition. They had to limit their attendance to about 450 individuals
due to the space available. They expect to double their attendance at the next reunion.
They are concerned about the status of the building as well as the uses for this property.
Carver-Price has a long history and they would like to see this building preserved and
converted back to its original intended use — to be used to educate citizens of this County.