152
This joint public hearing provides property owners with the opportunity to present their
zoning petitions, and concerned citizens with the chance to speak in support of or against the
petitions, before the Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors.
Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the
petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting that will
immediate follow the public hearing.
We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by
comments from individuals to speak for the petition, and finally by individuals speaking
against the petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address
for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham.
Mr. Stidham stated there was one Zoning Petition and one amendment to the Appomattox County
Zoning Ordinance to be heard. Mr. Stidham read the first petition:
02-509 - Shirley D. Wheeler, Dean S. Hamilton, Frank R. Brina and others. Rezone
properties from R-1 Residential to A-1 Agricultural per §170-8 of the Appomattox County
Zoning Ordinance. Properties are located on Rt. 644 between Rt. 727 and Dead End. Tax
Map Number for these properties are available in the County Administrator’s Office.
Mr. Stidham called for comments regarding this petition.
Mr. Shirley D. Wheeler, Route 5, Box 800, Appomattox, Va. came forward and stated she lived ona
cul-de-sac on Route 644. She recently had a fire and wished to put a mobile home on her property
which already has mobile homes on adjacent lots. Her neighbors are in agreement with her on this
rezoning. She has also found out that she could do a re-zone to R-2 with conditional use. She
would, therefore, like to ask for an amendment to change from R-1 to A-1 to R-2 with conditional
use.
Mr. Frank R. Brina of Route 5, Box 809, Appomattox, Va. came forward and stated he has no
objections to this petition. He presently lives in a double-wide and there are also other mobile home
in the neighborhood.
Ms. Anna Hamilton, Route 5, Box 818, Appomattox, Va spoke next. Ms. Hamilton has no objections
to the petition. Her property is currently zoned A-1 adjacent to the cul-de-sac and she also lives ina
mobile home.
Mr. Walter Davenport, Route 644 and Rt. 727, Appomattox, Va. spoke against this petition. Mr.
Davenport stated he had requested to place a mobile home on his property but was denied
permission. He is not against the placement of a mobile home on this site, he is against the rezoning
to agriculture. He is concerned about livestock being permitted on the small lots.