240
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting which was recessed from March 17, 2003
and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter then called attention to the ADMINISTRATION ITEMS of the Agenda:
1. Courthouse Contractor Selection: Bids for the courthouse project were opened
at 2:00 p.m. today. Bid documents contained seven (7) alternates for
construction. Gary Harvey of Craddock-Cummingham Architectural Partnership
has provided a memo describing each alternate and its anticipated cost. Ms.
Williams and Mr. Moore of the Courthouse Committee will provide
recommendations concerning the contractor and the alternates to select based
upon the bid opening. In accordance with Judge Poston’s order, the Board must
select a contractor at this meeting. A hearing has been scheduled by Judge Poston
for April 1 regarding this deadline. Staff recommends that the Board make the
selection of the contractor and also determine the alternatives desired for
inclusion in the project at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Kendrick stated the Board has not agreed to any of the alternates and since they have
not seen any of the bids he feels they should go with a base bid at this time because they
can make a decision later on these alternates.
Mr. Kendrick then made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to select a contractor based
on the base bid without the alternates since the Board has not made any decisions on
these alternates. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
There was some discussion regarding the contractor selected according to the lowest bid.
The Board was informed that J. E. Jamerson is the low bidder on the project at
$3,751,000.00 for the base bid..
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the Courthouse project
contract be awarded to J. E. Jamerson. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Bond Underwriter RFQ: Responses from the potential bond underwriters for
the Courthouse project were received on Friday, March 28". The Board may
wish to interview the potential underwriter. Staff will provide a recommendation
at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Carroll stated that based on the RFQs received he did not see any reason why we
would not continue to work with Davenport & Company. The figure they quoted was
definitely in line with the one received from Ferris, Baker, Watts. The County has
worked with Ferris, Baker, Watts in the past and had no problems with them. However,
he feels we should continue with Davenport at this time.
Mr. Moore stated that he had reviewed the three bids received and that he came to the
same conclusion as Mr. Carroll.