490
Mr. Carter next called attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 16-198)
16. Virginia Cooperative Extension: Report of Extension programming in
Appomattox County for calendar year 2003.
17. Appomattox Town Council Agenda: Agenda for Town Council meeting of 2-
24-2004.
18. Virginia’s Retreat 2003 Annual Report: 2003 Annual Report from Virginia’s
Retreat, a tourism consortium comprised of twelve counties and the City of
Petersburg.
19. Building Maintenance Request/Lights on Library Request: Facilities
Foreman Barry Watkins is working with contractors to update their prices for
painting the various County buildings. He is also pricing new exterior doors and
interior floor tiles for Social Services. Mr. Watkins is also working with those
interested in lighting Watt Abbitt Park. A report should be ready by the next
meeting.
Mr. Carter next called for SUPERVISOR CONCERNS:
Mr. Craft gave a brief report on the meeting with the Rescue Squad Personnel. The
Squad has a membership of approximately 40. Thirteen (13) of them are able to take
day calls. It has become increasingly difficult for members to leave their places of
employment to run calls. They discussed having a paid day-time crew, charging for each
run they make. Personnel feel they get a lot of unnecessary calls for assistance,
assistance that could have been provided by friends, and/or neighbors. More meetings
will be held in the future
Mr. Carter then advised the Board that a closed session was necessary in accordance
with §2.2-3711 A. 1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of personnel
matters.
At 7:34 p.m. Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to enter into a closed
session in accordance with §2.2-3711 A. 1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussion of personnel matters: consideration of employing a County Administrator and
performance of a employee. | VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
At 8:10 p.m. the Board returned to regular session.
Mr. Carter called for a brief recess.
At 8:12 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to enter into another
Closed session in accordance with §2.2-3711 A. 1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose
of discussion of personnel matter — performance of an individual employee. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1
absent)
At 8:19 p.m. the Board returned to regular session where Mr. Carter read the following
certifying resolution:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under § 2.2- 3711 A. 1.- of the
Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing personnel matters: consideration of
employing a County Administrator and performance of two (2) individual employees.