354
Mr. Bosiger then brought to the Board’s attention that several rabies clinics were
scheduled for the county. Mr. Bosiger also stated that according to Virginia Code, the
Board would need to declare that a need for such clinics existed within the county.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that there was a need within the
county for rabies clinics. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carroll then explained that Dr. Burger, who is holding (2) two of the clinics, had
requested that the Board help with the advertising cost of the clinics. Mr. Bosiger
explained that County Line Hunt Club was also holding a rabies clinic.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Board pay for the
advertising for Dr. Burger’s clinic which had already been placed in the Times Virginian.
Discussion followed. After the discussion Mr. Carter withdrew his motion.
Mr. Torrence then made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore that the Board advertise the
various rabies clinics held within the county with regards to location, date, and time but
make no mention as to the attending veterinarian. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained to the Board that a date should be set for the annual joint
meeting with the Town Council. The Board agreed on Saturday, February 28, 1998, 8:00
AM. at the Community Center and directed Mr. Carroll to determine if this suited the
Town Council.
Mr. Bosiger asked by supervisor concerns at this time.
Mr. Torrence brought to the Board his request that the Board consider paying $300.00-
$1,000.00 to survey the property line for Mr. Davis in “Frog Bottom”. After discussion
no action was taken.
Mr. Carter then mentioned that there was no speed limit sign on Route 131 as you come
off the by-pass and head toward town. Mr. Carter also explained he had received several
calls from citizens concerning the speed limit on Route 727 in front of the high school.
Mr. Carter was asked to bring these matters to VDOT resident engineer Sandra Lindsey
so she might address them at the Boards next meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal
matter. Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:04 P.M., seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into
an executive session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 9:25 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.