363
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 6:36 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into executive
session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Torrence it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 7:21 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Torrence, the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
>
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Mr. Bosiger asked for any action from the executive session.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow Emanuel Tire of
Virginia to bring in a total of fifteen trailers on Thursday and Friday (February 12
and 13) and fifteen trailers the following week. As long as they were in
compliance by February 20, 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn at 7:38 P.M. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
A 4 p77
wa }
Chairman U