316
Planning Commission is made up of citizens; they feel very strong regarding this
position.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to
accept the ordinance as written and submitted by the Planning Commission.
Amendment to Article XV, Special Provisions for Certain Uses
§170-82. Accessory and temporary buildings
B. Special restrictions.
(6) Mobile and manufactured homes shall not be used as accessory
buildings in any district.
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carwile, nay; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye (3 aye votes, 1 nay vote and 1 absent).
At 7:42 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:49 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the meeting.
5. Meetings with Appomattox Town Council: Mayor Spiggle met with the Board
on June 16" and requested that the Board set a date to meet with the Town
Council to discuss tourism issues.
There was a discussion regarding what we would like to see on the agenda, the Town’s
issues and recommendations to alleviate their concerns. We would very much like to
have the cooperation of all concerned. Consensus was to have concems by July 21*
meeting and then set a date for a meeting.
Mr. Carter next called for the Consent Agenda: (Items 6 - 12)
6. Approval of Bills: Approve bills as presented for payment.
7. Approval of Minutes: Approve minutes of Recessed meeting on May 15, 2003;
Regular meeting of May 19, 2003; Regular meeting of June 2, 2003 and Regular
meeting and Public Hearing of June 16, 2003.
669? 66?
There were two corrections to the minutes: pg. 22 — 5" para. “e” to “r” and
pg. 26-6" para “and” to “in”.
BOARD ACTIONS:
8. Festival Permit: Stonewall Vineyards has requested to hold Summer Cooler II &
Ill. The Vineyard failed to get the permit request in before the Board meeting.
The Chair was contacted and permission was granted to hold this event on June
28"" under the normal circumstances that the Board authorizes these events. The
Vineyard has been provided a list of Board meeting dates so they can submit their
requests prior to the meeting dates. No future requests will be approved outside
of these guidelines.
FUND TRANSFERS: