918
Mr. Carwile agreed and stated that we had the tapes, as well as there were other tapes
available of that meeting.
Mrs. Ferguson stated that she might need to listen to the other tape because sometime her
tape did not pick up people that were not at the Board table.
Mr. Carwile stated that this was necessary to be fair to all concerned.
Mr. Bosiger stated that the Board would hold the minutes of October 5, 1998 until the
next meeting when Mrs. Ferguson had been able to review the tapes and offer revisions
for approval.
Mr. Lawson stated that he did not feel that it would be appropriate to contact Mrs. Austin
and ask her who she represented and that the only alternative would be to record her
statement as it was made.
Mr. Carwile stated that the only comment he had to make on this matter was, as the
speaker, and being unable to identify anyone she was referring to, then you would have to
state that she was speaking for herself.
Mr. Torrence stated that he did not see the relevance to Mr. Carwile’s request.
Mr. Bosiger stated that the minutes were accurate.
Mr. Torrence stated that he hoped that the Board would not act on a number of people in
attendance. Mr. Torrence continued that he hoped that any action the Board took would
be legal. He continued that he understood that at times mistakes could be made but he
felt that the Board operated under the premise that any action they took was legal.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he remembered talking about the emergency ordinance, but he did
not remember a direct question being asked of Mr. Lawson, if the moratorium was legal.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt the way it was stated about Julie Austin was correct.
Mr. Carwile stated that he only mentioned the people that Julie Austin made reference to
because he thought maybe there had been a list presented that he had missed.
Mr. Bosiger stated then if he understood correctly Mr. Carwile was willing to let the issue
of who Mrs. Julie Austin was referring to stand as it is and only the matter of Mr.
Lawson’s response to the moratorium be researched.
Mr. Carwile stated that was fine with him.
Mr. Bosiger restated the motion, Mr. Carwile made a motion that the minutes of the
regular meeting of October 5, 1998 be approved as written, except that the tape be
searched to see if there was a question and a response being given on the legality of the