Mr. Paulette then called for additions or corrections to the minutes.
Mr. Bosiger stated he had one correction in the minutes of the regular meeting of
November 3, 1997, page 8 of the draft copy, the motion on a new position for the
Sheriff's Department was made by Mr. Carwile not Mr. Paulette.
Mr. Carwile stated that in the same discussion he questioned if the vote on the
amendment to the original motion was correct, given the vote on the original motion.
Mr. Paulette stated that the vote on the amendment was correct.
Mr. Paulette then called for a motion to approve the minutes as corrected.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Bosiger to approve the minutes as
corrected. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette stated he would like to recognize Chris Ketcherstid, a Boy Scout, who has
been working on his citizenship badge for several months. Mr. Paulette continued that
one of Chris’ steps required that he attend a public meeting of the Board.
Mr. Paulette next called Mr. Jack Baker and Sheriff Staples to come forward.
Mr. Paulette stated that Jack Baker has helped the County and the Sheriff’s Department
in a special way, and therefore the Sheriff and the Board wished to thank Mr. Baker by
presenting him with an outstanding citizen plaque.
Mr. Paulette then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT, Resident Engineer, to come
forward.
Ms. Lindsay explained that she was requesting three resolutions from the Board. Two
resolutions were involving paving roads with less than 40 feet of right of way and one
resolution was to adopt the six year plan and budget.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolutions:
WHEREAS, the 1997 Session of Virginia General Assembly amended and re-enacted
Section 33.1-70.1 of the Code of Virginia relating to the paving of certain secondary
roads, and
WHEREAS, this act provides for the adoption of a resolution by the governing body of
any county requesting the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) to consider the
hardsurfacing of any secondary road meeting the criteria prescribed by this statute, and