238
At 7:20 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors meeting
and called for Supervisor Concerns.
There were no Supervisor Concerns to be discussed.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Carroll to bring everyone up to date on the Courthouse project.
Mr. Carroll stated the temporary courthouse is essentially operational. It required the
construction o f several partition walls to direct public traffic flow within the c afeteria
area, the library area and the halls. The chairs along with some desks borrowed from the
school are in place. Three separate conference rooms were constructed to be used by
attorneys, etc. Two holding cells were constructed in the back of the cafeteria area for
inmates. A judges bench, witness stand have also been constructed. Barry Watkins, our
maintenance supervisor has really done a lot of work in the last month getting this area
ready for court. Signs have been placed to direct people to the rear of the building where
the courtroom entrance is located. Tomorrow is the first day of court in the temporary
setting and hopefully everything will be OK. If not, we will try to correct these.
The Registrar’s office was re-located as well as the Victim-Witness Advocate.
Bids were received on the demolition with J. E. Sears being the low bidder. ($29,662.00).
Most of this work will start next week. Asbestos tile and mastic was removed last Friday
and Saturday. This was done by First Action Systems. Demolition is scheduled to be
finished on or before April 25" with construction to begin on or before April 30. The
time lines are very tight. Bids for construction are due on March 31 at which time the
Board will interview contractors and make your selection.
Mr. Moore also complimented Mr. Watkins on getting everything done that needed to be
done in a limited amount time.
The Board as a whole congratulated everyone involved in this project on a job well done.
At 7:40 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:45 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the meeting and stated the need to enter into a closed
session.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into closed meeting in
accordance with §2.2-3711 (A) 7 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation
with legal counsel and briefings by staff members regarding litigation, specifically,
Tommy O’Brien et al vs. Board of Supervisors. (Biosolids)
Mr. John Gibney and Mr. Bob Dybing of Shuford, Rupert & Gibney, Attorneys at Law
were present for this closed meeting.
At 8:22 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)