423
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Treasurer be, and is hereby, authorized
to transfer from the General Revenue Funds pursuant this Resolution, as monies become
available, and from time to time to meet the expenditures for amounts appropriated sums
equal to, but not in excess of, the appropriations indicated for transfer, as Transfer to
Schools (Operation) and Transfer to Department of Social Services for the period covered
by this Appropriation Resolution. Other inter-fund transfers shall be in accordance with
the direction of the Board of Supervisors. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, nay. (A complete copy of the FY99
Adopted budget and revenue estimate is on file in the County Administrator’s Office).
Mr. Bosiger assured the School Board that if they had needs at a later date they could feel
free to approach the Board with an additional funding request.
Mr. Bosiger explained that he would need to leave the meeting at this point and turned
the meeting over to Mr. Moore, Vice Chairman.
Mr. Moore then called on Mr. Earl Dickerson, of Hurt and Proffitt, to appear before the
Board.
Mr. Dickerson began that his purpose for appearing before the Board of Supervisors was
to provide cost figures for groundwater monitoring sampling and analysis. Mr.
Dickerson provided the Board of Supervisors with a handout detailing cost and a plan of
action. (Letter on file in the Board File for the month of June 1998.)
Mr. Dickerson then answered questions of the Board members.
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mr. Dickerson and called upon Mrs. Terri Conrad to
appear before the Board.
Mrs. Conrad began by explaining her reason for requesting an appearance with the Board
was to explain her previous request for a citizen to be appointed to some of VACO’s
Steering Committees. Mrs. Conrad continued that in the past VACO had contended that
only elected officials could hold seats on their Steering Committees, but after review of
their bylaws, VACO agreed that there is nothing in the bylaws to prohibit a citizen
appointment. Mrs. Conrad explained she felt it was very important that rural counties be
represented on these committees. Mrs. Conrad volunteered to serve on one of these
committees if the Board of Supervisors would like for her to serve.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to make citizen
appointments to some of VACO’s Steering Committees. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
By consensus of the Board, it was agreed to make the appointments at the June 15, 1998
meeting, in order to allow input from Mr. Bosiger.