458
18. Pamplin Letter concerning Abandonment of Rail Line East of Pamplin:
Letter commenting on proposed abandonment by Norfolk Southern of rail lines
east of Pamplin.
19: Supervisor Concerns: Mr. Carter asked if anyone had concerns they wished to
discuss at this time.
Mr. Craft has had several inquires regarding the water line project. Is this etched in
stone?
Mr. Carter brought the new members up to speed on what had transpired on this
project. This is a joint venture between the County and the Town of Appomattox. A
study has been done and the data is being complied. It is Mr. Carter’s belief that this
study will be presented at the next meeting of the Appomattox Town Council by Mr.
Garrett and Mr. Bill Gillespie. This information will probably be presented to the Board
of Supervisors at a meeting in March. To help everyone with the ins and outs that went
into this study, it has been requested that the Board of Supervisors meet with the Town
Council for an open workshop session.
Mr. Carter stated he wished to comment on an article appearing in the Lynchburg News
& Advance on January 17, 2004. Mr. Carter stated that Appomattox has a high rate of
unemployment and, therefore, we are economically distressed. Some of the reasons we
are economically distressed is because of State and Federal unfunded mandates. Mr.
Ben Cline, a local delegate who represents Rockbridge and parts of Amherst, made a
statement that is contrary to Region 2000's adopted Legislative Agenda for this General
Assembly Session. Mr. Cline stated “at this point the Speaker of the House and General
Assembly feel that no tax increases are necessary and I agree with his position. Now
that the economy in recovering, I think we can continue on that path without raising
taxes.” We know that something has to be done so that citizens in every locality, are
not completely drained by personal property and real estate taxes and that we are able
to fund all the necessary qualities of life that we as citizens expect and demand from our
local government.
Mr. Carter read a portion of the Legislative Agenda that was submitted to each of the
Representatives of the General Assembly from the localities in Region 2000.
Mr. Carter is asking the Board of Supervisors to adopt a resolution endorsing again, the
Legislative Agenda that Region 2000 sent to our elected representatives and stress that
they abide by this agenda. We represent the people as do these representatives and
congressmen. When they do not go by what the people say, they are not doing what
they were elected to do.
Mr. Spencer will develop a resolution to this effect and present it at the next meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that it was necessary to hold a closed session in accordance with §2.2
— 3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of personnel matters
and §2.2 — 3711 A.7 for discussion of legal matters pertaining to Biosolids.