22
department. We cannot stand a 2 million dollar increase in the School Budget.
We have a lot of unknown costs with the upcoming Courthouse situation and the landfill.
Mr. Carwile would like to see the budget cut by 5% and not honor the payment of health
insurance premiums.
Mr. Moore recognizes the situation we are in financially. He does not want to raise taxes. Set
the rate at an amount that is necessary. He is not willing to increase funding, but would support
level funding.
Mr. Hancock would also favor level funding and keep tax rates low for our senior citizens. Set a
tax rate as low as we possibly can.
Mr. Kendrick stated that based on the lowered composite index, minimal funding should be
considered for the School System.. The Courthouse project will be more than we had originally
planned. Also without a regional court system, we will have poor utilization of the proposed
courthouse. With the current equalization coming back at 67 cents, we must cut expenses in
order to keep the tax rate at 67 cents or lower.
He would like to look at restructuring our current debt service in order to lower taxes. He is very
concerned with the tax rate and wants to take the rate down. If we do not look at restructuring,
our tax rate will cause some people to leave the area and will definitely prevent new families and
businesses from locating here. He would like to see a tax rate of 60 cents. He would like to have
Davenport look into this.
Mr. Carter feels the entire Board has the citizens in mind. He agrees that all county funded
departments much share the pain. Localities cannot continue to pick up the slack from State
reduced funding. He would like to level fund as much as possible. He is not in favor, nor has
anyone advocated, a tax increase. This Board is united in this decision, and it is and will continue
to look out for the people who put us in this position.
At 10:10 p.m. Mr. Carter declared a recess.
At 10:20 p.m. the meeting was reopened.
At this time Mr. Carroll discussed the budget information given to the Board. The one thing that
needs to be addressed is establishing a Capitol Improvements Program which includes going to a
public hearing with projects, scheduling these out. Most localities seem to do these in the fall in
preparing for the upcoming budget. We may need to look into something of this type for future
budget considerations.
Mr. Carroll explained to the Board how he went about asking each department for their budget
figures for this year. The narratives are included in the notebook each Supervisors received.
Each notebook includes a Table of Contents and is broken down by Departments, etc.