473
3. Resolution Requesting Secondary Road Paving: The VDOT Resident
Engineer has determined that portions of Route 675 are eligible for paving under
the Paved in Place Program. Unlike the Rural Rustic Program, this program
allows for needed upgrades behind the ditch line. VDOT Resident Engineer has
also provided resolutions to be adopted by the Board that will make this an
official request to VDOT.
Recommendation is that the resolutions be adopted and forwarded to the local
VDOT Resident Engineer.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to adopt the following resolutions for
Paving of Secondary Roads (Route 675).
WHEREAS, the 1997 Session of the Virginia General Assembly amended and
re-enacted Section 33.1-70.1 of the Code of Virginia relating to the paving of certain
secondary roads using a pave-in-place option, and
WHEREAS, this act provides for the adoption of a resolution by the governing
body of any county requesting the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) to
consider the hardsurfacing of any secondary road meeting the criteria prescribed by this
statute, and
WHEREAS, Route 675 between Route 644 and 0.90 mile east of Route 644 is
included in the current six-year plan for improvements to the secondary sy stem in the
county, and
WHEREAS, this Board has requested VDOT’s Resident Engineer to review this
section of road to determine if it is a viable candidate for hardsurfacing under the
provisions of this statute, and
WHEREAS, the Resident Engineer has determined that this road is eligible for
paving under this statute.
BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby requests that the Department of Transportation hardsurface this road
in accordance with the provisions of Section 33.1-70.1 of the Code of Virginia and the
related policies of that agency.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution be
forwarded to the Resident Engineer of the Virginia Department of Transportation.
And
WHEREAS, the 1997 Session of the Virginia General Assembly amended and
re-enacted Section 33.1-70.1 of the Code of Virginia relating to the paving of certain
secondary roads using a pave-in-place option, and