231
LET IT BE FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, the Appomattox Town Council, and the Pamplin Town Council do hereby
endorse the creation of an independent non-profit foundation, with membership from
local, national, and international businesses and individuals providing financial support
and leadership to achieve the community’s tourism objectives.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Cooperative Procurement Agreement: The Board has received the proposed
Cooperative Procurement agreement between Appomattox County and the Region
2000 Regional Commission for Consultant Services and the Process for
Engagement of Consultant Services which outlines the way this agreement would
work ifexecuted. S taff believes this process will allow the County to receive
competitive prices for small projects from qualified firms, allow for more
expedited process, saving both time and effort.
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to execute
the Cooperative Procurement Agreement as presented:
REGION 2000 REGIONAL COMMISSION
COOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT AGREEMENT
The Region 2000 Regional Commission and the County of Appomattox do hereby agree
to enter into a cooperative procurement agreement for the purchase of consultant services
from the pre-qualified firms listed in Attachment “A” under the terms and conditions
identified in the multi-user contract, Attachment “B”. In addition the above noted entity
agrees to follow the procedures for the use of this multi-user contract as noted in
Attachment “C”.
The Region 2000 Regional Commission Agrees to the following:
1. Provide a copy of the multi-user contract and any subsequent changes during the
life of the contract.
2: Facilitates all contract disputes and/or failure of the consultant to meet scope of
service expectations.
3. Provide assistance in the development of a scope of services agreement with the
consultant and negotiations of fees.
4. Provide billing and contract administration services, if needed, for a negotiated
fee based on the scope of services required.
3: Provide a written post contract evaluation to the multi-contract user of the
consultant services provided.
Appomattox County agree to the following:
1. Ensure that prompt payment is made for services rendered.
2. Ensure that a written scope of work is developed before the authorization of any
services are performed.