183
$38.11 and we have not received much more in service during this period. Recently,
NESBS exchanged WGN for Animal Planet, a less popular channel. The entire message
of his presentation is he feels the cable agreement should be looked at because the
citizens of Appomattox are not getting the most for their money.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Rosser and moved to the first item on the agenda.
At 6:36 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing on the VDOT Six-Year Plan:
Present from VDOT: Don Austin, Resident Engineer, Appomattox Office
Milton Thacker, Assistant Resident Engineer
Cathy Arrington
Donald Harvey
Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to speak to the Board regarding the VDOT Six-Year
Plan and the priorities for the 2003-2004 Budget. Also requests for Improvements and
New Additions will be considered at this time. Hearing none, Mr. Carter asked Mr. Don
Austin to go over the plan with the Board.
Mr. Austin began by stating that Route 641 — Church Street was being considered for
some different type of construction, probably less than originally planned. Also Route
652- Beeks Lane — The bid came in less than anticipated. He feels that they will have
sufficient funds to do this job.
Funds have already been cut from $1 million last year to around $600,000 today, as a
result of cuts in funding from road taxes.
Mr. Austin then answered some questions presented by Mr. Carwile and Mr. John
Wilson.
Mr. Austin will have a Resolution for adoption at the December 16" meeting.
At 6:50 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing on the VDOT Six year Plan.
Mr. Carter called upon Mr. Danny Jobe, General Manager of NESBE Cable to address
some concerns from citizens and a letter from Mr. John Wilson.
Mr. Jobe stated the problem the first part of October took a long time to get fixed. They
first thought the cause was a bullet severing a fiber optic cable. This was not true, it was
a squirrel chewing the cable. There are 26 miles of cable in Appomattox and 20 miles
between Rustburg and Appomattox. It took some time to locate the damaged cable. Once
the damage was located the problem was repaired. In an attempt to prevent this
occurrence in the future, they have treated the cable with a hard plastic coating and tar on
the poles to keep the squirrels away.
In reference to Mr. Wilson’s letter, Mr. Jobe stated they have people on call 24 hours a
day. They are provided with the best information available at the time. Also restoration