591
Mr. Slagle thanked the Board for the opportunity to come before them and update them
on the progress that has been made on the industrial park. Mr. Slagle explained that the
1.D.A. was looking at the year 2000 for the industrial park to be ready for the first tenant.
Mr. Slagle stated that the I.D.A. planned to have the water and sewer in place in 1999.
Mr. Slagle gave a very informative report on the progress being made by the I.D.A.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Slagle and called on Mr. Steve Conner to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Conner explained that his reason for meeting with the Board was to receive the
information that he had requested at the January 19, 1999 meeting.
Mr. Bosiger provided Mr. Conner with several handouts with some of the information
that he had requested.
Mr. Conner questioned if the Subdivision Review Committee for the Planning
Commission could legally meet by telephone.
Mr. Lawson stated that he would have to look into this matter before he provided Mr.
Conner with an answer.
Mr. Conner also asked by what criteria were these plats evaluated?
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Lawson would get
with Mr. Sears and find the answers to Mr. Conner’s questions concerning the committee
and the evaluation criteria for subdivision plats.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Conner and called Mr. Jim Burruss to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Burruss explained that Mr. Conner represented his interest in the County and he
would like to have Mr. Conner sit with him while he went over his concerns with the
Board. Mr. Burruss explained that his reason for appearing before the Board was a
concern that several parcels of property he had subdivided in accordance with A-1 lot
requirements had been recommended by the Planning Commission for rezoning. Mr.
Burruss continued that he did not feel this was legal since he had met all the subdivision
requirements and his lot sizes conformed to A-1 lot size requirements. Mr. Burruss stated
that he did not wish to have his lots rezoned from A-1 to R-1 or R-2 and that he did not
feel the County had the right to demand that he have this done prior to approving his
subdivision plat.
A lengthy discussion followed.
Mr. Bosiger assured Mr. Burruss that Mr. Lawson would look into his questions and have
an answer within a month.