492
WHEREAS, agreements formed between jurisdictions will only include the joint
industrial site and no other land areas within the jurisdictions, and
WHEREAS, a referendum would still be required by the participating counties to
participate in a joint industrial park project and any and all other types of debt, and
WHEREAS, the general assembly would develop implementing legislation for the
administration of the joint site, and
WHEREAS, the administration of the joint site would be the responsibility of elected
officials of those jurisdictions who chose to participate, and
WHEREAS, the tax rate on the businesses within the joint site would be determined by
the local elected officials chosen to administer the site, which taxes would be used to
repay any debt created to develop the joint industrial park, and
WHEREAS, any debt incurred to develop the joint industrial park will not be assigned to
the individual participating localities and will not be counted against their local debt
ceiling, nor create any new taxes on the general public, and
WHEREAS, the passage of these two amendments would only allow participating local
governments to work together at their option., for the benefit of citizen’s of the entire
region, and
WHEREAS, other neighboring states, who compete with Virginia for jobs are not
prevented by constitutional restrictions from entering into these type agreements, thereby
being more responsive and capable of joint agreements of this type, now
THEREFORE be it resolved, that the Board of Supervisors, of the County of
Appomattox herewith support the passage of Amendment #3 and #4 and encourage the
voters of this jurisdiction to vote “YES” for both of these amendments in November.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then informed the other members of the Board that there were to zoning
petitions that the Planning Commission had recommended for approval.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve petition number 98-
350 of Fred Jones for a Conditional Use Permit to allow off premise sign to be located on
Parcel Tax Map #62-5-C located on Route 460 between Route 646 and Route 732.
Property is zoned B-1. Also, petition number 98-351 of Fred Jones to rezone property
from A-1 to B-1 with Conditional Use for off premise signs. Property is Tax Map Parcel
#62-A-10A and is located on Route 460 between Route 703 and Route 674. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.