450
Chamber has also delegated most of the tourism business over to the Visitor’s Center.
The Chamber also is on firm ground and is doing fine.
Mr. Guild stated that advertising is the only way to attract tourism to our community.
He is requesting that the Board reinstate some of the money withdrawn from the
Chamber. He is also asking that money be made available for the Civil War re-
enactment. They are looking for about $2,000. Last year the Board gave them $5,000.
One of the things they need help with is the insurance. This runs us about $2,000.
Instead of them buying this insurance, would the Board consider picking up a rider on
the County’s policy, at a cost of approximately $200 or $300, this would help the Re-
enactment Committee tremendously.
Mr. Guild also stated that there was an increase in the Visitor's Center activity during the
Railroad Festival and the Re-enactment events.
Mr. Dale Campbell came forward to speak on behalf of the residents on Route 667 and
the surrounding area regarding the Board’s recent decision to close the dumpster site on
Rt. 667 and Rt. 668. After speaking with some of his neighbors they decided to see
how many of the neighbors were in favor of closing this site. They have a petition
containing approximately 225 names of those who wish to keep the site at its present
location. Mr. Campbell stated that he passes the dumpster site several times a day and
the only time he has seen anyone hanging around is when a couple of the neighbors run
into each other and talk for a while, and he has not seen any vehicles parked there.
The majority of the residents do not have children and this trash bin is about the only
service they receive from the County with the exception of police protection.
If the Board decides to leave this dumpster site open, Mr. Campbell suggested that the
Board consider placing a platform at the site for easier access for the elderly and
possibly constructing a fence around part of the site.
Ms. Penny Taylor came forward and stated she would like to see this dumpster site left
open because if people do not have a dumpster nearby, they tend to throw their trash
on the road side.
Ms. Taylor would also like to address the water situation in Appomattox and she would
like to offer some suggestions as to the direction she feels the Board should take.
Appomattox does not need to be dependent upon another County for its water supply,
we need to stand on our own. She feels the building of a reservoir is the best way to
accomplish this. This may be down the road a ways but we need to look down the
road, not just for a quick fix. We need to look to the future for our children,
grandchildren, etc. Water is a commodity most of us take for granted. If we pump
water from another County, what price limits do we face. If there were a water
shortage, they would look after their own first and we may not receive any water at all.
In building a reservoir, we are not only looking at a water supply but recreation
activities, as well as possible housing developments. This would also be a source of
revenue. Land is available, water sources are available and the Board needs to take the
“Bull by the Horns” and look at this whereby we can be self-sufficient. She is asking that