470
management for water sources in drought conditions. Mr. Garrett gave a brief history of
where they have been so far. He also briefly touched on the various funding sources for
the project. There are still a lot of issues and questions to be resolved such as
ownership, rate structure, establishing a Public Service Authority and when this should
be done, who should seek funding, who would lobby for the project, who will evaluate
design options, cost alternatives, who would mount the public/private support for the
project, and would coordinate the applications involved in the project. The success of
this project will depend on the time and energy placed on the project “You get out of it
what you put into it”.
The Committee recommendations are to contract with the Regional Commission to have
this work done for us, to be the Project Manager and get this up and running. If we do
not have someone dedicated to doing this, it will fall on deaf ears, and just prolong this
issue. This would be the most cost efficient approach. The Town and the County would
need to set aside approximately $25,000 in the FY05 budget to get this project going in
the next twelve months.
Mr. Garrett asked if anyone had any questions.
Mr. Craft asked if the 460 Line was definite.
Mr. Garrett stated it was pretty solid but that negotiated rates or other issues could
arise.
Mr. Conrad questioned how long it would take to build a reservoir. We have spent years
on this and we need to do something soon.
There was a lengthy discussion regarding the various options regarding this water
project.
At 7:53 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short break.
At 8:00 p.m., Mr. Carter re-convened the meeting and called attention to the
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (items 1-5)
1. Resolution Supporting Biking Trails Grant Application: Resolution
supporting a planned grant application to the Department of Conservation and
Recreations in the amount of $100,000. If approved, these funds would be used
at the Appomattox Community Park to construct hiking and biking trails, erect
signage, and provide ADA accessibility to part of the trail system. A 20% match
is required to received these funds, but will be covered by in-kind and donated
contributions, meaning that no County funds will be needed.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to approve the following resolution:
RESOLUTION OF SUPPORT
GRANT REQUEST
APPOMATTOX COUNTY