315
health insurance program with the condition that the program is ready for the new
coverage year.
Mr. Carroll explained the differences between the two plans as presented.
After a brief question and answer period with Mr. Gillespie, Mr. Kendrick made a motion
seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the Regional Health Insurance program contingent
upon it being ready for the new plan year (October 1). VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes 1 absent).
3. Planning Commission Recommendations: Petition 03-519 of Warren E. &
Elaine Guill — Conditional use permit to establish a private cemetery in the R-1
District per §170-37(A)(1) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance.
Property is located on Route 660 between Rt. 26 and Rt. 661, tax map #38(1)3.
The Planning Commission motion recommending approval of this petition with
condition that the petitioner record a Deed of Easement to identify the location of
the family cemetery failed for lack of a majority vote. The Planning Commission
agreed to send the petition to the Board for consideration.
Mr. Carwile stated that the Planning Commission’s actions do not stop this Board from
moving forward. However, he strongly feels the petitioners should have this Deed of
Easement recorded.
Mr. Carwile made a motion that Petition #03-519 of Warren E. & Elaine Guill
requesting a conditional use permit to establish a private cemetery in the R-1 District per
§170-37(A) (1) of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance be approved with the
condition that the petitioner record a Deed of Easement to identify the location of the
family cemetery with the Clerk of the Circuit Court. Mr. Moore seconded the motion.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent).
4. Mobile Home Ordinance: At the June 16" meeting the Planning Commission
and the Board of Supervisors discussed the proposed ordinance affecting mobile
homes usage as an accessory building within the County. No action was taken at
that time. Staff recommends that the Board give consideration to the proposed
ordinance as submitted. If not acceptable, please give specific and detailed
alterations to the draft for incorporation into the ordinance.
Mr. Carwile maintains he cannot support this ordinance as presented. He can see
restrictions in R-1, R-2 and V-1 but thinks they should be allowed in A-1 and business
districts. This is too harsh on the people. Very few of these would be seen by the
traveling public.
Mr. Kendrick supported the Planning Commission’s recommendations at the last two
meetings. He doesn’t see the County doing anything to protect the citizens. The