147
b. Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy (CEDS) Committee: This
committee is required to qualify for funding from the Economic Development
Administration (EDA). The CEDS document is reviewed annually and updated every five
years, on the same cycle as the Comprehensive Plan. The EDA could be a funding partner
in various community improvement projects such as water source development and
infrastructure, workforce training center, etc. Staff is recommending that the Board endorse
the creation of the CEDS committee. If this committee is approved, appointments will be
made at the next meeting.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to table this issue until the next meeting.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
c. Workforce Training Center: The Board has received a feasibility study of the
establishment of a workforce training center in Appomattox. Staff has provided the proposed
scope of work outline for the project and a list of individuals that have been contacted and
are willing to serve on the committee. The Board needs to appoint the Workforce Training
Center Committee to finalize the proposed scope of work.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to appoint the Workforce Training Center
Committee as presented.
Al Sears, Beverly Ayers, Bill Slagle, Bob Babiley, Brett A. Vassey, Claude A. Moore, Connie
Staneck, Danny Inge, David Burtis, Del. Watkins Abbitt, Dr. Walter Krug, Garnett Mills, Harry
Blair, Sr., Joyce Bennett, Martha J. Eagle, Mike Rieley, Sarah Terry, Sen. Frank Ruff, Stan
Goldsmith, Theresa Bryant, Tina LeValley, Tucker Watkins and Winfred Nash.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. .
7. Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department: The Appomattox Volunteer Fire Department
building committee is requesting that the board give consideration to possibly funding the
full $150,000.00 in FY 2003 for the construction of the new AVFD building. The Board has
committed to $25,000.00 for 6 years as previously requested. The purpose of this request is
to save paying interest on the loan for the building.
After some discussion regarding what impact this would have on the County budget, the consensus
of the Board was to have the County Administrator look into this matter and present his findings at
the next meeting.
8. Letter to Commission on the Future of Virginia=s Environment: Staff has prepared a
letter to this Commission as it studies the biosolids issue. The Commission will make a
recommendation to the Senate and House committees of the General Assembly concerning
the regulation of biosolids in Virginia.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to support the sending of this letter to the