342
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act, and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Paulette called for any action from executive session. Mr. Bosiger made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence that:
Emanuel Tire of Virginia would be allowed to bring in tires to the landfill at a ratio of
three (3) tires off the ground for every one (1) tire off the truck. This 3 to 1 ratio would
be maintained on a weekly basis. The landfill would maintain the official log of tires in
and out. Emanuel Tire would no longer have free access to the gate. The gate will be
manned by landfill employees at all times and new locks will be placed on the landfill
entrance. Ms. Carter, will be responsible for maintaining the official tire logs to make
sure the 3 to 1 ratio is being met. No new tires will be placed on the ground, tires will
only come off the ground. Mr. Lawson, will investigate the possibility of attaching liens
to the equipment owned by Emanuel Tire of Virginia. Earl Dickerson, the county
engineer, will contact Department of Environmental Quality about compliance with the
permit. The county will ask Emanuel Tire to pay landfill employees for the time they
man the gate.
If Emanuel Tire does not meet the above requirements the County will 1) immediately
stop any in bound tires from entering the landfill, and 2) Mr. Lawson will execute the
liens. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye, Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adjourn meeting at 1:30 P.M.
Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Chairman