568
Mr. Bosiger then presented a resolution for approval for the 125 Plan for the County.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
The undersigned, being all of the members of the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox
County, in accordance with and pursuant to the Statutes do hereby unanimously authorize
and adopt the following resolution(s):
WHERAS, it is desirable to establish a “cafeteria plan” within the meaning of Section
125 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended from time to time, to provide certain
benefits to the Employees of the Corporation.
NOW, THEREFORE, RESOLVED, that the be and hereby is established and adopted
effective to read substantially in the form presented to this Board.
FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Administrator is authorized and directed to
execute such plan documents.
FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Administrator is authorized and directed to
perform any acts and execute any documents necessary or appropriate to effectuate this
resolution.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger turned the other members of the Board’s attention to the landfill report from
Mr. Carroll and also the letter from Hassan Vakili concerning the baler operation.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a line item transfer request for the landfill.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to transfer $7606.97 from 1101-
5804 to 4242-3002. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for other business.
Mrs. Ferguson informed the Board that Alison, her youngest daughter, had been selected
as a page in the Senate of Virginia.
Mr. Torrence suggested that Mr. Carroll write a letter to Miss Ferguson congratulating
her on her appointment.
Being no further business, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to
adjourn at 9:32 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Ed tes TK pray.
Garet K. Bosiger, Chgirman