Mr. Munsick thanked the Board of giving the concerned citizens of the County the opportunity toexpress their concerns. We all understand that you have had dumped on your shoulders aproblem that should be solved at the regional, state or even the national level, but therepresentatives and courts at those levels have abrogated their responsibility to protect us, so werely on you, the local elected officials, closest to the citizens and voters. It seems at this pointthat you are our last and best hope. The crust of this is, that no one can be sure what is or may bein biosolids at any given time. He referenced DDT, kudzu, Nutria in Florida, asbestos andtobacco. He is concerned about the chemicals in sewage. He asks the Supervisors to dowhatever they can to stop the spread of biosolids,
The next speaker was Charlotte Munsick, Route 628, Pamplin, VA.
Ms. Munsick made reference to an article in the Farmville Herald regarding the results of theVirginia Institute of Marine Sciences study on the effects of biosolids. The chemicals containedin the sludge are a grave concern for health risks and we should make every effort possible toprevent the use of this sludge in Appomattox County or any other county. She urges the Countyto pass a Deed restriction on land so treated but also that prospective buyers of that land are madeaware and protected by having notice of the biosolids application be included in the real estatelisting when the land is up for sale.
Mr. Carter called the next speaker, Bob McClenny of Route 1, Box 47 A, Pamplin, VA.
Mr. McClenny began by stating he is a professional soil scientist and does not really have aproblem with biosolids if it is properly supervised and complies with the ordinance. He doeshave some suggestions for the proposed ordinance: 1) application slopes of not over 7% isprobably too restrictive. The State regulates 15%, as this seems reasonable; 2) the separationsetbacks for houses of 200 ft. may not be enough, that distance probably should be extended; 3)biosolids should not be spread during the months of November thru February; 4) he would alsosuggest that a durable sign be put up with the date biosolids were applied and be maintained forat least three (3) years as opposed to deed restrictions; and 5) suggests that a tipping fee for theapplicators or a charge to the owner to pay for a county official to keep an eye on a trial portionofa field before applying biosolids in general. He hopes we will not shut the door entirely beforesome trial applications are done.
The next speaker was Dennis Torrence of Route 2, Box 506, Appomattox, Va.
Mr. Torrence agrees with Mr. McClenny that we should have them prove biosolids are good
before they try it here.
We have a great track record of keeping this a good place to live. In the last couple of years wehave proven that regardless of what comes down the pike we can say, we are not going to have it.