a
471
Mr. Bosiger then presented several line item transfer requests.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to transfer $2,000.00 from 4207-
1003 to 4207-5401. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to transfer $81.75 from 1101-5804
to 3401-3002. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request for additional funding from Virginia Cooperative
Extension in order to add a Family and Consumer Sciences Extension Agent in the
Appomattox Office.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed not to fund this position at
this time due to budget restraints.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the decision had been made to continue with Trigon for
the County’s health care coverage. Mr. Bosiger continued that the premium would
increase by $8.61 per month for the employees coverage. Mr. Bosiger explained that
Mrs. Ferguson was requesting the Board of Supervisors continue to pay the employees
premium at an additional cost to the County of approximately $7,749.00. Mr. Bosiger
explained that if this was approved it would require a line item transfer to cover the
additional expense.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to pay the employees premium for
health care coverage and transfer $7,749.00 from operating reserve to each department to
pay for this additional premium. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then informed the other members of the Board that Central Virginia Planning
District Commission’s Strategic Plan needed to be adopted.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt Central
Virginia Planning District Commission Strategic Plan as presented with the amendments
suggested by Bedford County. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Lynchburg Community Action Group, Inc. was willing
to handle the Indoor Plumbing Rehabilitation Loan Program for Appomattox County.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to allow Lynchburg Community
Action Group, Inc. to handle the Indoor Plumbing Rehabilitation Loan Program for
Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.