488
Whereas, the Code of Virginia also requires that a Notice of Abandonment be published
in the newspaper of local circulation at least two (2) times 30 days prior to the
Resolution of the Board abandoning these two roads; and
Whereas, the applicants have modified their request;
And Whereas, public notice of this modification cannot be printed within the time
frame required by the Code of Virginia for consideration by the Board of April 5, 2004.
Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved That the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
does hereby note receipt of said modified Petition of Abandonment and agrees to
reschedule consideration of said Petition to April 19, 2004, after proper public
notification according to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, including notification
of the Commonwealth Transportation Board.
Mr. Craft stated he had received additional information regarding this petition. There
are other properties in the area that people need access to. He feels a public hearing is
necessary.
Mr. Conrad stated he was under the impression that all of this property was owned by
Mr. Mirra. After visiting the area last week, he found out this was not the case. Some
of the landowners elected not to sell their property to Mr. Mirra and do not intend to do
so in the near future. He feels this road should be utilized by everyone and not
abandoned at this time.
Mr. Moore also has been contacted by property owners who are against the abandoning
of these roads. He does not feel he could agree to this resolution.
Mr. Overstreet informed the Board that statutes state a petition has to be heard. Notices
have to be placed on the roads and in the newspaper stating the petition will be
considered on a certain date, but that this consideration does not necessarily have to be
a public hearing. The Code further states that if a landowner abutting that road wishes
to have a public hearing, they must request in writing to the Board of Supervisors to
hold a public hearing. The property owners who do not wish this road to be abandoned,
need to request the Board to hold a public hearing. If this is done in a timely manner, a
public hearing could be scheduled for the same night as the consideration of
abandonment. After the public hearing, you have to be satisfied that “no public
necessity exists for the continuance of said road as a public road” or “that the safety and
welfare of the public would be served better by abandoning this road”.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, that consideration of the petition to
abandon portions of State Roads 721 and 671 be moved to April 19", 2004. VOTE: Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1
absent)
8. Added Appointment to Old Appomattox Elementary School Committee:
Mr. Carter would like to present the name of Ms. Rowena Robinson to be added
to this Committee.