ATT
Mrs. Nancy Almond spoke next and stated that she agreed with what the others had said.
Mr. Frank Metz came forward and stated that he wanted to know if this property would
be developed up as far as Route 608? Mr. Metz continued that he already had to contend
with one business and he did not want to contend with any others.
Mr. Bosiger explained that Mr. Metz could attend the Planning Commission meeting and
have his questions answered after the public hearing.
Mr. Steve Conner came forward and gave his address as Second Street, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Conner stated that the property to be rezoned was across from property that
was already zoned B-1 and that when certain businesses wished to locate in B-1 they
would have to acquire a conditional use permit prior to locating. Mr. Conner stated that
if the Board were interested in developing the County this would be a good start in the
right direction.
Mr. Burrus stated that there were no plans to change anything on Route 608.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-350 of Fred Jones for a conditional use permit to
allow off premise sign to be located on Parcel Tax Map #62-5-C located on Route 460
between Route 646 and Route 732. Property is zoned B-1
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Fred Jones came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 818, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Jones continued that he wanted to put up signs on Route 460 advertising
his business.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 98-351 of Fred Jones to rezone property from A-1 to
B-1 with conditional use for off premise signs. Property is Tax Map Parcel #62-A-10A
and is located on Route 460 between Route 703 and Route 674.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Bob Carter came forward and stated that he lived in Appomattox. Mr. Carter
continued that he was speaking on behalf of Mr. Sonny Martin who owned property
adjoining Mr. Jones’ property on the north side of Route 460. Mr. Carter stated that Mr.