490
Being no further discussion, Mr. Bosiger called for a vote.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter , aye; Mr. Carwile, abstained, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mrs. Austin thanked the Board for their prompt action.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Austin and called on Mr. Preston Wilson to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Wilson began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to meet with them. Mr.
Wilson continued that his purpose for coming before the Board was to request funding
for development of the Natural Resource Center at Holiday Lake 4-H Center, Inc. Mr.
Wilson reported on the number of programs that were provided by the center and the
number of people that have been served by the center in the last year. Mr. Wilson then
explained that he would be making similar presentations to surrounding Counties
requesting funding from them for this project.
Mr. Wilson then answered questions of the members of the Board.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to hold this decision until
budget discussions began for FY2000.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Wilson.
Mr. Bosiger then called upon Mr. Jim Cook to appear before the Board.
Mr. Cook came forward and stated that his reason for coming before the Board was to
present them with their annual share of the proceeds from timber sales in the Appomattox
Buckingham State Forest. Mr. Cook gave a brief report on the State Forest activities for
the past year.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Cook.
Mr. Bosiger next asked if there were representatives present from the ACHS
Cheerleaders?
Christina O’Brien, Amber Canterbury and Randi Manis came forward and explained to
the Board of Supervisors that they had competed in cheerleading camp and had won the
right to travel to London and Participate in a parade during December. They continued
that the total estimated expenses were $15,000.00. They provided handouts for the Board
members to review that provided information on their scheduled trip. They then asked
the Board for a contribution to help with their expenses.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to donate
$2,000.00 to the ACHS Cheerleaders to help with their trips to London and Philadelphia,