12
with the producing of brochures to enhance the County’s tourism trade. Expenditures
from this account would be based upon invoices received and funds are available in 8105-
6002 Tourism of the current budget.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve placing $1000.00 in escrow for
the purpose of assisting the Appomattox Volunteers for Tourism Development in the printing of
brochures. VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Kendrick, aye.
5: Regional Commission: The Regional Commission is reevaluating their project priority
list. Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director has submitted a letter of explanation and a
survey to be returned by March 31, 2002.
Mr. Carter has asked each Board Member to complete the survey and return to Mr. Carroll no
later than February 26, 2002.
6. Region 2000 Resolution: Region 2000 is requesting that the Board pass a Partnership
Resolution of Support which is critical for the Regional Competitiveness Program.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution as
written:
RESOLUTION
IN SUPPORT OF VIRGINIA’S REGION 2000 PARTNERSHIP REQUEST
FOR
FUNDING UNDER THE VIRGINIA REGIONAL COMPETITIVENESS
PROGRAM
The County of Appomattox has participated with the jurisdictions comprising this region, namely
the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell, the Cities of Bedford and
Lynchburg and the Town of Altavista, in the formation of Virginia’s Region 2000 Partnership, a
Virginia nonstock, nonprofit corporation (the “Partnership”), and recognizes, and has agreed to
participate in efforts to increase the regional competitiveness of, the region consisting of the
abovementioned Counties, Cities and town, (the “Region:). The Partnership will file a Request
for Qualification (the “Request”) for funding under the Regional Competitiveness Program (the
“RCP”) enacted by the General Assembly of Virginia in 1996. This resolution is adopted in
furtherance of the Request under the RCP.
RESOLVED, by the Board of Supervisors of the County of Appomattox, Virginia;
1. Recognizes and agrees to participate in the Partnership;
2. Resolves that the Partnership carry out the provisions of the Regional