205
1302-8003 — Lease Building & Equipment - 200.00
Please approve the following supplemental appropriations as requested:
1301-1001 * - Salaries & Wages +$ 429.00
1302-2001 * - FICA + 32.82
(*indicates items that were reduced at the November 18, 2002 meeting that are
now being supplemented back to the budget) (Total reduced as a result of the
budget reduction is $5,273.00)
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the Informational Items: (items 14-16)
14. Budget Issues: Governor’s remarks of December 20, 2002 to the House
Appropriations and Senate Finance Committee regarding his proposed budget.
15. VACo/VML Legislative Day — January 23, 2003: If any Board member wishes
to attend this event, please contact the County Administrator before January 10"
so the registration can be submitted.
16. Supervisor’s Concerns: Mr. Carter asked if there were any Supervisor Concerns
to be presented as this time.
Mr. Carwile stated as he had earlier that he would like to discuss the Closed Session of
the Board meetings. He feels the citizens are being “turned off’ by having a closed
session at the beginning or middle of the meeting. The citizens do not like having to wait
from thirty minutes to an hour to hear the discussion on items of interest to them while
the Board holds a “closed session’. He feels we are doing our citizens an injustice by not
waiting until the end of the meeting to hold our closed sessions.
Mr. Kendrick stated he heard what Mr. Carwile was saying and tends to want to agree.
When he was first elected to the Board the closed session was at the end of the meeting
and they were criticized heavily for doing so. He feels the Closed Session should be
managed and not take more than 30 minutes for a session or at least limit the time spent
in closed session. Of course, there are some citizens who wish to hear if there are any
issues to come out of the closed session.
Mr. Moore would like to narrow it down, but questions whether it can be done. It all
depends on what has to be discussed.
Mr. Hancock agrees. He would like to cut the closed session and the regular meeting, to
maybe thirty minutes for closed session and one hour for regular session. If we cannot
take care of everything in this length of time, we have a problem.