233
allow those citizens to improve their overall quality of life for themselves, their families,
and ultimately their communities, and
Whereas, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors believes that the goals of the
Workforce Investment Act would be better served by participation in a regional group
that the County is clearly and naturally allied with;
Now, Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
do hereby request to become full members in the Region 2000 Workforce Investment
Board and request that the Region 2000 Regional Commission grant this request and
provide the assistance necessary to facilitate the change in a manner that allows for
ease of transition in an timely fashion; and
Be It Further Resolved, that the County Administrator is hereby directed to notify the
Executive Director of the South Central Workforce Investment Board of the County's
intention to withdraw its membership from that organization at the end of the current
fiscal year which shall end on June 30, 2003 and to express the County’s gratitude for all
of the efforts expended by that organization on behalf and to the benefit of Appomattox
County citizens.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3; COURTHOUSE BOND: The bid closing for the courthouse project is
scheduled for March 31 with the construction scheduled to begin on April 30. The
County needs to begin the financing portion of this project to ensure closing of the
bond and receipt of the bond proceeds by the end of the fiscal year. Staff
recommends the Board authorize a short RFP for Bond Underwriting services and
appoint a two member committee to review the responses and conduct interviews
if necessary. It would be beneficial to have the underwriter selected shortly after
the bids are opened on March 31.
Mr. Carroll explained that the Board would need to recess from tonight’s meeting to the
meeting on March 31 in order to actually select a contractor as stated in the Court Order.
The RFQ has the proposals coming in on March 28". There are basically only four (4)
firms that he is aware of that do bond underwriting: BB&T; Farris, Becker, Watts;
Davenport and Morgan-Keegan. The RFQ basically allows them to demonstrate their
ability to do the bond underwriting, what their estimated fee would be which would
typically be between one and two percent of the actual bond financing. This could
amount to between $50,000 and $100,000 depending on the amount we actually finance.
The Board may want to discuss the RFQ’s they received at the March 31 meeting and
narrow that down or actually make a selection without interviewing or appoint a
committee to talk to two (2) of those underwriters. His concerns is that it will take
approximately 75 days to execute a bond deal. If this is not done expeditiously it will
negatively impact your financial audit for such things as DEQ Financial Assurance. On
March 31, we should have a figure as to how much we need to finance.