54
There were a few questions regarding the information presented to the Board.
At 7:40 p.m. Mr. Carter thanked the School Board for their participation.
At 7:42 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess. Mr. Hancock left at this time.
At 7:55 p.m. Mr. Carter reconvened the meeting.
Mr. Carter informed the Board that at the April 1, 2002 meeting the Board decided to discuss
several budget issues following tonight’s meeting. Mr. Carter also called attention to a document
received from VACo regarding Constitutional Officers funding.
Mr. Carroll presented the items for discussion: Blue Cross, Compensation Board, Constitutional
Officers, etc.
Discussion followed.
Mr. Carter stated he would like to level fund back to FY2002 and also the contributions should
be held as they are at the present time.
Mr. Kendrick stated that depending upon what the Courthouse was going to cost, we could
expect to increase revenue from between $.045 cents to $.065 cents. Looking ahead to FY2004,
the debt service would be reduced on the school by $150,000, which means that budget project
would be down some. If we can contain the school expense into the inflationary rate that we
might assume, you would be looking at basically the courthouse at that point, plus the inflation.
With school funding scenario #2, we may be able to sustain the tax rate at $.66 this year, but next
year that would be impossible without doing some severe cutting somewhere in the
neighborhood of $455,000.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt everyone had gotten their heads together and were only two scenarios
apart and he was looking at school funding scenario #4 which is not that much different but
would give us some lead way.
Mr. Carroll will work up the difference changes and have them available for the next meeting.
Mr. Carter asked if there was any other business to be discussed.
At 8:25 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adjourn. VOTE: Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman