48
WHEREAS, many progressive metropolitan communities around the country are actively
developing biking and hiking trails, referred to as “green communities”; and
WHEREAS, the Regional Bike Plan was designed to make recommendations concerning the
placement of potential bike paths and shared roadways in this region; and
WHEREAS, these recommendations were approved by both the Central Virginia Metropolitan
Planning Organization and the Transportation Technical Committee in 2000; and
WHEREAS, the regional plan must be reviewed by each locality for recommendation and
approval; and
WHEREAS, this plan should be regarded as the first step in developing a comprehensive
bikeway system and does not constitute a preliminary engineering document and approval of the
report and/or recommendations herein does not necessarily guarantee implementation;
AND WHEREAS, the staff is requesting the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to adopt
the Regional Bike Plan for the County of Appomattox.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby approve the Regional Bike Plan.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the Regional Bike Plan Resolution
as written. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the resolution regarding the Signage Study:
RESOLUTION
CENTRAL VIRGINIA METROPOLITAN SIGNAGE STUDY
WHEREAS, the Central Virginia Metropolitan Signage Study was included in the FY’00
Unified Transportation Work Program (UTWP) for the urbanized area as defined by the Central
Virginia Metropolitan Planning Organization (CVMPO) study boundary; and
WHEREAS, during FY’99 the Central Virginia Planning District Commission (CVPDC) staff
received comments from Federal and State officials, consultants, and others visiting the area
indicating that the region was difficult to navigate; and
WHEREAS, these comments were brought to the Urban Transportation Technical Committee
(TTC), an advisory group to the CVMPO Policy Board, and discussion ensued concerning the
possibility of establishing a metropolitan signage study; and
WHEREAS, these recommendations were approved by both the CVMPO and the TTC in 2000;