393
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on April 9,
1998 in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Absent:
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
Andy Carroll, Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the public hearing to order at 7:00 P.M. stated the purpose of the
hearing was to receive public comment on the proposed increase in the real estate tax
levy from $0.52 per hundred to $0.55 per hundred. Mr. Bosiger then explained the
procedure for addressing comments to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called for anyone that wished to comment to come forward.
Mr. Jessie M. Rosser came forward and gave his address as Route 6 Box 415,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Rosser thanked the Board of Supervisors for the job they
were doing and suggested a way to increase revenue without having to raise the tax levy.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Harry Lawson came forward and gave his address as Route 4 Box 348, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Lawson stated he did not feel the Board of Supervisors should buy such a
large tract of land for an industrial since that he and his family had a smaller tract that he
felt would be more practical for Appomattox County’s purposes. Mr. Lawson continued
that Appomattox did not have the work force to support more industry. Mr. Lawson
suggested that during the next six months the Board should check with present business
owners to see how they feel about more business moving into the County. Mr. Lawson
thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Charles R. Griffin came forward and gave his address as Route 5 Box 764,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Griffin stated he was opposed to the tax increase. He also
stated that he was opposed to the industrial site, he moved to Appomattox because he
liked the small town atmosphere and did not want that to change.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone else wished to comment.