339
Hearing no further comments Mr. Stidham moved to the Proposed Ordinance
Amendments:
Amend §170-36 and §170-37 — Uses in the R-1 Residential District: A mendments
regarding the use of mobile homes as dwellings for elderly/infirmed family members in
the R-1 District.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition.
Someone asked Mr. Stidham to explained exactly what this amendment is for.
Mr. Stidham stated that this amendment is regarding certain exceptions in the R-1 district
in which mobile homes are allowable in cases where you have an elderly or infirmed
family member that you would like to have live in a mobile home on your property as a
second dwelling. It is currently a permitted use, meaning someone could get a zoning
permit from the zoning administrator directly for this. The proposed changes involve a
few more administrative requirements and makes it a conditional use permit which
requires that it goes through a public hearing and have the Board of Supervisors vote on
the change.
Mr. Carwile stated he needed clarification as to what was just stated. Is he reading that
the R-1 district is the only district that this is accepted in?
Mr. Stidham explained that this a particular exception in the R-1 district where mobile
homes are otherwise not permissible as dwellings. It is an exception that is allowable for
elderly or informed family members that only occurs in the R-1 district. The A-1 and the
R-2 district allow mobile homes by right.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments. Hearing none he moved on to the next item for
consideration.
Proposal to amend §170-82 Accessory Buildings and Temporary Buildings: This
would be an amendment prohibiting the use of mobile homes as accessory buildings.
This particular amendment deals with mobile manufactured homes that are used as
accessory buildings on property for storage, workshops, etc. This does not affect ones
ability to use these as dwellings. This amendment also does not cover truck trailers, or
steel cargo containers that may be on property. It will also not affect any existing mobile
homes that are on individuals property that are being used as accessory buildings. If
passed, those existing buildings would be “grandfathered”.
Mr. Carwile addressed the Board and those in attendance concerning the discussion that
led to the public hearing tonight. As he recalls the motion was made to accept the
amendment as written and presented by the Planning Commission. There was no
mention of a public hearing being conducted.