694
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to appropriate $53,170.75 to 5310-
3001 for supplemental appropriation received for the Comprehensive Services Act. Vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then stated that a line item transfer was necessary to cover health insurance
premium for employees in the Commissioner of Revenue’s Office.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to transfer $2,493.00 from 1101-
2005 to 1209-2005 to pay health insurance premiums for employees. Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then presented a letter from Sheriff Staples requesting the Board fund two
resource officer positions. Mr. Carter explained that the Sheriff proposed to place one
officer in the Middle School and one officer in the High School.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to table this matter until the
full Board could act upon it at a later date.
Mr. Carter then explained that the General Assembly has approved a health insurance
credit for retired local social service employees, constitutional officers, sheriff's and
sheriff's deputies. Mr. Carter continued that the County could also authorize an
additional health insurance credit for these individuals if they chose to do so.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to table this matter until a
later date in order to allow time to consider the cost to the County for the additional
health insurance credit.
Mr. Carter then presented the matter of hiring a certified Librarian and explained that the
Board had agreed to provide a job description and salary for this position.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to set the salary
for this position at $27,000.00 for an applicant with no experience and $30,000.00 for an
applicant with experience, with the understanding the Library Board may adjust this
salary down if they see fit. The Board accepted the job description deleting the seven-
year experience requirement. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then called on Mr. Earl Dickerson to come forward and present the contract
for the baler building for approval.
Mr. Dickerson began by explaining that he had brought the contracts for the baler
building for execution and wished to bring the Board up to date on this project. Mr.
Dickerson explained that a letter had been received from the Department of
Environmental Quality acknowledging receipt of the Part “A” application for the two
new trenches. Mr. Dickerson continued that they informed the County that a new permit
could not be issued until July 1, 2000. Mr. Dickerson did not consider this a problem.
cs