615
Mr. Conrad asked if there was damage/destruction to the property, due to the school’s
negligence, who would be responsible. Mr. Overstreet replied our insurance would cover or our
carrier could make a claim against the School. We could, however, come up against government
immunity.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to accept the property, approve the lease
agreement and approve resolution of intent to fund replacement facilities.
LEASE
THIS LEASE AGREEMENT, made an entered into this the 2TM day of August, 2004, by and
between THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA, hereinafter
referred to as “lessor”, and SCHOOL BOARD OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA, hereinafter
referred to as “Lessee”.
WITNESSETH
That for an in consideration of the mutual benefit to the parties hereto, the benefit to the
citizens of Appomattox County, Virginia, and the provisions, covenants, and conditions contained
herein and pursuant to the authority granted to Lessor in Section 15.2-1800 B. of the Code of
Virginia of 1950, as amended, the parties hereto do hereby covenant and agree as follows:
That Lessor hereby lets, leases, and demises to Lessee, the following described real
estate, to-wit: the current maintenance shop, Home Economics cottage and three currently used
storage buildings which are located at the old Appomattox Elementary School (Carver Price
School) located in the town of Appomattox, Virginia, together with cartilage surrounding said
buildings together with necessary access to the public road.
FIRST: The term of this lease shall be from the date of this agreement until December
31, 2007. Thereafter said Lease shall automatically renew for successive 4-year periods unless
sooner terminated by either party giving written notice of said termination at least 30 days prior
to the end of any term of said Lease.
SECOND: Lessee shall have no responsibility to provide hazard insurance covering risk of
loss to said buildings but shall be responsible for insuring against loss to its personal property
located on the demised premises.
THIRD: Lessee shall be responsible for the cost of providing utility services to the
demised premises.
FOURTH: As part of the consideration of this lease, the Lessor further agrees that:
A) Lessee may store materials upon certain sections of the main school
building as designated by Lessor in preparation for an auction in the fall
of 2004.
B) Lessee may utilize certain areas of the main school building and parking
area as designated by Lessor for a school auction in the fall of 2004.
C) Lessee may continue to store its kitchen equipment on the school
property for a period not longer than 6 months after the state courts
vacate the old elementary school building.
D) Lessee may remove the playground equipment located on the school
property and the gazebo located near the Home Economics cottage.