294
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that if the School Board does
not include the Driver’s Education Program in its adopted budget for FY04 that
the Board of Supervisors withhold the $100,000 from the School’s budget. ROLL
CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, nay, Mr.
Kendrick, nay and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes, 2 nay)
Mr. Carroll stated Social Services had submitted an initial proposed budget of
$173,512 but their actual budget will be $177,690 in local dollars. This
represents only a $1,900 increase in local funds over last year. The $4,178 in this
budget can be made up through Revenue Maximization. These funds would
actually be refunded from the Federal Government. Mr. Carroll recommends that
the Board adopt this amended budget for Social Services.
Mr. Carter next addressed the recommendations for the Chamber of
Commerce/Tourism budget request.
Mr. Carwile stated we have heard about tourism tonight. This is nothing new to
the Board or the Town Council and this is something we all believe in and all
support. What he is hearing here tonight and what he has heard from the public
he would like to put a motion on the floor that we place tourism under the Board
of Supervisors and have a tourism director who would report to the Board of
Supervisors and also appropriate $50,000 for this project.
Mr. Kendrick agrees with Mr. Carwile on the $50,000. However, the tourism
director should report to the County Administrator as any other county employee.
The director would give the Board of Supervisors a monthly report.
Mr. Carwile made an amended motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to take Tourism
under the Board of Supervisors, appropriate $50,000, hire a Tourism Director
under the supervision of the County Administrator and have a monthly report
given to the Board each month. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Kendrick suggested that the transition plan be discussed with the Chamber,
etc. and the County take this over as soon as possible.
After a brief discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile
to adopt the FY04 Budget as amended. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission
has made its recommendation concerning Petition #03-520 — Janet F.
Moore.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to approve Petition #03-
520 — Janet F. Moore for a conditional use permit for sale and display of
prefabricated accessory buildings at an existing business in the B-1 District per