549
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board is a governmental entity created pursuant
to the provisions of Chapter 10 of Title 37.1 of the Code of Virginia (Section 37. 1-194 et seq.),
pursuant to a joint agreement between the Counties of Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford, and
Campbell, and the Cities of Bedford and Lynchburg, in order to provide those jurisdictions with
mental health, mental retardation, and substance abuse services.
WHEREAS, Section 37.1-197 (11) allows Chapter 10 Boards such as Central Virginia Community
Services Board to obtain loans as authorized by the governing bodies of the political subdivisions
that established it.
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Central Virginia Community Services Board has found it in
the best interest of Central Virginia Community Services Board to purchase two office buildings,
one located at 2241 Langhorne Road, Lynchburg, Virginia, and the other at 2235 Landover Place,
Lynchburg, Virginia, both of which they are now renting.
WHEREAS, in order to purchase both properties, Central Virginia Community Services Board
needs to obtain a loan in the amount of $1,800,000.00 on the terms set forth in the November 18,
1998 commitment letter, a copy of which is attached.
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board has petitioned the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors to obtain the approval required by Section 37/1-199 (11) in order to obtain
such loan.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that Central Virginia Community Services Board is hereby
authorized by The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors to apply for and accept the
$1,800,000.00 loan from One Valley Bank on the terms set forth in the November 18, 1998
commitment letter.
Mr. Bosiger then asked for Mr. Moore's comments since Mr. Moore is a Central Virginia
Community Services Board member. Mr. Moore stated that he felt that the refinancing of the
property made a great deal of sense and he felt that the Board should pass the resolution.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Board approve the resolution.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board could take action on the Planning Commissions
recommendation since the public hearing had been held.
Mr. Carwile stated that upon the advice of the County Attorney, he would not vote or participate in
the discussion.
Much discussion followed with Mr. Bosiger suggesting that the following additional changes be
made: