93
There was some discussion regarding who has the final say regarding the disposition of this
facility. The School Board still has control and will until what time they relinquish the building
to the Board of Supervisors or should they decide to lease to someone in the private sector.
Mr. Lawson would like to get a lease on the facility but some members of the Board of
Supervisors are not in favor of leasing to private sector. Maybe we should check with the county
attorney regarding this issue.
Mr. Carter stated that two years ago the selling point for a new school was that the old school
would not be a burden to the taxpayers.
Mr. Pickett stated at that time they were looking at it as classrooms, now they are looking at it
differently. If they have to build a new maintenance shop, they would need the capital.
The School Board needs to determine when it is willing/able to relinquish the building.
At 7:30 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the recessed meeting of the Board of Supervisors on a motion
by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Kendrick. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:31 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Selz, seconded by Ms. Martin the School Board opened their
meeting. VOTE: Earl Pickett, aye; Bobby Mitchell, aye; Lannis Selz, aye; Clifford Rhodenizer,
aye; and Amy Martin, aye.
The discussion centered around the uses for the old elementary school building. Mr. Selz stated
that as long as the School Board uses it for educational purposes it can retain the building. It
cannot lease it to anyone. The School Board needs to make a decision within the next few
months.
Earl Pickett stated if the building is used for a technical center we can receive grant money up to
one million dollars.
Also can the building be split up or is it turn over all or none of it.
Some School Board members feel they should get rid of the property as quickly as possible
because they don’t have the funds in their budget to maintain any additional buildings.
Some Board of Supervisors feel a lease would work. Others feel that as long as it is not burden to
the taxpayers, they can do whatever they like.
The School Board will place this item on the agenda for their next meeting. Also they will ask
Dr. Krug to draft a letter of interest to the Board of Supervisors stating they would like to use the
maintenance shop and have this worked out in a lease.