638
Martin continued that she was confused with some of the numbers that were being
referred to. Mrs. Martin asked that the Board take a lesson from the Middle School
renovation and addition. Mrs. Martin continued that construction had started out at 3.5
million but before it was over it had gone to 5 million. Mrs. Martin stated that her
concerns were with the removal of the wings of the museum. Mrs. Martin stated that if
the wings were removed from the museum they would have no where to store their
historical items. Mrs. Martin continued that we were all concerned with tourism and yet
now we were talking about destroying one of the attractions to downtown.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Craddock if he could answer some of the concerns that he
had heard during the public comment session?
Mr. Craddock stated that he felt that cost was not a determining factor with either option.
Mr. Craddock stated that the real concern was what would be done with the existing
buildings. Mr. Craddock stated that someone had said that if you renovate you would
have to hire a contractor on a cost plus basis. Mr. Craddock continued that this was not
true. Whatever option was chosen would go out for bids and a contract would be signed
for a firm price. Mr. Craddock continued that when the old building was renovated it
would function as if it were new. Mr. Craddock also stated that he felt that it would be
hard to explain all the issues for a referendum. Mr. Craddock also stated that someone
had said that he was in favor of tearing down the old jail and that this statement was not
true. Mr. Craddock explained that someone had asked him how many parking spaces
could be constructed if the old jail was demolished and that he had given that estimate.
In closing Mr. Craddock explained that they would save what they could of the historical
nature of the courtroom.
Being no further comments Mr. Bosiger declared the public comment session closed at
8:15 P.M.
n
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on March
22, 1999 at 8:20 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator