139
project. The Community Park Committee also approves this project.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the Senior Girl Scout Troop 2052‘s
request to finance and construct a Frisbee Disc Golf Course at the Appomattox Community Park
located on Route 613. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
7. Resolution to Support Enabling Legislation for Counties to Impose a Cigarette Tax:
Isle of Wight County is requesting that counties adopt a resolution requesting that the General
Assembly pass legislation allowing counties to impose a cigarette tax as cities and towns currently
may do. This resolution would not require the Board to adopt a cigarette tax at the present time or in
the future. It is asking that counties have the same taxing authority as cities and Towns.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following resolution:
RESOLUTION TO SUPPORT ENABLING LEGISLATION
FOR COUNTIES TO IMPOSE A CIGARETTE TAX
WHEREAS, counties within the Commonwealth of Virginia share many of the same
responsibilities as cities relative to the provision of services to their respective constituencies; and
WHEREAS, the Code of Virginia provides for more diversification in the type of local
taxing authority afforded to cities and towns than for counties; and
WHEREAS, one of the areas of taxing disparity lies with the authority to impose local taxes
on the sales of cigarettes; and
WHEREAS, equal taxing authority relative to the imposition of a local tax on the sales of
cigarettes would have a significantly positive impact on counties throughout the Commonwealth of
Virginia.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox County, Virginia that the Virginia Association of Counties request and strongly
encourage the Virginia General Assembly to adopt enabling legislation to provide that all counties
may impose a local tax on the sales of cigarettes.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 8 - 13)
Approval of Bills: Approval of bills as presented.
BOARD ACTIONS:
8. Festival Permit: Mr. Ken Swanson is requesting a festival permit to hold an End of Summer
Music Festival on September 14, in Evergreen to benefit the American Cancer Society. Mr.
Swanson is requesting that the fee and bond requirements be waived.