30
On Saturday, March 16, 2002 at 9:00 a.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held aBudget Work Session at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: _ Jesse L, Hancock, Vice-Chairman - F alling River DistrictFrank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ABSENT: Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 9:05 a.m. Mr. Hancock called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carroll went over the Agenda and handed out the new information regarding the budget.The first was a letter he had sent to each of the Constitutional Officers and the second was VRSUpdate. We have also received: Contribution Request from Crisis Line; Request from the Statefor State and Local Hospitalization; Salary Information from the School as requested; and theRevenue figures released yesterday from the State; information from VACo on expectedrevenues from the State.
The Compensation Board is cutting the Constitutional Officers by about 5% this year.
The revenue figures in the budget at this time do not reflect any cuts but we will probably have tochange those.
Mr. Mays has submitted local revenue figures. This was calculated on .80 per $100 rate. This,of course, will have to be revised since the rate has not been equalized. Mr. Carroll has revisedthe figure at a rate of .66 per $100 rate.
Mr. Carroll informed the Board that the Board of Equalization would not make their finalrecommendations until the first week in April.
The Board has on its agenda for Monday night to set the tax rate.
The Revenue was then discussed line by line as per the printout.
There was some discussion regarding the fees for dog and cat licenses. The enforcement ofrabies and licenses purchases. Maybe this should be placed on the agenda for the next meeting.
Mr. Carwile questioned the VRS contribution/employees part or 5%. Are the surroundingcounties paying it all?