695
Mr. Dickerson contended that there would be enough room in cell “I” to take the County
well past this date. Mr. Dickerson also explained that legislation had been signed that
effects the siting, design, and operation of new landfills and expansions of existing
landfills in regards to wetlands.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed to proceed with this project
as planned.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to execute the contract for the
baler and authorize the County Administrator to sign the contracts. Vote: Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then presented the FY2000 budget for the Department of Social Services.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to approve the FY2000 budget for the
Department of Social Services totaling $1,069,757.00 with $173,033.00 of the budget
amount being local funds. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adjust the revenue and budget for
FY2000 to reflect the approved Social Service FY2000 budget. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then explained that an executive session was necessary for personnel and
consultation with a consultant.
At 9:20 P.M. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session to discuss a personnel matter and consultation with consultant. Vote:
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence at 10:15 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law: