234
After some discussion, Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the full
Board of Supervisors review the RFQ’s to select a Bond Underwriting firm. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
5. CostA location Plan Agreement: The Board has received a proposal from
Robinson, Farmer, Cox regarding the preparation of the County’s Cost Allocation
Plan. The proposal contains an annual cost proposal and a three year cost
proposal. Staff recommends that the Board authorize the County Administrator to
execute the agreement for a three year period based on the satisfactory
performance of Robinson, Farmer, Cox in the past.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to have
the County Administrate execute an agreement with Robinson, Farmer, Cox to prepare
the County’s Cost Allocation Plan for a three year period, with a contingency clause
based on performance. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Proclamation for Child Abuse Prevention Month: The Board has received a
Proclamation recognizing the month of April as Child Abuse Prevention Month in
the County of Appomattox.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following
proclamation:
By virtue of the authority vested in the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, we
hereby proclaim the month of April as CHILD ABUSE PREVENTION MONTH in
Appomattox County.
Whereas, every child in our great Commonwealth is a precious gift, full of promise and
potential; and
Whereas, child abuse and neglect is a serious problem in Virginia and across the nation;
and
Whereas, the prevention of child abuse is crucial to the preservation of the health and
well-being of Virginia’s families and can be accomplished by providing support and
information to families as well as through increased community awareness; and
Whereas, all children learn from role models at home, at their place of worship, at school
and in their communities and all children benefit from the love and leadership displayed
by caring and responsible adults; and
Whereas, children are our most precious resource and we are committed to keeping the
children of this Commonwealth safe and happy;