680
project completion was 180 days or four months from date of the notice to proceed. Mr.
Dickerson continued that the low bid for the baler ahd conveyor was $194,462.00 from
Marathon Equipment. Mr. Dickerson stated that they had checked the references for
Marathon Equipment and had received good reports.
A lengthy discussion followed with the service representative from Marathon Equipment
answering questions of the Board.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the bid
for the baler from Marathon Equipment in the amount of $194,462.00. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the bid from Coleman
Adams in the amount of $468,000.00 for the construction of the baling building at the
landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Being nothing further for Mr. Dickerson he was thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger then called for a five-minute recess.
Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting and stated that there was another item concerning
the landfill that needed to be discussed.
Mr. Bosiger explained that the area at the landfill where stumps had been disposed was
now full. Mr. Bosiger explained that in the absence of another area to be used for
disposal of this debris, stumps would have to be disposed of in the cell in the future.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to create a policy
prohibiting the disposal of stumps at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he would like to begin by noting that Mr. Martin, Animal
Warden, had been canvassing the various districts for the last few Saturdays checking
dog tags and immunization records. Mr. Bosiger stated that he would like to invite Mr.
Martin to visit his home first and check his dog license when he came into Falling River
District.
Mr. Torrence stated that with the recent bomb threats at various schools throughout the
area he felt that a resource officer should be placed in the schools to help with security.
Discussion followed.