209
cannot make it into a garage. At what point do you make a mobile home not a home
anymore. Once you take out the partitions and it is just a shell it can no longer be
considered a home.
Mr. Carl Bane of Rt. 5, Box 708, Appomattox came forward and stated that as they had
written in their letter, they had read the zoning code and no where does it say that it can’t
be a mobile home. They have also found several mobile home that have been converted
to storage sheds, some of which they were told were grand-fathered. He has been unable
to find documentation that this is so. Mr. Bane read portions of the zoning code
pertaining to mobile homes as permitted uses. They intend to change the structure on the
outside, with garage doors and vinyl siding, etc. It will no longer look like a mobile
home Their question is what is the difference between their usage and some of the others
that are being used for storage.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone else wished to speak regarding this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Stidham called for comments regarding:
Proposed Amendment to Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance §170-81,
requirements for Accessory Buildings, and §170-21, Uses Exempt for Zoning
Permit. These amendments to provide flexibility in the placement of accessory
buildings and structures.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this amendment. Hearing none, he
turned the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing and called for a two minute recess.
At 7:08 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the Board meeting and called for the first items on the
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENDA:
1. Budget Discussion: At the last meeting the Board discussed its desire to alter the
method in which the budget was prepared and discuss it at this meeting.
Mr. Carwile is of the opinion that he has to know what he can spend before he plans to
spend it. He feels this same idea should be observed by the county. We need to know
what needs to be spent and then hold the line on last year’s budget for each department.
If we need to cut expenditures, then we can take a percentage of each department’s
budget. This is the only fair and just was to handle this situation.
Also he would like to hold the tax rate at .66 cents.
The other Board Members agreed that this was a good idea and they all have the same
goal, that being not raising the tax rate.
Mr. Carroll was instructed to do what is necessary to bring in a balanced budget with
various scenarios and cooperatively working with the various departments and offices.