566
Mr. Carter next called Kevin O’Brien, Chairman of the Planning
Commission to address the Board. Mr. O’Brien would like to discuss the
Planning Commission’s recommendation concerning a Shrink/Swell Soil Policy.
Mr. O’Brien stated he has spoken with Mark Davis of the Natural Resources
Conservation Service regarding the types of soil present in the county — Airdale
and Mecklenburg. Mr. Davis also provided a transparent overlay map so these
soils can be identified easier. The Planning Commission researched policies of
other counties in the region and decided to adopt a map-based plan similar to
one Farmville has in place where soil samples must be taken if shrink/swell soil is
found within 300 to 500 feet of site.
After some discussion, Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to
adopt the following Shrink/Swell Soils Policy as recommended by the Planning
Commission on March 15, 2004:
Shrink/Swell Soils Policy
Prior to the issuance of a building permit for construction on dwellings,
commercial and industrial uses, the Building Official shall locate the property and
building site on the soil map drafted for Appomattox County. The soil of the property
shall be identified in the Soil Survey of Appomattox County, Virginia provided by the
USDA (United States Department of Agriculture) and NRCS (Natural Resources
Conservation Service). If the soil check indicates the presence of significant shrink swell
potential within 500 feet of the building site, the permit applicant shall then be required to
contact a Soil Scientist. The soil scientist shall classify the soil according to the Unified
Soil Classification System. The determination of the soil scientist shall be put into
writing and submitted to the Office of Building and Housing.
If the presence of significant shrink swell soil is not located on the soil map but is
found during an inspection by the Appomattox County Building Official, the Building
Official has the right to then require a soil scientist to be contacted.
When soils are found to be expansive, the applicant must meet with the Building
Official to determine a solution which shall be in accordance with Section R403.1.8 of
the Residential Building Code. A copy of this code can be obtained from the Office of
Building & Housing.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent).
Mr. Carter next called for action on the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-
17)
1. | Scope of Work for Water Project & Agreement with Region 2000
Regional Commission: We have received the Region 2000 Regional