569
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Jobe.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Ms. Cynthia A. Cordova, Real Estate Specialist, U. S. Postal
Service to appear before the Board.
Ms. Cordova explained that the postal service was proposing a 1500 square foot addition
to the floor area at the Spout Spring Post Office. Ms. Cordova continued that as part of
that addition 252 new boxes would be added for customers. Ms. Cordova explained that
once construction began it should take from four to six months to complete. Ms.
Cordova then stated that she would answer questions of the members of the Board.
Mr. Torrence stated that this would be a welcomed addition.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to have Mrs. Ferguson write a letter
supporting the Postal Service’s plans to expand the Spout Spring Post Office. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Ms. Cordova and called Mr. Paul Lee, Auditor with
Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Lee explained to the Board that everything went fine during the audit and that no
problems were noted. Mr. Lee gave a general overview of the financial report and
explained that the County ended the year with a fund balance in the range that had been
recommended by Robinson, Farmer, Cox, Mr. Lee explained that under the new
codification of the Code of Virginia we are no longer required to publish the Statement of
Treasurer's Accountability. Mr. Lee noted that the County started the new-year close to
where it was a year ago financially.
Board members asked several questions of Mr. Lee.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Lee.
Mr. Bosiger called upon Mrs. Terri Conrad to appear before the Board.
Mrs. Conrad explained that she had a two-fold purpose for meeting with the Board. Mrs.
Conrad continued that her first reason for meeting with the Board was to give an update
on the activities of the Community Services Board. Mrs. Conrad explained that the clinic
in the County had reduced their hours but they would be open five days a week for partial
days. Mrs. Conrad stated that at this time there were no clients in the County waiting for
services.
Mrs. Conrad then said that her other reason for meeting with the Board was to discuss
VACO’s steering committees. Mrs. Conrad proceeded to give the Board an explanation
of what she perceived as problems with VACO’s bylaws and policies. Mrs. Conrad
explained to the Board that she did not feel that the County received very much