539
broadcast concerning the large amount of growth in Virginia and she considered the
question to be, were we going to have a balance between agricultural and residential
growth. Mrs. Jones asked are we going to plan for growth or are we going to let it just
happen. Mrs. Jones stated that her wish was that this be considered carefully and that
these lots in agricultural area have at least five acres in them. In closing Mrs. Jones
stated that she did not feel that you could farm on less than five acres.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Evans Thomas to come before the Board.
Mr. Evans Thomas stated his address as Route 24, North of Vera. Mr. Thomas began
that he would like to talk about some specifics of the proposed zoning change. Mr.
Thomas stated that first of all the proposed change cuts down from having two additional
dwellings to one, and secondly that the additional dwelling would be restricted to R-2
zoning thereby eliminating A-1 zoning from having additional units on that land. Mr.
Thomas continued that there is a choice concerning growth in this County and as to how
the Planning Commission chooses to proceed. Mr. Thomas continued that he felt that
when you talked about zoning and you talked about regulating the way a person could
use his or her land then we are regulating the very essence of our culture and the
civilization of our County. Mr. Thomas continued that we had to look at what the
proposed change was eliminating and that was the ability to put an additional dwelling in
an A-1 zone. Mr. Thomas stated that there was another problem that would be addressed
later which was intensive livestock but he felt that it was important to note this today
because when you make a decision like this which would eliminate an additional
dwelling in A-1 zoning, and then at a later meeting you look at eliminating intensive
agricultural projects then we’re talking about destroying the family farm. Mr. Thomas
continued that we needed to consider families when the final change is made to the
ordinance. He continued that with the average family having 1.7 children he would
suggest allowing two additional dwellings on that agricultural parcel in order to allow
parents to help their children.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Emmitt Knight Jr. to come before the board.
Mr. Emmitt Knight, Jr. stated his address as Route 1 Box 3388, Spout Spring, Virginia.
Mr. Knight began by stating that he felt that a person should be able to do anything they
wanted to with their own land but when you went to renting land that was subsidized by
welfare that that was when government should step in. Mr. Knight continued that he felt
that a man that wanted to put three or four mobile homes on his property for his children
should be allowed to do so as long as he had enough land to do this. Mr. Knight
continued that if the government was going to subsidize units then government should
regulate them.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Dan Brennan to come before the Board.
Mr. Dan Brennan began by stating his address as Route 1 Box 1960, Spout Spring,
Virginia. Mr. Brennan stated that he would like to see things stay the way they are. He
continued that his concern was with families paying the price if this change was passed.