346
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to proceed with
part “A” & “B” application to open a new cell at the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Dickerson;
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile questioned the need for a policy on use of credit cards.
Ms. Ferguson was instructed to submit to the Board for approval, guidelines for the use
of credit cards issued to the County.
Mr. Bosiger called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carter stated he had a question on the schools financial information concerning funds
being spent on transportation during the months of July and August.
Ms. Ferguson stated she would find out what these funds were spent on and report back
to the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then turned the Boards attention to the Administrative Items.
Mr. Bosiger explained the Planning Commission recommended approval of the Zoning
petitions from the December public hearing.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve
petition 97-330 of Central Virginia Electric Cooperative for a Conditional Use Permit to
allow installation of an 85-foot pole to provide communication capabilities between sub-
station and company office. Property is Tax Map No. 111A1(1)30. Property is located on
Route 460 between Route 628 and Route 601. Property is zoned A-1; and petition 97-333
of Central Virginia Electric Cooperative for a Conditional Use Permit to allow an 85-foot
pole to provide communication capabilities between sub-station and company office.
Property is part of Tax Map No. 64(A)35. Property is located on Route 26 between Route
1029 and Route 677. Property is zoned A-1. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented several committee and Board appointments that needed to be
made.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appoint Ms. Margie Reider to the
Library Board, representing Appomattox River District, for term to expire June 30, 2001.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.