502
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Assistant County Administrator
Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Setting of the Agenda: Mr. Carter asked if any members had anything to
present at this time. Hearing none, Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the
Agenda.
Citizen Public Comment Period: Mr. Carter stated that this time is allotted to
allow citizens to discuss issues that are of importance to the community or the
citizens. Issues involving the Rifle Ordinance will not be heard at this time, but
will be addressed during the Public Hearing scheduled for 7:00 p.m.
Mr. James Pillow of Route 1, Box 270, Appomattox, Va. came forward. Mr.
Pillow stated he had a letter, regarding the rescue squad, written by a neighbor
that was unable to attend the meeting. The letter began, “I support the rescue
squad and the rescue squad needs the support of the people. The current
rescue squad needs funds to better serve our county. Without help our
volunteers don’t have the opportunity they need to help our county. Donations
are necessary for support. We have a good county, good citizens, law
enforcement, good schools and doctors, good fire and rescue personnel who
support our county and make sure we have a safe and enjoyable place to live
and raise our families. We have a lot of opportunities that come with a cost.
Both men and women pay taxes, buy county stickers and pay fees for the
opportunity to live and drive in Appomattox. I support these facts, and think all
people in Appomattox do so as well. The County and the Board of Supervisors
try to do a good job and I think the Board should pass a series of stickers and
permits to pay for our rescue squad. It is possible to open opportunities for
outdoors people, both men and women, to have the opportunity to get out and
enjoy hunting with family, friends and neighbors. Many do not have the desire
to hunt, but enjoy the opportunity to get out and enjoy our county. Hunting is
already regulated by State Regulations and we have Game Wardens who do a
good job enforcing these laws. We all know hunters do not shoot people on
purpose or destroy property or wish harm to people. Sell stickers for $10.00 -
$25.00 to hunters who want to use high powered rifles and give the money to
the rescue squad. I think most hunters would step up and support the rescue
squad.”
Mr. Pillow stated that he would like to add that he feels the Retirement
Community for senior citizens, proposed for Route 26, would put a greater
burden on our rescue squad and create a longer response time to those making
calls. We need to do something before lives are lost.