459
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Town of Appomattox could be covered under the
County’s present fees paid to Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation Committee for
Erosion and Sediment Control Plan approval if the Board of Supervisors made this
request.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to allow the
Town of Appomattox be covered under the County’s agreement with Robert E. Lee Soil
& Water Conservation Committee for Soil and Erosion Control plan approval. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from the Historic Appomattox Railroad Festival for
use of the Medical Building parking lot on Sunday for their antique car show.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow the use of the Medical
Building parking lot on Sunday for the antique car show. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented maintenance agreements for the Sheriff's new telephone
system.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to purchase a
maintenance agreement with G.T_E. for the Sheriff's Office telephone system in the
amount of $865.20, for one year, and appropriate the same. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board of Supervisors needed to adopt Central
Virginia Community Services Performance Contract for the coming year.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the Central Virginia
Community Services Performance Contract for FY99 as presented. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
(Copy on file in the County Administrator’s Office).
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Merrill Lynch that they be allowed to offer
IRAs to County employees and implement a payroll deduction for this purpose.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board this request was denied.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a line item transfer request from the Sheriffs Office.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a line item transfer from
1101-5804 in the amount of $2780.15 to 3101-1004 in the amount of $2528.35 and 3101-
2001 in the amount of $251.80; Also, $562.12 from 1101-5804 to 3100-1002 - $516.10