578
direction from the Board as to whether he made the right decision by referring the
complaint to Bill Slagle.
Mr. Bosiger said that he felt that the members of the Board were elected to represent the
citizens and that they should always come to the Board with their concerns. Mr. Bosiger
then asked if there were still cows on the industrial park property.
Mr. Carroll answered that he felt he could put some light on this matter. Mr. Carroll
continued that the cows should have been moved by 1/1/99 and that at this time Mr.
Gilliam had approximately 100 cows still left on this property. Mr. Carroll stated that
Mr. Gilliam had assured him that he would move the cows as soon as possible.
Mr. Torrence spoke up and said that since all the property wasn’t going to be used right
away for industrial purposes that grazing the balance might be a good idea in order to
keep the grass under control.
Mr. Carwile began that he had one other supervisor concern that was grave to him. He
continued that he had a sense of feeling of immediacy over the issue of the proposed
change in A-] zone. Mr. Carwile continued that he was at a point that setting on the
Board with the other members he was kind of, what do I do?
Mr. Carwile stated that he had Mrs. Ferguson contact the County Attorney, Mr. Lawson,
to get the guidance he needed, and the response that he got back was, “I have told Frank
all that I am going to tell him.” Mr. Carwile asked Mrs. Ferguson if he was correct on
this response.
Mrs. Ferguson responded that maybe that was not exactly correct or that maybe those
exact words were not said, but that Mr. Lawson had given Mr. Carwile the guidelines for
determining a conflict of interest. Mrs. Ferguson continued that Mr. Lawson indicated
that he had nothing else to say about this matter.
Mr. Carwile stated that this response left him still hanging as to what he should do.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Lawson and stated that in Mr. Lawson’s capacity as County
Attorney, he would like Mr. Lawson’s legal opinion on whether or not he had a conflict
of interest in discussing or voting on a matter that was before the Board concerning the
proposed changes to the A-1 zoning. Mr. Carwile continued that this was the issue that
was before the Board that he was anticipating...
Mr. Bosiger addressed Mr. Carwile and asked if he might interject at this point? Mr.
Bosiger continued that a lot of people felt that the Board had something to do with Mr.
Carwile abstaining. Mr. Bosiger stated that he tried to look at this matter and put himself
in the same position. He continued that he felt that it was a personal decision that each
individual had to make. He stated that he did not feel that one Board member could tell
another member whether they had a conflict or not. Mr. Bosiger continued that he did not
believe that any member of the Board had told Mr. Carwile that he could not vote. Mr.