463
Mr. Overstreet stated that in 2003, this Section of the Code was changed. The Board
used to have a public hearing and then make a recommendation to the State Legislature
and they would take the action. The local Board now has the power to take this action.
Given the fact that there are three (3) new members on the Board he thought it would
be better to wait until after the budget process before establishing any policy on how to
handle these tax exempt requests. The Commissioner of Revenue has the responsibility
for policing this policy.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to refrain from taking any action
on these tax-exempt requests at this time. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Concrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
4. Request to Abandon Roads: Raymond A. Mirra, Jr. and Gigi Jordan have
requested to abandon portions of State Roads 721 and 671 in the northwest
quadrant of the County. Mr. Overstreet has suggested that, pursuant to the Code
of Virginia, a Notice of Abandonment be advertised in February and that this
Notice state that the Board will consider this issue at the April 5, 2004 meeting.
Staff recommends that the Board endorse the process as stated and schedule
consideration of the proposed road abandonment for April 5, 2004.
Mr. Moore stated that in the 1990's we abandoned part of this road. There was only one
residence there at the time and people were disposing of a lot of trash there. Mr. Mirra
has since purchased more property and feels it is not necessary for public access to this
property.
Mr. Overstreet explained that the action requested of the Board tonight would schedule
consideration of this abandonment for the April 5" meeting. During the month of
February we would post at three (3) locations on these roads the notice of abandonment
and run an advertisement twice in the newspaper. Thirty days after the posting of these
notices and running the advertisement, the Board could take action without a public
hearing. If someone petitions for you not to do so, then it would have to be postponed
and a public hearing would become necessary.
After some discussion Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to table
action this request until the next meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Craft next called attention to the Consent Agenda: (Items 4-7)
4. Approval of Bills: Approve bills for payment as presented.
5. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Organizational Meeting held
on January 5, 2004.
Supplemental Appropriations:
6. Sheriff's Department: Please approve appropriations as follows:
3102-3010 — Drug Investigation Fund $3,000.00
3102-1002 — Overtime $2,000.00