a ||
ee
546
After much discussion, Mr. Bosiger thanked the school board for their appearance and called for
Kim and Greg Sandvig to appear before the Board.
Mr. Torrence stated that the Sandvigs could not attend due to a family illness.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Mr. Earl Dickerson of Hurt & Proffitt to appear before the Board.
Mr. Dickerson presented the Board with three options for the location of the baler operation at the
landfill. Mr. Dickerson provided the Board members with site plans, engineering estimates, and
discussed the advantages and disadvantage of each option. After much discussion, the Board
agreed that a work session needed to be held at the landfill to better envision the plans. The Board
agreed upon Saturday December 12 at 9:00 A.M. The Board also asked Mr. Dickerson to perform
some additional analysis prior to the meeting.
Mr. Carroll then asked if the Board wanted to consider selling the old baler at the landfill that is
currently unused. The Board agreed to sell the baler through a sealed bid process.
Mr. Carroll also asked if the Board wanted to consider repairing the Compactor wheels at this time.
The cost for parts and installation was approximately $18,000. Mr. Carroll explained that the
compactor could no longer be used without the repairs or significant damage would occur to the
wheels. The Board reached a consensus to delay this decision and instructed Ms. Tina Carter to
discontinue use of the compactor.
Mr. Bosiger then thanked Mr. Dickerson and excused him. =
Mr. Bosiger then asked for supervisors concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated that he was making a request to the Board for some temporary part-time help to
assist Ottie Huddleston while she was still recovering from her recent health problems. After some
discussion, it was decided that Ms. Ferguson, County Administrator should be involved in this
discussion. No action was taken.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that he had a concern regarding the area farmers and the severe drought the
county had experienced. Mr. Bosiger then read a resolution for drought relief that he would like
the Board to consider.
WHEREAS, the drought conditions in the County of Appomattox have severely affected farmers;
and
WHEAREAS, during the growing season of this year the County of Appomattox has received
considerably less rain than normal while experiencing unseasonably high temperatures; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox Food and Agriculture Council, made up of the Farm
Service Agency, the Natural Resource Conservation Service, and Virginia Cooperative Extension