423
Mr. Jim Nolen came forward and stated that they had presented this request at a previous
meeting and had followed the commission recommendations received at that time. He
will be happy to answer any questions at this time.
Mr. Spencer asked for further comments for or against this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Spencer read the next petition.
03-1024 — Charles M. Warner: Conditional Use permit to build five (5) apartment units
per section 74-177 of the Appomattox Town Zoning Ordinance. The property is located
on Lucy Street, Tax Map #6476(A)24.
Mr. Spencer called for comments for this petition.
Hearing no comments for or against this petition, Mr. Spencer turned the meeting back to
Mr. Carter.
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for a short recess.
At 7:12 p.m. Mr. Carter stated the next item on the agenda was the VDOT Public
Hearing on the Six Year Secondary Road Improvement Plan.
VDOT will conduct the public hearing to receive any comments on the proposed six year
plan for secondary roads.
Present from VDOT: Don Austin, Resident Engineer
Cathy Arrington, Contract Administrator VDOT Office
Donald Harvey, Maintenance Supervisors
Mr. Austin discussed the Six Year Plan on how it was developed and the purpose of
presenting this plan. He asked if there were any requests for new roads to be accepted
into the highway system. Mr. Austin distributed some copies of the Six Year Plan and
proceeded to discuss the details of what was included in the plan.
At 7:24 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing on the VDOT Six Year Secondary
Plan.
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. VDOT Six Year Plan Resolution: At a public hearing held earlier in the
evening, the Board was presented with the Six Year Plan for Secondary Road
Improvements.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution as
presented by the Virginia Department of Transportation.
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox and the Virginia Department of
Transportation held a public hearing on December 15, 2003, in accordance to Section