164
Ms. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court came forward. Ms. Williams stated this
was a joint effort of the Constitutional Officers, Ms. Janet Belter, Treasurer; Mr. Monte
Mays, Commissioner of Revenue; Mr. Wilson Staples, Sheriff; Mr. Darrel Puckett,
Commonwealth Attorney, regarding the S tate budget cuts made by the Governor. The
total cut for the County would be $45,329.00. They have met with each other, their
association groups and hope they will have some influence on any further cuts by the
State.
They are asking the Board to look at their budgets and see that they have been most
conservative and that they, for the most part, do not spend all the funds that they are
budgeted. The only option open to them is to cut personnel. This would not only have a
drastic impact to their offices, but to services offered to the County as well as to the
persons who are without a job. All of our offices work closely with one another,
therefore, personnel cuts would slow down these services. They may even have to limit
hours open to the public, in order to get the work done. They would appreciate any
assistance the Board can give them.
Ms. Williams then spoke briefly about the effect the budget cuts will have on her office
alone. The Board does not pay any portion of salaries for her office. Salaries are paid
from revenue generated over the counter and supplemented by the State. The only thing
for her to do is cut personnel. Come Friday, one person will be let go and one person will
be put on part-time. Ms. Williams distributed a summary of revenue collected by her
office. She would also like to have a decision from the Board no later than Thursday,
October 31, 2002.
There was some discussion about how the various offices interact and the payment of
salaries by the County, reimbursed by the State. Ms. Williams is the exception, her
employees are not included on the County’s payroll, but are paid directly by Ms.
Williams. Ms. Williams thanked the Board for allowing them to express their concerns
as none of them wanted to ask for this.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Williams and the other Constitutional Officers for their input and
that the Board would get back to them before the 31‘ of October.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else wished to address the Board at this time.
At 6:57 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter declared the joint public hearing in session and read the
following statement.
$ This joint public hearing provides property owners with the opportunity to present
their zoning petitions, and concerned citizens with the chance to speak in support
of or against the petitions, before the Appomattox County Planning Commission
and Board of Supervisors.