355
On a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard,
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was action necessary from the executive session. Hearing
none, and there being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr.
Torrence to recess at 9:30 P.M. until February 2, 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
aChairman
A regular meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on February
2, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia
Present: Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present: Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Thomas W. Lawson — County Attorney
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:00 P.M. and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation.