530
On Monday, May 3, 2004, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting in the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA. 24522.
PRESENT: Mr. Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Mr. Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Mr. Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Mr. Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to give
the invocation.
Mr. Carter called attention to the first item on the agenda: Setting of Agenda:
1. There will be no executive session tonight.
2. Amended Budget Schedule. Move May 10th, meeting to May 11",
as Town Council will be using the Council Chambers on May 10th.
4. Supplemental Appropriation - Commonwealth Attorney’s Office for
Salary - Part-time Secretary
Mr. Carter asked if any Supervisor had an issue they would like to add at this
time.
Citizen Public Comment Period: This time is provided by the Board to allow
citizens to appear to discuss issues that are of importance or concern to the
citizens.
Mr. John Wilson, Appomattox, Va. Mr. Wilson began by stating that on
March 21, 2004 he sent a letter to the Board in which he advocated the
construction of a water reservoir in the County of Appomattox. He also
advocated local operation and control of our water supply including treatment
facilities. He asked you to choose development of the infra-structure and
resources of the town and county instead of Lynchburg, Campbell County or
Region 2000. Only Mr. Craft volunteered a response to his letter. He verbally
indicated that the pipeline was a done deal. When pressed, Mr. Carter, indicated
that a source of our water had not been decided. Last week, the County
Administrator furnished him with a copy of the study done by Wiley & Wilson.
From studying this document, he learned that the 460 Water Pipeline has indeed
been decided. The Waterline has progressed to this stage without benefit of
public discussion or debate on the pros and cons for providing an adequate and