35
the next petition.
02-495 - Gregory A. Wooten and Leslie T. Wilhoit - Conditional use permit to operate an auto
sales business per §170-47(A)(30) of the Appomattox Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on
U. S. 460 West between Rt. 646 and Rt. 703, Tax Map #62(A)142, and is zoned B-1.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition. Hearing none, Mr. Stidham turned
the meeting back to Mr. Carter.
A6 7:06 p.m. Mr. Carter declared the Public Hearing for Zoning Petitions closed.
At 7:06 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the Public Hearing on the Biosolids Ordinance and read the
following:
This public hearing provides concerned citizens with the opportunity to comment on the
proposed Land Application of Biosolids Ordinance before the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors. Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage
in discussion of the subject with the Board members of other citizens.
As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the record.
Dr. Betty Siano, 106 Virginia Avenue, Appomattox, came forward. Dr. Siano began by stating
that for the first time in her life she regrets being a well educated person and being an American,
she never thought that she would say such a thing. She has lived in other countries where this
type of material has been used on the ground and she has seen the sickness, and diseases that our
Country is not familiar with. She also read the articles in the News & Advance and the Times-
Virginian and was amazed to see that the Board of Supervisors has finally realized that the
13,000 citizens of this County should not be abused because of the self-serving interests of some
trucking companies and eleven farmers. The only difference between the biosolids decisions you
gentlemen are making and the terrorists strike is that the pain and suffering from terrorists is
much quicker. We, the citizens of Appomattox County are in for a long period of suffering.
Mr. Ray Wingfield, Route 711, Appomattox, Va. began by stating that he encourages the Board
of Supervisors to enact the previous biosolids ordinances. It is the prudent and safe thing to do
and by so doing you will have the support of the overwhelming majority of our county citizens
behind you. The decisions made regarding biosolids will have more impact than any decisions
made on new courthouses, new schools, new road signs and new tax bases, it will impact every
present and future county citizen. If the Board’s action creates any law suits, so be it.
Mr. Wingfield thinks the farmers should sue somebody and he has some suggestions as to who it
should be. 1) the Virginia Health Department for practicing fraud, deception and giving out mis-
information for indicating that the farmers would be receiving Class A Biosolids knowing full
well that our county farmers have no chance at all of ever receiving Class A Biosolids; 2) the 58
or so Virginia Delegates who received donations for Synagro and other biosolid contractors; 3)