495
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1
absent)
2. Social Services Board: Richard Martin, Director of Social Services, has
requested that Ms. Judy Covington be appointed to the Social Services Board for
a four (4) year term.
Mr. Craft stated he has known Ms. Covington from her participation with the Habitat for
Humanity Program and feels she would make an excellent member of this Board.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to appoint Ms. Judy Covington to a
four year term on the Social Services Board. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
3. Clarification of State Route 721 and 671 Abandonment: Mr. Conrad
stated this proposed abandonment had been discussed at previous meetings and
the Board was under the impression that all the land involved in this area was
owned by Mr. Mirra. After visiting the site with Mr. Craft, they discovered this
was not the case. The other property owners were not interested in selling their
land and these two (2) roads were an integral part of getting to their property.
Mr. Conrad then contacted Mr. Thomas Lawson, attorney for Mr. Mirra, and Mr.
Mirra has withdrawn his petition to have these two (2) roads abandoned.
4. Letter to Legislators on State Budget Impact: VACo has requested that a
letter be sent to our local legislators and local newspapers, outlining how the lack
of a State Budget impacts our budget preparations and tax rates for FY 2005.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to have Mr. Spencer write a letter
to our local legislators expressing our concerns regarding the impact of not having a
State Budget on preparations of our FY2005 budget. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
5. Reappointment of BZA Member: The term of Susan Hudson on the Board of
Zoning Appeals is about to expire. Ms. Hudson is willing to serve another term
and staff advises the Board to recommend her reappointment to the Circuit Court
Judge.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad to recommend Ms. Susan Hudson
be reappointed to the Board of Zoning Appeals. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next presented the CONSENT AGENDA: (Items 3-9)
3. Approval of the Bills: Please approve bills as presented for payment.
4. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular Meeting of 2-17-
04; Joint Meeting with School Board of 2-23-2004; Special Meeting of 2-26-
2004; Regular Meeting 3-1-2004 and Special Called Meeting of 3-4-2004.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS: