184
of service begins immediately after receiving a report of outage. Their signal quality andliability meet FCC standards. The signal quality and liability are much better in theCounty since they have upgraded. Their service representatives have the authority togive a 1-month credit to any customer without supervisory approval. NESBE does notschedule any downtime during prime viewing hours.
Mr. Jobe also discussed the Franchise Fee. Under Federal law franchising authorities are
entitled to get up to 5% gross revenue per month as a franchise fee. This is listed as a
separate item on the billing.
The existing franchise is in effect until 2013 and they do not feel the need to re-open the
contract. They replaced WGN with Alive TV (Concord). Under Federal Law they are
obligated to carry this. They carry a lot of local programming, and gospel music.
Mr. Carter asked what it would take to get WGN back on line. Mr. Jobe stated they
would have to do some equipment changes and adjust some local stations and he is not
sure the system in Campbell County could handle this. There would also be an increase
in the Basic Rate.
Mr. Carwile asked if there had been any modifications or changes in the contract since
1997 and asked for an explanation of part B of the contract.
Mr. Jobe stated no changes had been made in the contract. Also they are required to pay
3% of the gross revenue to the County within 60 days from December 31* of each year.
This money goes directly to the Treasurer. He will send a copy to the County
Administration on the validation of the annual franchise fees.
After answering a few other questions, Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Jobe for attending the
meeting and answering the questions presented.
At 7:16 p.m. Mr. Carter stated there would be a Public Hearing on the Revenue
Maximization Ordinance and read the following statement: This public hearing has
been scheduled to obtain public comment concerning the adoption of an ordinance
approving a Regional Revenue Maximization Board and authorizing participation by
Appomattox County in this regional endeavor.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to comment on this ordinance. No one came forward.
Mr. Carter read the advertisement placed in the newspaper regarding this hearing.
“The Appomattox County Board of Supervisors will conduct a public hearing on
December 2, 3003 at 7:00 p.m. in the Appomattox County Courthouse located on Court
Street in Appomattox, Virginia to receive comments from the public concerning the
adoptance of an ordinance approving a regional agreement between the counties of
Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell and the cities of Bedford and Lynchburg
to provide joint action through the establishment of the Regional Revenue Maximization
Board, in accordance with §15.2-1300 and §15.2-1427 of the Code of Virginia as