559 |
Mr. Puckett gave his address and 125 South Church Street, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Puckett continued to say that the proposed changes would not personally affect him but
he felt they would have a detrimental effect on the community. Mr. Puckett stated that he
was opposed to any changes. Mr. Puckett stated that he was opposed for basically the
same reasons that the Board had already heard but there were a few others that he would
like to point out. One of these is the family exemption. Mr. Puckett is mainly concerned
with the definition of family member. Mr. Puckett also pointed out that certain loan
institutions did not want to finance more than one acre with a house. Mr. Puckett stated
that he was confused as to what the Board was trying to accomplish. Mr. Puckett
questioned, is it mobile homes, is it trailer parks? If this is the issue then it should be
addressed in a different manner. Mr. Puckett cautioned the Board to not take away the
right of the people in trying to react to a particular situation. Mr. Puckett also cautioned
the Board to consider how this would effect the people of the County down the road.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mrs. Julie Austin to come forward.
Mrs. Austin gave her address as Route 1 Box 182, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. Austin
continued that she was a citizen of the County and a landowner in A-1. Mrs. Austin
continued that she was concerned with some of the misinformation that had been
published in the Times-Virginian and she went on to state what some of this
misinformation entailed. Mrs. Austin continued by asking the audience how many
people had copies of the zoning ordinance (Mrs. Austin counted eight hands). Mrs.
Austin stated that she felt that a lot of people in the room felt that the five acre minimum
was County wide but she wanted to clear that up by saying that it was only proposed for
A-1. Mrs. Austin continued that if you lived in R-1 or R-2 your lot size could be smaller.
Mrs. Austin stated that the current zoning ordinance was full of loopholes. Mrs. Austin
read a section from the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance that explained the intent
of Agricultural Zoning. Mrs. Austin stated that according to the ordinance A-1 zoning is
not geared for residential development. Mrs. Austin complemented the Board on their
efforts and recognized that there was no easy way to regulate growth. Mrs. Austin
continued that she supported residential development in R-2 zones.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mrs. Nancy Jones to come forward.
Mrs. Jones came forward and gave her address as HCR Box 12, Red House, Virginia.
Mrs. Jones stated that she appreciates the work that the Board has done. Mrs. Jones
stated that when she came to work for Appomattox County forty years ago things were a
lot different. She has seen a lot of growth and change. Mrs. Jones continued that her
concern was with orderly growth. Mrs. Jones stated that she felt sure all the problems
that had been mentioned at this meeting could be addressed to each individuals
satisfaction. Mrs. Jones thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Tommy O’Brien to come forward.
Mr. O’Brien came forward and gave his address as Route 3, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
O’Brien began that in 1988 is when this problem started. Mr. O’Brien stated that when
five-acre parcels were eliminated on private roads, it brought the mobile homes out of the