455
Supervisors required a County resident to pay in advance the total cost of
purchasing and installing two (2) “Watch for Children” signs on Route 724.
It is recommended that the Board develop a policy for funding the purchase and
installation of “Watch for Children” signs and then take the appropriate action on
this particular request from the Town of Pamplin. It is not recommended that
the Board use Secondary System Construction Allocation for this request.
Mr. Craft stated he had talked to a couple of VDOT employees and was informed that
they would install these signs but they would bill the County of Appomattox.
Mr. Carter stated the 1999 request was in his district and a citizen in that area agreed to
pay the cost of the installation of these signs. He does not recall any previous actions
regarding similar requests.
Mr. Spencer will write a letter to Pamplin Town Council informing them that they will
need to pay for the costs of installing these signs.
4. Committee Appointments: Nominations have been made to the following
boards and committees:
A. Elementary School Committee:
Mr. Samuel E. Carter
Mr. Thomas H. Conrad
Ms. Kim Ray
Ms. Anne Dixon
B. Welfare Board:
Mr. William H. Craft
Cc. CVAAA Board:
Mr. Thomas H. Conrad
D. CED’s Committee:
Mr. Shawn A. Armbrust
Mr. William H. Craft
E. Community Center Board:
Mr. Shawn A. Armbrust
It is recommended that the Board accept the nominations and appoint these
people to their respective boards and committees.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the nominees to the
above listed boards and committees. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Shrink-Swell Soils Policy: Appomattox County has been listed by the State as
being a locality with at least 20% Shrink-Swell Soils. These soils require
additional design and construction measures to insure structural rigidity. The
Virginia Uniform Statewide Building Code gives local governments the authority
to create a policy on dealing with Shrink-Swell Soils as a part of the building
inspections process. In October, 2003, the previous Building Official instituted a