88
Mr. Carwile had a question regarding 1204 - Legal Fees.
Mr. Carroll answered his questions to his satisfaction.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
2. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has made the
following recommendations from the May 20, 2002 meeting:
02-502: James M. & Deborah L. Purcell: Conditional use permit to operate an auto
repair shop per §170-34 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is
located on Route 716 between Rt. 644 and Dead End, Tax Map #118(1)1, and is zoned
A-1, Agricultural.
Planning Commission recommends approval with conditions in addition to those proffered by the
petitioners:
1.PBSiSas
Plant staggered row of Leyland cypress trees along the road frontage between the entrance
to the proposed building site and the silo on the petitioner’s property. Confirm that trees
have been planted within thirty (30) days of approval of conditional use permit. Trees
must be maintained for the duration of the permit.
No business signs are permitted.
The conditional use permit is not transferable to any other property owner.
No inoperable vehicles may be stored outside the buildings.
No engines will be run after 6:00 p.m. on weekdays, 1:00 p.m. on Saturdays, or on
Sundays.
Gravel entranceway and parking lot must be maintained to avoid mudholes and ruts.
No employees may be hired.
02-503: Alexandra R. Glover: Conditional Use Permit to operate a group home per
§170-37 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 654
between Rt. 615 and Rt. 736, Tax Map #13(A)24, and is zoned R-1 Residential.
Planning Commission recommends approval of the conditional use permit with conditions in
addition to those proffered by the petitioner.
1.
2.
No more than four (4) residents are permitted.
The conditional use permit is not transferable to any other property owner.
Recycling Ordinance Request: The Planning Commission recommended the Board of
Supervisors implement the proposed manned disposal site program as outlined in a report
prepared by Alice Rockefeller. This recommendation is in response to the Board’s
request that the Commission prepare a recycling ordinance. It is the Commission’s
opinion that their recommended course of action be pursued in lieu of developing an
ordinance.