452
received many phone calls against this action. He, visited the site every day last week
and found that on Wednesday, there was little trash in the dumpster, but on Friday it
was overflowing. Mr. Conrad accompanied him on one visit. There was a small amount
of trash on the ground. He also visited the site on Route 648 and found a considerable
amount of trash outside the dumpsters. As evident by the number of persons present
tonight, the community wants to keep this site open and he feels it is in the best interest
of the neighborhood to do so. In talking with a number of people he saw at the site,
he received only one complaint against the site remaining open. He would like to have
an additional dumpster placed at the site, continue to pick up only once a week and
possibly place a recycling dumpster for cardboard, paper, etc. There is also the need for
a fence and possibly some steps so that the senior citizens and others do not have to
attempt to toss thrash over into the container.
Mr. Conrad agreed with the recommendations made by Mr. Armbrust. By eliminating this
site, you are only going to put more trash at the Spout Spring and Oakville sites, which
are already being overloaded.
There was some discussion regarding either re-working the present sites and/or going to
manned sites. The conclusion was that we need to develop a plan for the future.
Mr. Carter called Ms. Rockefeller, Landfill Supervisor, to address the Board.
Ms. Rockefeller presented the Board with some facts and figures regarding the location
of the various dumpster sites and the mileage distance between each of these sites.
Over the past three years, she has received approximately 10 complaints regarding this
site. She has in the past found evidence that this site has indeed been used for the
consuming of alcohol and for other activities. She also informed the Board of a couple
of complaints she had during the past two years about businesses using this site to
dispose of waste. Ms. Rockefeller stated that by using manned sites, this will eliminate
the problem of businesses using the sites as opposed to paying the landfill fee for
disposing of their waste at the landfill itself. Ms. Rockefeller indicated that the retention
of this site is not profitable to the County. Most of the sites range from 8 to 11 miles
apart. In order to achieve a five mile ratio between sites, we would need to install three
more sites.
Ms. Rockefeller also provided some facts and figures comparing Appomattox County and
its dumpster sites to those of surrounding counties.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to keep the dumpster site located
on Route 667 and add a recycling bin and a fence. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 7:40 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7:45 p.m. Mr. Carter called Ms. Anne Dixon, Director Recreation, Parks &
Tourism to address the Board. Ms. Dixon is appearing to provide a monthly update on
tourism activities.