498
10.
11,
12.
reserve fund as provided in the Indenture. If the Board of Supervisors of the
County exercises its right not to appropriate money for rent payments, the Trustee
may terminate the lease or otherwise exclude the County from possession of the
Projects subject to the terms of the Financing Lease. The issuance of the Bonds, in
the aggregate principal amount of $2,500,000, maturing on October 1, 2004
through October 1, 2011 and October 1, 2018, in the principal amounts, at the per
annum rates of interest, and redemption provisions set forth in the attached
Exhibit A, is hereby approved
The Authority agrees to the recommendation of the County that Crestar Bank be
appointed as Trustee under the Indenture and hereby so designates Crestar Bank
as such Trustee.
The Authority hereby authorizes the issuance of the Bonds pursuant to the
Indenture upon terms set forth therein as approved by the County.
The Authority deems it advisable to provide for the use of proceeds of the Bonds
to pay interest during any period of acquisition, construction and equipping of the
Projects.
The Chairman of the Authority is hereby authorized and directed to execute the
Ground Lease, the Financing Lease and the Bond Purchase Agreement.
The Chairman of the Authority is hereby authorized and directed to execute the
Indenture and the Assignment Agreement and such other documents as are
necessary in the Chairman's sole discretion to create and perfect a complete
assignment of the rents and profits due or to become due under the Financing
Lease in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Bonds.
The Chairman of the Authority is authorized and directed to execute the Official
Statement with respect to the issuance and sale of the Bonds in substantially the
form of the draft of the Preliminary Official Statement presented to this meeting
with such changes or supplements as such officers and agents of the Authority
may consider necessary or desirable in connection therewith, and such Official
Statement is hereby approved. The distribution of the Preliminary Official
Statement and the Official Statement is hereby authorized. The authorization and
approval of the Official Statement is solely for purposes of complying with Rule 1
5c2- 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the County is
understood and agreed to be the sole "obligated person" under such Rule.
The Chairman of the Authority is hereby authorized and directed to execute the
Bonds by manual or facsimile signature, and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary,
either of whom may act, are hereby authorized and directed to affix the seal of the
Authority to or print a facsimile thereof on the Bonds and attest the same by
manual or facsimile signature, and the officers of the Authority are hereby