445
On Monday, January 12, 2004 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and the
Appomattox County School Board held a joint meeting at the Appomattox County School
Board Administration Building, located on Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
Present: (Board of Supervisors)
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
William Craft - Appomattox River District
Shawn Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Thomas Conrad — Falling River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
PRESENT: (School Board)
Todd Pickett
R. M. (Bobby) Mitchell
Clifford Rhodenizer
Amy Martin
Marcia Jones
ALSO PRESENT:
John K. Spencer, Jr. — Interim County Administrator
Dr. Walter Krug — Superintendent — Appomattox County Schools
Billy Perrow - Director of Business — School Administration
Dorinda Grasty — Remedial and Special Education
Martha Eagle — Career and Technology Education
Janice Marston — Personnel and Personnel Instruction
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the Board of Supervisors meeting to order.
Dr. Krug then called the School Board Meeting to order.
Mr. Carter then gave the invocation.
Dr. Krug welcomed everyone and stated he appreciated everyone being present. He
also introduced Ms. Christine Chapman with the News & Advance. She will be the
reporter for the County, replacing Ron Brown.
He then stated the purpose of the meeting was to bring everyone together in a
discussion format in order to begin a dialogue and talk about things that are very
important to everyone in the community — Schools. He recognizes that the Board of
Supervisors has a lot of responsibilities, one of which has to do with the schools. He
stated that the school division wanted to educate the Board about our schools and that
it was hoped that this meeting would be the first of a series to be held at the Board’s
convenience. He said that the schools had a lot of wonderful things going on. but that
there are also challenges in front of us. The schools wanted to share some of those
challenges in a form that would hopefully be instructive to everyone.
Dr. Krug said that in the format for tonight the School Board would like to talk about
their six-year plan, which they have mentioned before and have sent the Board copies