371
Mr. Bosiger stated that the members of the School Board and School Officials had
arrived for their appointment with the Board of Supervisors, and asked if the tax rate
discussion could be tabled until after the meeting with the School Board.
By consensus of the Board, it was agreed to table the tax rate discussion until after the
appointment with the School Board.
Mr. Bosiger next welcomed the members of the School Board, school administration, and
Blair Smith, representative with Fauber Architects.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Blair Smith to provide additional information on the high
school roof repairs that had been proposed.
Mr. Smith reported in great detail the options that had been reviewed to take care of the
leaks in the high school roof and the reason for the option that had been proposed by his
firm.
Mr. Smith next answered questions of the members of the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Perrow next explained that the roof at the high school was not the only roof that
needed attention and that the other projects would have to be addressed in the near future.
After further discussion, and by consensus of the Board of Supervisors, it was agreed that
a decision would be made on the repairs to the high school roof and the School Board
would be notified.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused School Board members and School Officials.
Mr. Bosiger next returned the attention of the other members of the Board to the tax rate
issue.
After a lengthy discussion on FY99 budget requests and revenue projections, Mr.
Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to advertise a public hearing for 7:00
P. M. on April 9, 1998 for a proposed tax levy increase from $0.52 per hundred on real
estate to $0.55 per hundred on real estate. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Emanuel Tire of Virginia that they be allowed
to work 7:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M. March 23 through March 28, 1998.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to hold Emanuel
Tire of Virginia to the same hours of operation as the landfill. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the other members of the Board if they wished to set dates for
budget work sessions and the public hearing on the budget.