360
Calvin Tanner
Mr. Carter then read the following statement and turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham:
This Public Hearing provides property owners the opportunity to present zoning petitions
and concerned citizens the chance to speak for or against the petitions before the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Board of Supervisors. Please note that
the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in discussion of the petitions.
Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting immediately
following the Public Hearing. We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments
by the petitioner, followed by comments from individuals to speak for and /or against the
petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address for the
record.
Mr. Stidham read the first petition:
#03-526 — John & Linda Eby: Conditional Use Permit to operate a shooting preserve in
the A-1 Agricultural District per §170-34(A)(32) of the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance. Property is located on Route 609 between Rt. 608 and Rt. 698, Tax Map
#60(A)7.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Jack Eby, 155-M2, Concord, Va. came forward . He would like to open a shotgun
target shooting facility. He operated one in New Jersey for 20 years. All stations will be
set up in the scenic woods where shooters can stop and shoot at targets representing
different types of animals. The shots will be set up in low sections where natural hills
will serve as backstops and reduce the noise levels and you will know where the shots
will end up. They will also have the 5-stand clay shooting area for those who do not wish
to hike through the woods. This will make a fine sport for men, women and children who
enjoy the sport of shooting.
Mr. Carter asked for clarification on the hours of operation: 9 A.M. to dusk on Thursday
through Sunday.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments on this petition, hearing none he read the next
petition.
#03-527 — Peggy Rogers/Frank Carwile: Conditional Use Permit to site a mobile home
in the V-1 Village District per §170-43(A)(18) of the Appomattox County Zoning
Ordinance. Property is located on Route 26 between Rt. 660 and Rt. 608, Tax Map
#38(A)77A.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for the petition.
Ms. Nancy Marks of Route 6, Box 1575, Appomattox, Va. came forward. Ms. Marks
stated she would be making this mobile home her home if this petition is approved. She
has lived in Appomattox about 30 years. She is a Christian lady, looking for a quite life