387.
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger continued that if he understood Mr. Gragg correctly, Mr. Gragg had asked
for six (6) months in order to locate and permit another site for the tire processing
operation. Mr. Bosiger stated that he understood Mr. Gragg’s request to be that within
that six (6) month period needed for relocation, he was requesting the Board of
Supervisors allow him to operate additional hours in order to perform maintenance on his
equipment. Mr. Bosiger continued that his understanding was that no trucks hauling tires
would enter or exit the landfill during these extended hours.
Mr. Bosiger explained that landfill personnel had agreed to come in at 7:00 A.M.
Monday through Saturday to allow the extra hours of operation for Emanuel Tire to
perform maintenance on equipment. Mr. Bosiger continued that the Board of Supervisors
had agreed to these extra hours in order to accommodate Emanuel Tire.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Gragg and called on Mrs. Mary Ann Freshwater to
appear before the Board.
Mrs. Freshwater thanked the Board for the opportunity to meet with them and explained
her reason for coming before the Board was to request a proclamation recognizing the
week of April 19 through 25, 1998 as Virginia Crime Victims’ Rights Week.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, one violent crime is committed in America every 19 seconds; and
WHEREAS, 36.8 million victimization’s of Americans occur in the United Stated each
year, and of those, 9.1 million are victims of violent crime; and
WHEREAS, crime victims play an indispensable role in bringing offenders to justice;
and
WHEREAS, law abiding citizens are no less deserving of justice, rights, resources,
restoration, and rehabilitation than the violent offenders who victimize them; and
WHEREAS, crime victims and their advocates over the past two decades have made
unparalleled progress in securing rights for crime victims in the criminal justice system;
and
WHEREAS, the citizens across America believe that Victim’s Rights are Right for
America and the millions of survivors of crime and their families deserve justice; and