153
Mr. Don Zuppello, Rt. 5, Box 806, Appomattox, Va. spoke against this petition. Mr. Zuppello stated
he has lived on the cul-de-sac for the past 16 years. Originally the property was zoned R-1 in 1988
but there were four mobile home that are grandfathered. The A-1 designation bothers him because
the undeveloped lots could be clear-cut and used as pasture land. He is also concerned about the use
of biosolids. Some of the residents believe that their tax burden would be lower in an A-1 district
but this is not true. He feels that the area should remain as R-1.
Mr. William Pruett, 8770 Hughes Land Road, Mechanicsville, Va . stated he was against this
rezoning because of the agricultural uses that could come with the rezoning.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone else wished to speak on behalf of this petition.
Mr. Stidham then presented an amendment to the County Zoning Ordinance - Lot Width Definition
Amendment, August 2002. This amendment will amend the definition of “lot width” per §170-3.
No one spoke for or against this amendment.
At 7:17 p.m. the Public Hearing was closed. Mr. Carter also called for a five (5) minute recess.
At 7:21 p.m. Mr. Carter resumed the Board meeting and called for the next item on the agenda.
3. Public Comment Period: Staff has prepared a revised draft of the Public Comment Period
for the Board’s consideration. This revision includes an opportunity for the public to address the
Board at every regularly scheduled Board meeting and limits the time to 10 minutes per person for a
30 minute period at the beginning of the meeting. If additional speakers wish to address the Board,
time will be available at the end of the meeting before adjournment to receive these comments. If
these recommendations are not satisfactory to the Board, then the Board should consider appointing a
citizens group to review the proceedings for an open public comment period and report back to the
Board with a recommendation or continue with the current policy of contacting the administrator’s
office before 4:30 p.m. on the Wednesday prior to the Board meeting.
Several Board members made comments regarding the draft and what changes they perceived should
be made in the final document, especially the last sentence.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the Open Public Comment Period for
Citizens of Appomattox County as amended.
Open Public Comment Period
For Citizens of Appomattox County
The Board of Supervisors hereby creates a designated opportunity for citizens of
Appomattox County to address the Board concerning issues of importance to the County
and citizens. The Board has designated the first thirty (30) minutes of every regularly