bY
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt the Board should really look hard, to improve the image of
the Board, to the taxpaying citizens of the County.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carwile if he thought there should not be a time limit placed on
speakers?
Mr. Carwile answered that from a roster that had been posted at the entrance to the
courtroom, Mr. Bosiger should be able to determine whether a time limit was necessary
by looking at the number of people that had signed up to speak. Mr. Carwile continued
that at the end he felt it should be open to the citizens, to the taxpayers, that if anyone
would like to come back for the second round they should be allowed to do so.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he just wanted to handle the meeting in a fair manner to everyone.
Mr. Torrence stated that he disagreed with Mr. Carwile. He continued that he did not feel
that anyone would gain if you allowed people to speak as long as they wanted to. Mr.
Torrence stated that he felt that Mr. Bosiger had been handling things properly.
Mr. Bosiger called for other concerns.
Mr. Carwile began that since the last public hearing he had been reached by many. He
continued that he had in front of him a letter from Sonny Conner in reference to the
proposed changes in Agriculture 1. Mr. Carwile continued that the letter dated January
18, 1999, Frank Carwile, Dear Frank: I attended the public hearing on the proposed
changes in Agriculture A-1 at the courthouse. I felt that the meeting went well the public
made its objections that the Board leave it alone. With over one hundred people saying
leave it alone, three people spoke for changes, and two people said they could accept
some changes like two to three acres in Agriculture A-1. I picked up the Times-Virginian
Newspaper and read that the Supervisors were planning a round table discussion with the
Appomattox County Planning Commission and Bill Caldwell to discuss a solution to the
problem. I feel that our citizens have already spoken and said leave it like it is. I also
have been hearing rumors that they plan to change Agriculture A-1 to two acres and not
hold a public hearing. Why have a round table discussion if the Supervisors have made
the decision. This only adds to the problem of the Supervisors putting neighbor against
neighbor and I don’t think we need this type of County government in Appomattox. If
the Supervisors make any changes and hold a public hearing, you will hear from more
citizens the next time around because of the bad publicity that has come up. Thanks for
listening and speaking for the citizens of Appomattox. If I can be of any help please give
me a call at 352-7771. Thomas E. Conner
Mr. Carwile stated that he just brought this to be read into the records to give the feelings
of the person in reference to the public hearing. Mr. Carwile continued that with that
read he had another concern. He stated that he had received a call pertaining to cows on
the property that the I1.D.A. owns, that they are being a nuisance getting out, and he was
caught off base, but he said wait a minute, we the County taxpayers did not own that
property and he would have to refer the complaint to Bill Slagle. Mr. Carwile asked for