253
Mr. Lawson is requesting that the Board allow him to retain ownership of items that
remained in the Hunter House property since its purchase by the County in September
1999.
According to the Sale Agreement, Mr. Lawson was allowed to remove these items
before December 31, 1999 after which time they would become the property of the
County. Due to the courthouse project and the demolition of the Hunter House, any
items considered of value were relocated to the old elementary school to be included in
the upcoming auction.
Mr. Lawson contends he had a verbal agreement with Ms. Ferguson, County
Administrator at the time of the sale, that he did not have to meet this deadline as long as
he understood that anything that was stolen, destroyed by fire or otherwise, was his lose,
and not the County’s responsibility, until such time as the County needed this space. He
was not notified that the house was going to be torn down and therefore did not have
adequate time to remove his belongings.
Mr. Carwile appreciates Mr. Lawson’s position on this. He is well aware of the contract
signed in 1999 but he was not aware of any verbal agreement with Ms. Ferguson. He
feels that Mr. Lawson should be allowed to retain possession of any items that are
rightfully his. The Lawson name is an upstanding name in the County, and they have
contributed a lot to the welfare of the County.
Mr. Hancock inquired if Mr. Lawson had been notified to remove his belongings prior to
the demolition of the property.
Mr. Carroll referred to items 8 & 9 of the original contact which reads:
8. “Purchaser and Sellers agree that Sellers shall have until December 31, 1999 to
remove all personal property from said premises, however the Purchaser shall not
be responsible for any damage, destruction, theft or any other loss of Sellers’
personal property from the closing date of this Contract until December 31, 1999.
All personal property remaining on said premises after December 31, 1999 shall
become property of the Purchaser.”
9. “This contract represents the entire agreement between Sellers and Purchaser and
may not be modified or changed except by written instrument signed by the
parties“.
Mr. Kendrick stated that if there was any expense of moving this property, Mr. Lawson
should be accessed this expense and be allowed to have his property returned. Mr.
Kendrick also stated that had he cut a deal like Mr. Lawson did, he would have removed
this property before the deadline.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to have Mr. Lawson coordinate
with the County A dministrator, the movement of M r. Lawson’s property before May
15", 2003. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)