983
Mr. Carwile stated that Mr. Torrence made the motion that in addition to what had
already been decided that night that was put in place, to add to it with no
recommendation from the Planning Commission.
Mr. Bosiger stated that the Planning Commission made a recommendation but they did
not feel that it adequately addressed the Board’s request.
Mr. Bosiger called for a consensus from the Board if they wanted to continue and meet
with the Planning Commission as scheduled.
Mr. Carter, agreed to continue.
Mr. Moore agreed to continue.
Mr. Torrence agreed to continue.
Mr. Carwile stated that he had no vote in it.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt that it was perfectly legitimate to discuss this issue with the
Planning Commission and therefore that was a consensus of four members so they would
proceed.
Mr. Bosiger called the Planning Commission to meet with the Board.
While waiting on the Planning Commission, Mr. Bosiger explained to Mr. Moore, that
there were a few matters that the Board had held until Mr. Moore finished in the Planning
Commission meeting.
Mr. Bosiger continued that one of the items was the appointment of two members to the
Library Board, one of which was to come from Mr. Moore’s district.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to reappoint Mrs.
Doris Coleman, Piney Mountain District, and to appoint Mrs. Terry Cestaro, Courthouse
District, to serve four-year terms to expire 6/30/2002. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging for
assistance with the purchase of a van to be used in Appomattox County.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to hold this request until
budget time.
Mr. Bosiger then welcomed the Planning Commission.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Board had requested a meeting with the Planning
Commission in order to have an open discussion concerning certain changes in the A-1