571
The Board then decided to discuss the re-zoning of property for Freedom Ridge
in open session.
At 7:49 p.m. Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft to enter into
closed session for the purpose of discussing a legal issue under ยง2.2-3711 A. 6 -
Investment of Public Funds. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
At 8:19 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to return to open
session. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying statement:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under ยง 2.2-3711-A.6 of the Code
of Virginia, for the purpose of discussing the investment of public funds (competitive
bargaining) telephone system for Courthouse Complex.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter asked if there was any action to be taken as a result of the closed
session.
Mr. Carter made a motion to authorize staff to make contact with Dominion
Voice & Data, Inc., and COMworld for a new telephone system and install voice
and data cable, and the authority to award and enter into a contract. Mr. Moore
seconded the motion. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Overstreet stated that the item he wanted to discuss was one he had not
had a chance to talk with the Board about. In zoning issues when the Board is
considering re-zoning property, the law has been pretty clear over the years, that
the courts do not favor taking a sole issue and making a zoning decision on it.
For example, the Board cannot use aesthetics and have that as the sole reason
for denying something that otherwise would be a good zoning decision. The
courts, over the years, have felt the same way about public utilities. He thinks it
is fair to say that the courts do not approve taking a single issue and rendering
your decision based upon utilities. The Attorney General issued an opinion in
2003 where he stated that something to the effect that, localities may not deny