670
Mr. Carter then explained that due to the funding being eliminated for the grant that Mr.
Jones has been paid through, Mr. Jones had done some checking with the Office on
Youth to see if funding would be available from that source. The Office on Youth
administration would like to have a request from the Board if we wish to seek this
funding source.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was decided not to pursue funding
from the Office on Youth.
Mr. Carter then asked the Board if they were prepared to approve the April 19, 1999 bills
that have been submitted for payment.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the April 19, 1999 bills
for payment. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence,
aye;
Mr. Carter then explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss personnel.
At 9:55 P.M. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was agreed to enter
into executive session to discuss a personnel matter and land acquisition. Vote: Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore at 10:00 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter asked if there was action necessary from the executive session.