483
Mr. Johnny Overstreet — County Attorney
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Moore to deliver the
invocation.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of the Agenda:
Mr. Carter stated he had two (2) items he wished to add to the Agenda:
1- The use of Courtland Field in regards to the sale of alcoholic beverages - to be
added under Administrative Items: 1-A — Courtland Field.
2- Appointment to the Elementary School Committee — Administrative Items: 8.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else had anything they wished to add.
Mr. Carter next opened the Citizen Public Comments Period: This time is provided
by the Board to allow citizens to appear to discuss issued that are of importance or
concern to the citizens.
No one had asked prior to the meeting to address the Board and no one came forward
at this time.
Mr. Carter noted that Ms. Penny Taylor would be speaking on the reenactment in place
of Mr. Wayne Phelps. However, since Ms. Taylor had just arrived, Mr. Carter granted
her a few minutes to collect her thoughts.
Mr. Carter then called Ms. Barbara Williams, Clerk of the Circuit Court to address
the Board. Ms. Williams is appearing before the Board on behalf of the Courthouse
Furnishings Committee to discuss the need to expedite the process to select furnishings
for the new Courthouse.
Ms. Williams stated Judge Blanton had contacted her regarding when they would meet
with the architect regarding the courthouse furnishings. She was aware that some
furniture would have to be purchased and she assumed that some of the present
furnishings would be transferred to the new facility. She contacted Mr. Gary Harvey and
was informed this was not a part of their contract. Mr. Harvey also told her that we
would be pushed for time since these would need to be placed out on bid. She is
concerned because the court order states that the Courthouse has to be adequately
furnished. Ms. Williams recommends the Board place furnishings back into the
Craddock-Cunningham contract as this would likely cost less than having a “middle man”
involved. Ms. Williams is also recommending that Ms. Lynn Cunningham be used as the
consultant as she has worked very closely with the color schemes, carpets and tiles.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Williams for her comments and stated the Board would address
this issue later in the meeting.
Mr. Carter next called Ms. Penny Taylor of the Reenactment Committee to
address the Board. Ms. Taylor is appearing before the Board to discuss the upcoming
Civil war reenactment to be held June 19-20, 2004.