108
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District (arrived at 6:58 P.M.)
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
Dan Siegel, County Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Lee Byrd, County Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Kendrick to give the invocation.
Mr. Carter next called Dr. James Mundy, Lynchburg Community Action Group to address the Board.
Dr. Mundy will give an update on the first year of operations of the Rental Assistance Program for
Appomattox County and also a report on other activities that Lyn-CAG performs for our community.
Dr. Mundy stated it was a pleasure to be serving Appomattox County in the Rental Assistance
Program. They feel this program is going very well. He also gave a presentation concerning
programs offered in Appomattox County by Lyn-CAG, such as the SHARE H.I-P program which
offers housing for low income families which for some reason need short term assistance, until they
are able to return to work. They are able to pay rent or mortgage payments for three months in arrears
up to six months in advance for those who are able to provide adequate proof that they will be
returning to work.
Other programs include the Indoor Plumbing Program, Emergency Assistance Program, and the
Center for Employment & Training, which offers office automation skills. They are also working on
a program called “Project Discovery” which will be for juniors and seniors in high school from low
income families. They are still working on funding for this project and hope to have it available in
the fall.
A Transitional Housing program will hopefully be opening up in the near future to assist families and
etc. that need housing for a period of one year to eighteen months, due to fires or other emergencies.
Dr. Mundy provided handouts on all their programs which are available in Appomattox County.
Mr. Carter thanked Dr. Mundy for his excellent presentation.
At 6:45 p.m. Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to enter into a Closed Session per §2.2-3711 A.7 for
the purpose of consultation with legal counsel and briefings by staff members pertaining to
Litigation, Commonwealth of Va, vs Board of Supervisors, which is the Courthouse litigation and
the O’Brien, etal vs Board of Supervisors-Biosolids litigation. Also consultation with legal counsel
regarding the following specific legal matters requiring the provision of legal service.
1. Discussion of the Reassessment Contracts