475
WHEREAS, Norfolk Southern Corporation is proposing the abandonment of 35.66
miles of railroad from Burkeville, Virginia to Pamplin City, Virginia, partially located in the
Counties of Appomattox, Cumberland, Nottoway and Prince Edward; and
WHEREAS, the long-term objectives of the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox are the protection of the rail corridor through the development of a rails-to trails
project, the transformation of the abandoned rail corridor into an outdoor recreational and
heritage tourism opportunity, and the protection of High Bridge, a nationally and historically
significant railroad bridge structure; and
WHEREAS, High Bridge Rails-to-Trails, creates new economic and outdoor
recreation opportunities for citizens of the Counties of Prince Edward, Cumberland,
Appomattox and Nottoway and the Town of Farmville, Burkeville, Pamplin and the villages
of Rice and Prospect; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation has applied
for Transportation Enhancement funding for the development of a master plan, community
communications plan, environmental survey, and engineering study on bridge structures and
other trail improvements;
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Appomattox, Virginia, supports the Transportation Enhancement Grant
application of the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County of Appomattox hereby
understands that the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation will serve as
fiscal agent for this project.
Certification
I hereby certify that the foregoing resolution was duly considered by the Board of Supervisors of the County of
Appomattox, Virginia at a regular board meeting in Appomattox, Virginia, at which a quorum was present and that same was passed
by a vote offive in favor and none opposed, this 17" day of February, 2004.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Courthouse Change Orders: The Board has received change orders from
Gary Harvey, Project Manager - Craddock-Cunningham concerning the
Courthouse construction. 1) Light Fixtures & Switches: cost - $416.00 and 2)
Bruce Signs - $50.50. There was also a change order for Cabinets and
Countertops for the J&DR Courtroom: cost - $1,805.00 and the Security Office:
cost — $1,950.00. The Courthouse Committee has recommended approval of the
light fixtures & switches, the signs and the cabinetry for the J&DR Courtroom.
After some discussion regarding the construction of the cabinets for the Security Office,
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Courthouse Change
Orders as presented with the exception of the cabinets for the Security Office. VOTE:
Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
(5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next presented the Consent Agenda: (Items 7 - 14)
7. Approval of the Bills: Please bills as presented for payment.