427
4. Contract Proposal: Ms. Ora McCoy has submitted an unsolicited contract
proposal to Mr. Carter to perform grant writing services for the County for the purpose of
rehabilitating the Carver-Price Elementary School. The submitted proposal does not
conform to some of the standards typically included in similar contracts executed by the
County for professional services. Items typically included are: 1) Specific deliverables
along with specific time frames for completion, 2) Not to exceed cost figure or lump sum
cost to perform the service, 3) Payment on contracts are typically done at the conclusion
of the project or billed as a percentage complete, 4) Termination clauses for the contract.
Contract Proposal
Purpose: This concept document is prepared for the primary party Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors and secondary party Ora S. McCoy proposes to provide contractual
general services support to the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. The proposal
includes overview concept of how services would be provided.
Once agreed to in principal by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. The
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and Ora S. McCoy will utilize Concept
Proposal to prepare a General Services Contract for joint signatures.
As in the past I will continue to work energetically to help the County of Appomattox.
We will achieve our objectives for the Carver Price Museum and Educational Complex.
My services will include government networking strategies, marketing strategies,
teaming strategies and assistance in obtaining State and National Historic register
recognition for the purpose of obtaining Government Grants, Awards and Funding.
It is proposed that the County of Appomattox provide Ora S. McCoy as $2,500.00
retainer and $2,500.00 per month for the duration of the contract. Administrative cost
and expenses will be added in the grant application and reimbursed to County as
applicable.
The county upon approval will pay miscellaneous expenses.
When both parties agree to the service contract, Ora S. McCoy will utilize her resources
to achieve the objectives identified in the contract.
Working together for Appomattox County as the Director and Coordinator of Grants,
Awards and Funding, there is great potential for achieving our goals.
Staff recommends the Board determine if contracting for these grant writing services is
something it wishes to pursue. If the Board wishes to pursue a contract for professional
services for this project that it incorporate the items listed above into such a contract.
Mr. Carter suggested the Board table this until the next meeting.