411
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a request had come in with the budget for a donation to
support the regional Crime Stoppers project.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence, to donate
$1,000.00 to Crime Stoppers. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye,
Mr. Torrence, aye.
General budget discussion followed.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a letter from General District Court asking the Board of
Supervisors to reconsider the $600.00 telephone request that had been cut from their
FY99 budget.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to table action on this
request until final plans were submitted for Courthouse renovation.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from the Town of Appomattox for an easement at
the Community Center in order to connect a residence with a failing septic system to
Town sewer.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to approve the
easement proposed by the Town of Appomattox (Easement on file in County
Administrator’s Office) at the Community Center for a sewer line to a residence. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request for a supplemental appropriation of $2100.00 to pay
the Department of Environmental Quality for permit amendment fees.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appropriate $2100.00 to pay
landfill permit amendments to DEQ. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that a letter had been received from a citizen complaining that no
one would take care of a raccoon that she felt was acting strange. Mr. Bosiger continued
that the citizen felt that someone should be designated to take care of these animals as
situations arise.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was decided that Animal Control
would not get involved in handling game animals that were acting strange.
Being no further business, Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary
to discuss a personnel matter.