211
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to accept the recommendation of
the ACTIONS Committee to hold a public hearing in regards to the disposition of this
property. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye, and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. House Bill 1397 — Resolution Supporting HB 1397 as proposed by Del. Hull to
provide equal taxing authority to counties and cities.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution
supporting HB 1397.
Resolution of Support
HB 1397
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
WHEREAS, sixty-two percent of the revenue generated by Virginia’s local
governments to pay for local services is generated at the local level; and
WHEREAS, seventy-five percent of this local revenue is derived from four sources; the
real estate tax, the personal property tax, charges for services, and sales tax; and
WHEREAS, the real estate tax makes up the largest portion of local revenue at forty-
three percent of the total; and
WHEREAS, in Appomattox County the real estate tax comprises fifty percent of locally
generated revenue; and
WHEREAS, because counties have very few unrestricted revenue options available, the
burden to balance county budgets often falls on the real estate tax; and
WHEREAS, counties in Virginia need to diversify their revenue base to reduce the
burden on the real estate tax; and
WHEREAS, Section 15.2-1104 of the Code of Virginia sets forth the financial powers of
cities and towns but counties do not have comparable language in the code; and
WHEREAS, Section 15.2-1104 of the Code of Virginia therefore allows cities and towns
to raise taxes and assessments on property, persons, and other subjects of taxation that are
not otherwise prohibited by law and the practical application of this results in the ability
of cities and towns to levy cigarette taxes and admissions taxes, levy transient occupancy
taxes without a cap or restrictions, a levy on meals tax without a cap and without holding
a voter referendum; and
WHEREAS, Section 15.2 of the Code of Virginia should be amended to grant counties
the same powers of taxation as cities and towns; and