374
Mr. Carwile stated that this request has been before the Board for about a month. He can
understand the developers concern of time being of essence to them as winter is just
around the corner and they would like to get ground breaking started as soon as possible.
He does not feel the Board has reason to impede this project further. He suggests that the
Board address this issue at tonight’s meeting.
Mr. Kendrick stated that this issue should be addressed during Item 18 on the agenda.
Mr. Wayne Phelps came forward and stated he has property downstream from the project
and is concerned about the sewerage. He would like to see the Town accept this project
as opposed to seeing a lagoon. We have a nice Industrial Park and he would hate to see it
jeopardized by this retirement village.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Fred Godsey - Emergency Services Coordinator: Mr.
Godsey is appearing tonight to give a preliminary report on the affects of Hurricane
Isabel on Appomattox County. Mr. Godsey will also request that the Board lift the
declaration of local emergency declared on September 18, 2003.
Mr. Godsey began by stating what was done prior to, during and after the storm. Prior to
the storm he checked with various agencies and set everything in motion to open the
emergency shelter at the Community Center. After the Declaration of Local Emergency
was declared on September 18" he contacted the Department of Social Services and the
Red Cross and asked them to open the shelter at 4:00 p.m. on that day and it remained
open until approximately 1:00 a.m. as no one had come in.
On the morning of the 18", there was a meeting to discuss at what point the schools
should be closed and the children sent home safely. There was also a meeting with the
County and Town officials, VDOT, Fire Department, Rescue Squad, Health Department ,
the Forestry Department as well as the Sheriff's Department as to how each of these
departments would respond if called upon. Each of these had members on duty around
the clock and ready to do whatever was necessary.
Approximately 85% of the County was without electricity and it was estimated that it
could take up to 10 days before power was fully restored. Bottled water was requested
from the State for distribution to the citizens. The bottled water did not arrive until
Sunday at 1:00 p.m. In the interim, Transco, the Pamplin Fire Department and the
Appomattox Fire Department provided water to those individuals who furnished their
own containers. Mr. Godsey also thanked the members of the fire departments, their
families, and County employees that volunteered to help with the distribution of water.
Mr. Godsey is currently working with FEMA to see what assistance is available for those
citizens who had property damage from Hurricane Isabel.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Godsey for his leadership in this emergency situation.