442
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
17. Lynchburg Regional Airport: Report received from the regional airport.
18. Central Virginia Criminal Justice Academy: Letter received from the
Academy concerning funding issues.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns: (Item 19)
Mr. Craft said a Pamplin Town Council member has requested that the Board contact the
Virginia Department of Transportation and authorize the placement of “Watch for
Children” signs to be placed in the Town of Pamplin. He has contacted VDOT and the
cost of these signs is approximately $500 each. We would need to work out who would
pay for these signs, the County or the Town of Pamplin.
Mr. Overstreet revisited the dates of meetings discussed in the organizational portion of
the meeting. Section 15.2-1416 of the Code of Virginia specifies that “at its annual
meeting the Governing Body may fix a day or days to which a regular meeting should be
continued if the Chairman or Vice-Chairman, if the Chairman is unable to act, finds and
declares that weather or other conditions are such it is hazardous for members to attend
the regular meeting. Such findings should be communicated to the members and the
press as promptly as possible. All hearings and other matters previously advertised shall
be conducted at the continued meeting and no further advertisements are required.” The
beauty of this is if you are having a public hearing and have to cancel, you do not have to
re-advertise. You could say the next night or you may say instead of Tuesday it would be
the following Monday or whatever day you choose for the remainder of the year.
Motion was made and seconded that if due to inclement weather, the Board of
Supervisors would meet the next Monday night, with the exception of this being a
holiday, then the meeting would be held the following Tuesday. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter stated that a closed session was necessary in accordance with §2.2-3711 A.1
of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of personnel matters and §2.2-3711
A.5 for the discussion of a prospective business and §2.2-3711 A.7 for discussion of legal
matters — Biosolids Litigation.
At 7:34 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to enter into closed
session in accordance with §2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussion of personnel matters and §2.2-3711 A.5 for the discussion of a prospective
business and §2.2-3711 A.7 for discussion of legal matters — Biosolids Litigation.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)