II.
III.
447
to learn and to be in a safe environment. In today’s culture, with Columbine
and terrorism, we are always looking at what we are doing and what we
should be doing. Two preventive measures they have taken are: School
Resource Officers, originally funded through a grant but are now fully funded
by the Board of Supervisors, and security cameras on the buses and in the
schools. They also have to keep up Crime and Violence Reports based on
State guidelines. There are also various State guidelines on safety issues that
must be followed. There is also a lot of interaction with teachers,
administrators, parents, etc., to keep everything running smoothly.
Facilities: Mr. Perrow spoke briefly on School Facilities, which play an
important role in the learning process. They have spent a lot time, effort and
money in handicap facilities such as bathroom, etc., and there is a lot more
to be done. They also are anticipating having to install a lift in the
auditorium before graduation. There are also some handicap issues to be
addressed at the other schools. There are several improvements that need
to be done to the other school buildings. They will in the near future need a
funded capital improvement fund, not one on paper only.
Planning: Goal — To plan effectively to meet the evolving needs of
students and support operations. Dr. Krug addressed this issue. He
said that we need to spend more time on planning. Often a situation arises
in our planning that we need to stop and address immediately. We have
issues that are known to us, but at the same time, there are unknown issues
that we have to address. We do not know what may arise out of current
legislation that have not been planned for. Take Special Education, for
example. Special Education students must be provided with a free and
appropriate education. We must provide those needs. Education
requirements are ever changing and we must plan to meet those needs.
Staff Development: Goal — To provide a competent staff to meet the
needs of students. Ms. Janice Marston passed out an informational sheet
containing a list of program and school division needs and concerns about which
decisions must be made. How we go about determining the priority for what we
are going to do, and how we will spend the money that we have. There are
three (3) areas of staff development that she considers priorities - equipment,
retention and continuing professional development. She also talked about
teacher recruitment and how to attract the most highly qualified for our
particular needs and what we need to offer in order to retain these teachers.
Curriculum and Instruction: Goal — To strengthen programs for all
students. Ms. Martha Eagle and Ms. Dorinda Grasty gave a short presentation on
each of these subjects. Society is not the same as it was 20 years ago and neither
are our students. The Virginia Department of Education has set forth what
students ought to know and be able to do. The end result being students who do
not pass the SOL tests may not graduate from high school. There is a significant
change in what was once a local decision or State decision. Today’s students want
things done quickly — cell phones, lap tops, the internet and other technology