78
Route 652 the unpaved road is on the advertisement for October/November and will bepostponed until early spring.
The new addition money will stay. Mr. Austin stated he will report to the Board again in Juneand discuss the Six Year Plan at that time.
Mr. Austin also informed the Board that the Route 29 Bypass from Madison Heights to Campbell
County will be funded.
Mr. Austin informed the Board of the need to re-appoint the Road Viewers in June and have
them sworn in by July.
Mr. Carter asked for a motion to adopt the following Resolution for revenue sharing funds in
Country Haven Estates.
Resolution
WHEREAS, the property owners residing in Country Haven Subdivision located in Stonewall
Magisterial District have requested the Virginia Department of Transportation to provide an
estimate for the construction of 0.62 mile of Chestnut Mountain Drive from the end of state
maintenance Route 750 (1.80 miles west Route 61 1) to the Appomattox/Campbell County line,
to the requirements of the Virginia Department of Transportation and
WHEREAS, The Virginia Department of Transportation has provided an estimate for the cost
for said subdivision street and the affected property owners have donated through the county
$48,000.00 fifty (50) percent ofthe estimate.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of Transportation
hereby is requested to add to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System for construction
and maintenance the following section of road in accordance with Section 33.1-72.1, paragraph
C, of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as amended.
Name of Street: Chestnut Mountain Drive
From: 1.80 Miles West Route 611 (End State Maintenance Route 750)
To: Campbell County Line
Length: 0.62 miles
BE IT FURTHER, RESOLVED, that this board does guarantee a minimum of fifty (50) foot
right of way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills and drainage, together with
easements for drainage on adjacent properties.
Mr. Carwile made a motion to adopt the above Resolution on revenue sharing funds in Country
Haven Estates. Mr. Hancock seconded. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.