412
Mr. Torrence made a motion at 9:30 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into
executive session to discuss a personnel matter.
At 9:45 P.M. Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to return to regular
session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carwile the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business at 9:47 P.M., Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr.
Carwile to adjourn. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye. ,
Z lanaKK fagpics ~~
Garet K. Bosiger, Chéirman
A public hearing of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on May 18,
1998 at 6:30 P.M, in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter - Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
=