405
writing by such Local Issuer and which has filed with such Local Issuer a written
acceptance of such designation.
“Filing Date” shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3(a) hereof.
“Fiscal Date” shall mean the twelve-month period at the end of which financial
position and results of operations are determined. Currently, the Local Issuer’s Fiscal
Year begins July 1 and continues through June 30 of the next calendar year.
“holder” shall mean, for the purposes of this Disclosure Agreement, any person
who is a record owner or beneficial owner of a Series 2003 B Bond.
“Listed Events” shall mean any of the events listed in subsection 5(b)(5)(i)(C) of
the Rule.
“local school bonds” shall mean any of the Local School Bonds and any other
bonds of the Local Issuer pledged as security for Bonds issued under the Authority’s
1997 Resolution.
“Material Obligated Person” (or’MOP”) shall mean the Local Issuer if it has local
school bonds outstanding in an aggregate principal amount that exceeds 10% of the
aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Bonds of the Authority.
”National Repository” shall mean any Nationally Recognized Municipal
Securities Information Repository for purposes of the Rule.
“Participating Underwriter” shall mean any of the original underwriters of the
Authority’s Series 2003 B Bonds required to comply with the Rule in connection with the
offering of such Bonds.
“Repository” shall mean each National Repository and each State Repository.
“Rule” shall mean Rule 15c2-12 adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as the same may be amended
from time to time.
“State Repository” shall mean any public or private depository or entity
designated by the State as a state depository for the purpose of the Rule. As of the date of
this Agreement, there is no State Repository.
SECTION 3. Provision of Annual Reports.
(a) The Local Issuer shall, or shall cause the Dissemination Agent to,
provide to each Repository an Annual Report which is consistent with the requirements
of Section 4 of this Disclosure Agreement. Such Annual Report shall be filed on a date
(the “Filing Date’) that is not later than 12 months after the end of any Fiscal Year
(commencing with its Fiscal Year ending June 30, 2003) as of the end of which such
Local Issuer was a MOP, unless as of the Filing Date the Local Issuer ifno longer a