Do!
Minimum Yard Requirements
Front Yard Lot Setback in A-1
100 feet
Section 170-23
Exemption for members of the immediate family or for tenant farm housing.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, abstain; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger presented for the Boards consideration the request for a prepaid legal plan. After some
discussion the board decided they did not want to participate in such a plan.
Mr. Bosiger explained that a citizen had expressed some concern about the fact that dog owners
could confine their own animals after the dog had bitten a person. The citizen has recently been
bitten and was concerned about the spread of rabies. Mr. Lawson stated that the Board could do this
as an interpretation of the existing code and would not need to actually change the ordinance.
Some discussion occurred.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Board instruct the animal warden to
confine all dogs that bite someone to the pound for 10 days for rabies observation.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that the Board had received bids on the insurance for the county.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to stay with Cabell
Insurance based on the past experience with Cabell and their bid. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion at 10:25 P.M. to adjourn until 9:00 A.M.
December 12, 1998 at the landfill, seconded by Mr. Torrence.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Garet K. Bosiger, Chaitman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on
December 12, 1998 at 9:00 A.M. at the Appomattox County Landfill, located on Route
632, Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District