32
are probably some organizations that are funded every year that did not submit a request this year
and will more than likely have to be added. Last year the Board decided not to take on any new
requests. Just fund what had been funded previous years.
Convention and Education - Increase due to several new members to the Board of Zoning
Appeals that need some training in what they are expected to do. All Planning Commission
members, BZA members are encouraged to get the training that is available to them in order to
understand their roles better.
The last item to be discussed was the School System Budget.
The first figures presented were basically what was mandated by the State. This represents the
minimal budget and does not include debt service.
The next are incentive based programs and our part would be $402,394 and they would get an
additional $1,111,000.
There was discussion regarding the various ways the school budget can be approved, total funds
vs category by category. May need some clarification on some of these items.
. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adjourn the workAt 12:20
: TE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick, aye.
mn Monday March 18, 2002 at 6:00 P.M. the Appont StS eduany Soa tise RATIas held a
Special Called Meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court Street,
Appomattox, Va 24522.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Dan Siegel, Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Lee Byrd, Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
At 6:00 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and stated that the meeting was called in accordance
with ยง15.2-1418 of the Code of Virginia and that all members had waived the receiving of
written notice of the meeting. Mr. Carter also stated the need to enter into a closed session for
discussion with legal counsel concerning Courthouse litigation.