70
state and local communities.
PROCLAMATION
Business Appreciation Week 2002
WHEREAS, Appomattox County is please to have a thriving base of business and
industry to support the local economy; and
WHEREAS, these businesses provide essential employment opportunities for the
citizens of Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, these businesses provide local revenues from which the entire local
citizenry benefit; and
WHEREAS, these businesses also make significant contributions in our communities to
promote a variety of activities which increase the quality of life of the area; and
WHEREAS, we recognize and appreciate these businesses;
NOW, THEREFORE, we the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, hereby
recognize our existing businesses, and by virtue of this proclamation give notice to our citizens
that the businesses of Appomattox County are exemplifying this year’s theme of “Tradition and
Innovation: Powering Virginia”,
AND, FURTHER, that the week of May 12 - 18, 2002 is Business Appreciation Week in
Appomattox County.
4. Community Services Board Resolution: Augustine J. Fagan, Executive Director of
Community Services Board has sent a resolution to the Board requesting reauthorization
of the original resolution approved on December 7, 1998.
Mr. Moore is a member of the CSB and gave the Board information regarding this resolution.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to adopt the Resolution with the
Community Services Board as presented.
WHEREAS, Central Virginia Community Services Board is a governmental entity
created pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 10 of Title 37.1 of the Code of Virginia
(Section 37.1-194 et seq.), pursuant to a joint agreement between the Counties of
Amherst, Appomattox, Bedford and Campbell, and the Cities of Bedford and
Lynchburg, in order to provide those jurisdictions with mental health, mental retardation,
and substance abuse services; and
WHEREAS, Section 37.1-197 (11) allows Chapter 10 Boards such as Central Virginia
Community Services Board to obtain loans as authorized by the governing bodies of the