474
WHEREAS, this act provides for the adoption of a resolution by the governing
body of any county requesting the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) to
consider the hardsurfacing of any secondary road meeting the criteria prescribed by this
statute, and
WHEREAS, Route 675 between Route 700 and 1.0 mile west of Route 700 is
included in the current six-year plan for improvements to the secondary system in the
county, and
WHEREAS, this Board has requested VDOT’s Resident Engineer to review this
section of road to determine if it is a viable candidate for hardsurfacing under the
provisions of this statute, and
WHEREAS, the Resident Engineer has determined that this road is eligible for
paving under this statute.
BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby requests that the Department of Transportation hardsurface this road
in accordance with the provisions of Section 33.1-70.1 of the Code of Virginia and the
related policies of that agency.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution be
forwarded to the Resident Engineer of the Virginia Department of Transportation.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
5. Resolution in Support of High Bridge Rails-to-Trails Transportation
Enhancement Grant: Mildred Hampton, County Administrator for Prince
Edward County has written outlining the fact that the Virginia Department of
Conservation and Recreation will be applying for a Transportation Enhancement
Grant to lay the ground work for a proposed Rails-to-Trails project should Norfolk
& Southern abandon the 35 miles of rail line between Burkeville and Pamplin.
The Counties of Appomattox, Prince Edward, Cumberland and Nottoway are
being asked to support this economic stimulus project.
Recommendation is that this resolution be adopted in support of the High Bride
Rails-to-Trails Project
After a short discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve
the following resolution:
Transportation Enhancement Grant
HIGH BRIDGE RAILS-TO-TRAILS
WHEREAS, in accordance with Commonwealth Transportation Board procedures,
resolutions of support from local governments may supplement Transportation Enhancement
Grant applications; and