134
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to enter into a closed meeting in accordance with §2.2-3711A.7of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel and briefings by staffmembers pertaining to litigation, “Commonwealth of Virginia v. Board of Supervisors (courthouselitigation)”, Aubrey R. Padgett, III v. Board of Supervisors (FOIA) and “O’Brien et.al.v. Board ofSupervisors” (biosolids regulations) .
At 7:07 p.m Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to close this meeting in order todiscuss matters exempt under section §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of Virginia, Consultation withlegal counsel. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
At 9:10 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in aclosed meeting under section 2.2-3711A.7, Of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of consultation with legal counsel, Courthouse litigation and biosolids
litigation and the FOIA;
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
Icall the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter stated the Board would continue with ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Action from Closed Session: Mr. Kendrick stated that in light of County prevailing in the
ruling on the cost of the Courthouse litigation the Board should withdraw its appeal.
Therefore, he moves that the County withdraw its appeal of the Courthouse ruling currently
at the Virginia Supreme Court. Mr. Carwile seconded this motion. VOTE: Mr. Hancock,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
2: Courthouse Referendum: It was determined at the June 17" meeting a new courthouse would
be built on Courtland Field and at the last meeting a sample resolution was presented. There
were several questions as to the wording of the referendum. Since a plus or minus figures
cannot be placed on the referendum, is the wording “up to $7,500,000.00" to be listed as the
construction cost.
Mr. Carter stated that since the decision to place this item on the referendum and place the new
courthouse on Courtland Field, many citizens have approached him in regards to not doing this.