539
On Tuesday, May 11, 2004 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Budget Work Session in Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town Office,
located on Linden Street, Appomattox, VA. 24522
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island Supervisor
Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Willie H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter welcomed Ms. Connie Purvis — BREMS: Appomattox County has
not contributed to BREMS in the past. Their operation demands a 25% local
match to stay in business. They are primarily funded by a grant through the
Health Department. The Appomattox EMS has received about $69,000.00 in the
last two years. This year they are anticipating providing another new
ambulance. They provide the UHF communication system that is required by law.
They also provide various types of supplies and equipment as well as operational
insurance which saves the rescue squad about $8,000.00 a year. BREMS
provides local rescue squads with equipment and training they would not be able
to provide on their own. Ms. Purvis is requesting a $1,064.00 donation from the
Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter stated that the Board had not funded any new organizational
donations in the last couple of years due to the limited amount of funds
available.
Ms. Johnson Bowles, Director — Longwood Visual Arts provided the Board
with a handout of their activities. Ms. Bowles gave a brief explanation of how
their museum provides exhibitions and activities to the residents of Appomattox
County as well as the other counties surrounding the Farmville area. Their total
operational budget is $376,968.00. Ms. Bowles is requesting a donation of
$1,000.00 but they would appreciate any support the Board could provide.
Mr. Timothy Shepherd — The ARC — Mr. Shepherd began by explaining to the
Board what type of services they provide. They provide Day Support Services to
individuals with Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities in Central