988
19, 1999 and a special meeting of January 22, 1999 as corrected. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Ms. Sandra Lindsay, VDOT Resident Engineer, to appear
before the Board.
Ms. Lindsay began by explaining that two resolutions had been provided in advance for
the Board to review. Ms. Lindsay then asked if the Board was prepared to adopt these
resolutions?
Mrs. Lindsay explained that one of the resolutions was dealing with closing a section of
Route 627 and the other resolution was dealing with closing a section of Route 604.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Route 627. 0.95 mile South of Route 600, will be reconstructed and the
existing pipe culvert structure will be replaced with a precast concrete bridge.
WHEREAS, the precast concrete bridge will be built on the same location as the old
structure and will require demolition of old structure prior to construction of the precast
concrete bridge.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Board concurs in closing this section
of Route 627 to thru traffic for the construction of the new precast concrete bridge.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, Route 604, 0.25 mile East of Route 646, will be reconstructed and the
existing bridge will be replaced with precast concrete bridge.
WHEREAS, the precast concrete bridge will be built on the same location as the old
structure and will require demolition of old structure prior to construction of the precast
concrete bridge.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Board concurs in closing this
section of Route 604 to thru traffic for the construction of the new concrete bridge.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Ms. Lindsay stated that the resolutions were all the business that she had and asked the
members of the Board if they had anything for her.
Mr. Moore explained that he had followed a VDOT front-end loader down route 26 and
the driver had not pulled over to allow traffic to pass safely.