136
We have received a letter from a concerned citizen containing the guidelines he would like to seeestablished regarding the Public Comment Period at Board Meetings.
Discussion centered around the two proposals and the time limit of five (5) minutes to ten (10)minutes for a total period of thirty (30) minutes. Also to allow persons to sign up just prior to the
meeting.
Mr. Carroll also reported on comments from other localities on how they handle this portion of their
meetings: Campbell County - requires Tequest one week prior to meeting; Charlotte County - can
request same day as meeting, but they do an updated agenda on meeting day; Nelson County has only
one meeting a month and they have a public comment session regarding agenda items before the
agenda and comments on non-agenda items at the end of the agenda.; Bedford County had 15
minutes of citizen comments on agenda items only; Buckingham County - allows 3-4 minutes per
person to speak on issues. Also the reason he proposed the thirty (30) minute speaking time was to
allow people coming to the Board meeting to make their comments to the Board and they can be
prepared to respond. If we have an open ended meeting allowing for other things such as closed
sessions, etc. they may not get to speak until after ten o’clock Most citizens will present issues that
will not be acted upon that night, but will require some research and presented at a later date.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore that the two proposals be blended and a new
proposal be presented at the next meeting. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
5. Central Virginia Community Services: The FY 2003 performance contract with the
Department of Mental Health, Mental Retardation and Substance Abuse has been received. This
contract is essentially the same as in previous years.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the FY2003 performance contract
with the Department of Mental Health, Mental Retardation and Substance Abuse. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
6. Community Park: Three items need action by the Board for further development of the
Community Park to be located on Rt. 613.
a. Bicycle Plan for Appomattox County: An amended bike plan needs to be adopted in
order for VDOT to fund construction of the bike path alongside the community park
service road.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the following resolution as it pertains
to the construction of the bike path alongside the community park service road:
RESOLUTION TO AMEND THE REGIONAL BICYCLE PLAN
AND TO ADOPT AS THE OFFICIAL BICYCLE PLAN
FOR APPOMATTOX COUNTY