130
HRH recommends Trigon $300 for medical and Mutual of Omaha for dental.
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter left the meeting to make a statement regarding the regularly scheduled
Board of Supervisors meeting at the Courthouse.
Mr. Carwile arrived at 6:35 p.m.
Mr. Carter rejoined the meeting at 6:36 p.m.
There was some discussion regarding the cost of the different programs and what had been
budgeted for both full time and part time employees.
Mr. Selz made a motion seconded by Ms. Martin for the School Board to accept the enrollment
feaivanieaite for the Appomattox County Early Retiree healthinsurance plan as follows:
Must have 15 years of service with the Virginia Retirement System at the time of
retirement.
Must have health insurance coverage with the county at the time of retirement.
Eligibility ends at age 65, Medicare eligible, or failure to make payments,
whichever occurs first.
VOTE: Mr. Selz, aye; Ms. Martin, aye; Mr. Rhodenizer, aye; Mr. Pickett, aye and Mr. Mitchell,
aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore for the Board of Supervisors to accept the
recommended motions to implement health insurance program for plan year October 1, 2002 -
September 30, 2003 as follows:
1. Move to approve the enrollment requirement in the Appomattox County Early Retiree
health insurance plan as follows:
: Must have 15 years of service with the Virginia Retirement System at the time of
retirement.
Must have health insurance coverage with the county at the time of retirement.
Eligibility ends at age 65, medical eligible, or failure to make payments,
whichever occurs first.
2; Move to allow currently covered retirees who do not meet the new eligibility standards
for the early retirees group to remain on Appomattox County group for the plan year
October 1, 2002 through September 30, 2003 with the board contribution to be equal to
the approved contribution required by Trigon early retiree eligibility (up to 50% of the
subscriber only premium) for the plan year specified.
3. Move to approve a board contribution of $294.00 per month for each eligible subscriber
effective with the September 2002 payroll.
4. Move to approve Trigon as our carrier for medical insurance and the Trigon Blue Care
300 Stand Alone Plan for the plan year October 1, 2002 through September 30, 2003.