462
AND WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Regional Commission has developed a Legislative
Agenda to express the region’s concerns on these and other issues of importance to the
economic well being of the Commonwealth and it’s localities.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby request that the Governor and General Assembly of the
Commonwealth of Virginia provide due consideration to the concerns expressed by the
Region 2000 Regional Commission and its member localities through its 2004 Legislative
Agenda, this to enhance the fiscal health of the individual localities, Region 2000, and the
Commonwealth of Virginia.
Mr. Craft stated that Paragraph 4 of the Resolution as presented should be removed.
Mr. Conrad stated that in order to avoid a budget crisis at the local level, all needless
programs should be cut.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to adopt the above resolution,
minus paragraph 4 and forward Resolution to Delegate Frank Ruff and Delegate Watkins
Abbitt.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye
votes, 1 absent)
2. Refund on Building Permit: In 2003 Mitchell Homes obtained a building
permit to construct a home with a basement at a cost of $292.54. The plans
have been changed and the basement has been eliminated. Mitchell Homes has
been issued a new building permit for this construction without the basement and
is requesting that the Board refund the cost of the original permit, which has
been voided.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to refund Mitchell Homes
$292.54 for a building permit that has been voided. VOTE: Mr. Armburst, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
3. Tax Exempt Property: Recently the Board has been approached by two (2)
nonprofit entities with requests to become exempt from Appomattox County
taxes. Currently, churches are exempt from County taxes, though some activities
of a given church may not be exempt. Section 58.1-3651 of the Code of Virginia
addresses tax exempt status, including the requirement that a public hearing be
held prior to granting tax exempt status. The Board is asked to consider whether
or not to entertain these tax exempt requests at this time.
It is recommended that the Board refrain from entertaining any requests for tax
exempt status until after the adoption of the FY05 budget.
Mr. Armbrust and Mr. Conrad both agree that we should postpone acting on these
requests until the budget process is complete. Mr. Conrad added that these entities
should understand.