436
Mr. Carwile stated that he had a problem with the way VDOT was tearing up the banks in
wet weather. Mr. Carwile continued that he realized that they were on VDOT right-of-
way but he felt when citizens were keeping in front of their homes maintained, VDOT
should be considerate when they were mowing.
Ms. Lindsay stated that she would talk to Mr. Harvey about this concern.
Mr. Carwile next asked what could be done about the width of the bridge on route 660.
He continued that he had nearly had an accident at this bridge and felt it should be
widened.
Ms. Lindsay stated that this would have to be placed in the six-year plan before anything
could be done about this problem. She continued that bridge replacement was extremely
expensive.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone else had items for Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Moore stated he would like to compliment Ms. Lindsay on the right-of-way mowing
on route 26.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Carter if he had comments for Ms. Lindsay.
Mr. Carter explained that he had received concerns about the width of route 616.
Ms. Lindsay stated this was also an issue that would have to be addressed in the six-year
plan. She did continue that if the edge of the pavement had deteriorated she could repair
this and possibly alleviate some of the problem. Ms. Lindsay assured Mr. Carter that she
would look into this matter.
Being nothing further for Ms. Lindsay, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused her.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Ms. Conrad was not in attendance at the meeting and that
the report on Central Virginia Community Services Board would be carried forward to
another meeting.
Mr. Bosiger then called for Supervisor concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger turned the Boards’ attention to the first Administrative Item,
Census 2000 committee appointment. Mr. Bosiger explained that the U.S. Bureau of the
Census was requesting assistance with the year 2000 census.
A lengthy discussion followed as to the effectiveness of appointing such a committee.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to table this matter for
possible future consideration.