547 |
has reported that approximately 54, 000 acres of farm land has been adversely affected within the
County at an estimated loss of $987,000; and
WHEREAS, it is incumbent upon the County of Appomattox Board of Supervisors of the County
of Appomattox, Virginia, that the County Administrator is hereby instructed to file with the
Governor of Virginia a request that the County of Appomattox be designated as a drought disaster
area.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence that the Drought Declaration Resolution be
adopted as read.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then presented the Board with a request for a resolution of support for the Central
Virginia Training Center.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile that the following resolution be adopted by
the Board.
WHEREAS, the State of Virginia is developing a Community Facilities Master Plan for mental
health, mental retardation and substance abuse service in the state;
WHEREAS, the Central Virginia Training Center is located in Amherst County, which will be
impacted by any decision made as a result of this plan,
WHEREAS, many residents of Amherst County and the surrounding area earn their living working
at the Central Virginia Training Center;
WHEREAS, the services rendered at the Central Virginia Training Center will be needed no matter
what decisions are made with the present facility,
WHEREAS, there is a core of residents of the Central Virginia Training Center that depend on the
services provided by the Central Virginia Training Center and will not be able to live a safe secure
life without the Central Virginia Training Center;
WHEREAS, the parents, brothers and sisters of the residents of the Central Virginia Training
Center cannot adequately provide the services now needed for many of the residents;
NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Mr. Torrence and with the following vote, the Appomattox
County Board of Supervisors does hereby go on record as opposing any change in the current
operation of the Central Virginia Training School and the delivery of services to the residents.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger then asked the Board to take notice of the recent auction results. Mr. Bosiger also
pointed out that a car that had been donated to the sports complex had brought $400. Mr. Bosiger
asked if the Board wanted to create a separate account for sports complex funds and designate this
$400 to this fund.