348
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $480.10 from the Law
Library Fund for the month of January 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board then reviewed a request from the Virginia FFA Foundation for a contribution.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to consider this request at
budget time.
Mr. Bosiger then presented a request from Mr. Jay Marion for permit to collect solid
waste in Appomattox County.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve a permit for Mr. Jay
Marion to collect solid waste in Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request from the Nottoway County Board of Supervisors for
a resolution of support for keeping the Piedmont Geriatric Hospital open.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the proposed state budget for the upcoming biennium does not include
funding for Piedmont Geriatric Hospital past the end of fiscal year 1998-99; and
WHEREAS, Piedmont Geriatric Hospital has a long history of exemplary service to the
citizens of the Commonwealth, many of whom have required the specialized services that
Piedmont alone has and continues to be able to deliver; and,
WHEREAS, Piedmont Geriatric Hospital is a fully functioning hospital serving the
needs of geriatric patients with moderate to severe mental illness by utilizing skilled
medical personnel and state-of-the-art evaluation and diagnostic services and is not
comparable to privately operated nursing homes; and,
WHEREAS, Piedmont Geriatric Hospital, recognized by Virginia’s medical community
as a leader in gero-psychiatric medicine and research, has and continues to serve the
Commonwealth in the training of health care providers that enable geriatric and
psychiatric institutions to better serve citizens across the state and nation; and,
WHEREAS, a recent review by the Joint Commission of Accredited Health Care
Organizations, which is an independent organization, gave Piedmont Geriatric Hospital
an excellent rating in excess of ninety per cent and cited no deficiencies in either patient
care or building suitability; and,
WHEREAS, the Commonwealth has yet to devise a medically superior, more
compassionate alternative to those citizens in need of the unique care that Piedmont
provides.