100
petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning Commission meeting that will
immediate follow the public hearing.
We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner, followed by
comments from individuals to speak for the petition, and finally by individuals speaking
against the petition. As you approach the microphone, please state your name and address
for the record.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Stidham to read the first petition.
Petition 02-504 - Variance to §170-81 of the Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance
pertaining to location of accessory building on lot. Property is located on Rt. 602 between
Rt. 601 and Rt. 626, Tax Map #82(2)3A, and is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for or against this petition.
Hearing on comments, Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing at 7:06 p.m. and called for a short
recess.
At 7:15 p.m. Mr. Carter reopened the Board of Supervisor’s meeting and addressed the next item on
the agenda, a Public Hearing concerning changes to the Biosolids Ordinance (June 2002) as
approved by the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Carter called for comments for or against the proposed changes to the Biosolids Ordinances.
Hearing no comments, Mr. Carter closed the Public Hearing and called for the next item on the
Agenda:
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
2. Courthouse Decision: In accordance with the Court’s decision the Board is required to make
a determination of whether it will pursue building a new or renovated Courthouse before
June 30, 2002.
Mr. Carter has asked Mr. Carroll to present the Board members with several scenarios and literature
to help each member to digest what plans are available.
Mr. Carroll presented several options. These are not necessarily in order of preference.
1. Renovate Courthouse: Temporary housing of offices currently located in the
Courthouse would be needed during renovation. In the plans provided, the
Commonwealth Attorney’s office in the Courthouse would be optional.
2. New Courthouse in Current Location: A gain the same considerations would be
necessary.
3. New Courthouse_on Hunter Property: Can a Courthouse of efficient scope and
attractiveness be located on this lot, given its narrow width and would additional
property have to be acquired to provide a proper setting for the Courthouse .Also