399
Mr. Carwile stated that prior to entering into Closed Session he had some things he
wished to discuss.
- The agenda for the October 20,2003 meeting did not indicate a closed session.
- The Board recessed from the October 20,2003 meeting to a October 21, 2003
meeting at the VDOT Residency Office. At the beginning of this recessed
meeting each Member of the Board was presented with an Amendment to the
County Personnel Policy. The purpose of this recessed meeting was to discuss
the VDOT Six Year Plan. He was completely surprised and thinks this was
completely out of order. This matter was eventually tabled and at the end of
the meeting on October 21* today’s meeting was scheduled. He feels this
issue should never have been discussed at the October 21% meeting with
VDOT.
Mr. Carter addressed the meeting of October 20" stating the closed session was held
because of the immediate problem which needed to be addressed that night. Under the
Code of Virginia, this matter constituted a closed session.
Mr. Carwile was going to address this issue “Personnel Policy” in open session. Closed
session is a privilege and he feels the Board abuses it too many times.
It was Mr. Carter’s understanding that the discussion on the Personnel Policy was in
dealing with a county employee which is covered by closed session. The question ofthe
Personnel Policy was brought up later.
There was a lengthy discussion relating to what should be covered in recessed meeting,
Roberts Rules of Order pertaining to minutes, the definition of “recessed meeting”, etc.
Mr. Overtstreet stated that it is much simpler to recess a meeting because you do not
have to post any notices, etc. If you have a need for a meeting between regular meetings
to discuss an issue that you call a special meeting instead of recessing. Once an issue has
been discussed and you need further discussion, it is proper to recess so long as the
recessed meeting does not go beyond the next regularly scheduled meeting.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone felt that they had in any way violated the Freedom of
Information Act?
Mr. Overstreet stated that he did not feel the Freedom of Information Act had been
violated at any of the meetings he had attended.
At 8:32 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to enter into closed
session for the purpose of discussing a personnel issue under §2.2-3711.A.1 of the Code
of Virginia. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 10:37 a.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,