69
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS on the Agenda.
1. Action from Closed Session: There was no action taken to be discussed.
2. FY03 Budget: After having held several work sessions concerning the budget and having
held its public hearing for the proposed FY03 budget on April 29, 2002, does the Board
wish to make any amendments to the proposed budget? And does the Board wish to adopt
the proposed budget at this meeting?
Mr. Carwile stated he had put a lot of time and consideration on this issue.
Mr. Kendrick stated that as far as the overall budget is concerned, he is satisfied that a great deal
of time and effort went into this. He is not totally satisfied with the area of education. His
greatest concern is the additional funds and what is to be done with them. The County is not
covering about $170,000 in debt service. The County in the past has actually funded the School
above the minimum and got credit for funding at the minimum. He realizes that the School
budget was greater this year and he is satisfied with the bottom line.
Mr. Moore feels the money that is being placed in the Capitol Improvements Fund is necessary.
He feels we need this fund. There should be a minimum of 15% of the yearly budget in this
account to take care of unforseen expenditures. We have this now and should continue to have it.
We never know when Richmond will place a $5/ton fee on the landfill. This was not approved
this year but Mr. Moore feels it will probably come up again next year. He also feels that the
employees of the Sheriff's Department do not make enough but the Compensation Board sets the
raises for them and this year the State is reneging and he does not feel the citizens of the County
should pick up what is lagging from the State itself. The Board is setting a precedent and he
hates to set precedents.
Mr. Hancock has mixed feelings. He is in favor of keeping the tax rate at $.66. He feels that the
farmers and senior citizens of the County cannot afford to have the tax rate set any higher.
Mr. Carter feels no one likes to cut anything from the budget, but the Board is saddled with this.
We have to do what is in the best interest of County and everyone concerned. The biggest
portion of the budget is education. Everyone knows that education is the #1 investment of any
County. There is a fine line in making a sound and solid decision in order to maintain the quality
of life that we are experiencing but we also need to move forward. He endorses the $.66 tax rate
and also the projects that have been included in the budget for FY2003.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the FY2003 Budget as presented.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
3 Business Appreciation Week Proclamation: The Commonwealth of Virginia has declared
the week of May 12 - 18, 2002 to be Business Appreciation Week, a time to emphasize
the importance of our existing employers to the economic and social well-being to our