358
Mr. Selz began by reporting on the status of the Middle School Project. Mr. Selz
explained the addition was complete and the renovation of the old building had begun.
Mr. Selz continued that some of the structural problems they had feared would be
encountered had turned out okay. Mr. Selz then explained that various items had been
deleted from the original contract in order to provide a small contingence fund but as of
this meeting those funds had been depleted with the exception of approximately $1500.00
dollars. Mr. Selz requested guidance from the Board as to how to proceed as other
emergency situations occurred during the remainder of the construction.
After a lengthy discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
authorize a $25,000.00 contingency fund for the Middle School Project, to be spent as
emergencies arise during the course of the project, understanding that if larger
emergencies arise a special meeting can be held within a 2 day time frame. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Dr. Krug then informed the Board of Supervisors that % of the roof at the High School
needed to be replaced immediately. Dr. Krug explained that the % of the roof that was
covering the classroom was the part that was leaking.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Dr. Krug would obtain
bids for the % of the roof that needs immediate attention at the High School and submit to
the Board for review.
A lengthy discussion followed concerning other issues involving the schools.
After discussion and being nothing further for the School Board Mr. Bosiger thanked and
excused the School Board members.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Brad Swanson, Virginia Gas Company was unable to
attend the meeting and that Mrs. Ferguson would explain Mr. Swanson’s request.
Mrs. Ferguson presented a map provided by Virginia Gas Company showing a proposed
compressor station and pipeline route crossing the county. Mrs. Ferguson then explained
that Mr. Swanson had requested a resolution of support for this proposed pipeline.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to adopt the
following resolution supporting the proposed pipeline, contingent upon “taps” being
provided in Appomattox County for industrial development.
WHEREAS, natural gas is a necessary natural resource to communities in Central
Virginia and is prominent in meeting our regions energy needs; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has been informed that
Virginia Gas Pipeline Company proposes to construct, own and operate a natural gas
pipeline to provide service to United Cities Gas Company from the new pipeline for