343
Mr. Carter asked for clarification on the motion regarding Item 1 — Health Insurance
Renewal:
The motion was: “to approve the Anthem renewal for medical insurance for the coming
plan year with the County contribution of $322.92 per employee per month and the
renewal of Mutual of Omaha as the dental insurance carrier for the upcoming year as a
voluntary benefit”. Clarified and approved by consensus of all Board Members present.
Mr. Carter also called for clarification on the motion regarding the improvements to the
Old Jail/Museum. The motion was “that an expenditure of up to $15,00.00 be approved
for cosmetic repairs to the Old Jail/Museum building as dictated by the committee
appointed at the last meeting”. Clarified and approved by consensus of all Board
Members present.
Mr. Carter next called attention to Administrative Items: (item 2)
2. Public Service Authority: Memo enclosed outlining the steps needed to form a
Public Service Authority. The Code of Virginia sections that relate to the creation
and operation of a Public Service Authority are also included for the Board’s
reference. A tthe July 21 meeting the Board requested s taff to determine the
steps necessary to establish a PSA for the purposes of securing a long-term water
source for Appomattox County. If the Board wishes to proceed with the creation
of the authority, staff will prepare the ordinance and advertisement for review.
Mr. Carwile stated he felt the Board needed time to read and digest the Water Study
Report issued by Wiley & Wilson before making any decision on the PSA.
After some discussion, it was decided that this matter would be placed on the agenda for
the September 15", 2003 meeting.
Mr. Carter stated an Item 3 had been added to the Agenda:
3. Classification and Pay Scale for Director of Parks, Recreation & Tourism:
Mr. Carroll gave each Board member a modified description of duties for the
Directors of Parks and Recreation in which the additional duties of the Tourism
Director has been incorporated. Those items underlined are specifically added for
the Tourism Director.
The salary range for the Parks & Recreation Director was established as a Grade
20 - $32,394 to $45,352.
Mr. Carroll is proposing the new position — Director of Parks, Recreation &
Tourism be a Grade 23 with a salary range of $37,921 to $52,809. The Board will
have to establish the new classification and salary range for this position before
any salary adjustment can occur for the greater responsibility of the position.