543
WHEREAS, to successfully develop the Appomattox County Industrial Park road
improvements to Route 26 and an entrance road to the park are required, and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation provides funds for industrial
access and the State Transportation Board has made an allocation of $350,000 for the
purpose of funding the necessary road improvements to initially serve the park, subject to
the location of a VDOT determined qualifying industry on lot 1 and/or 6 of the industrial
park and an irrevocable letter of credit payable to VDOT is required.
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT, at a special meeting held on May 14, 2004
at 2:00 p.m. in the County Administration Building that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors will hereby enter into agreement with the Farmer’s Bank of Appomattox to
extend an irrevocable letter of credit in the amount of $230,000 for the sum of $250, and
authorizes Aileen T. Ferguson, County Administrator and Clerk of the Board, to sign said
agreement on behalf of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
agrees to the terms listed in the letter of credit agreement with Farmer’s Bank of
Appomattox and will in effect borrow any sum drawn on the letter of credit by VDOT in
accordance with the signed agreement of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
and VDOT dated June 28, 1999.
(seal)
Samud€. Cater
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
The County of Appomattox
Resolution of the Board of Supervisors
I, hereby, certify that I am the duly appointed and qualified Clerk of the Board for the
Appomattox County Board of Supervisors and keeper of the records and County seal of
said County and that the following is true and correct copy of a resolution duly passed by
the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County at a special meeting on the 14" day of
May, 2004, where a quorum was present.
Resolution regarding Virginia Department of Transportation
Irrevocable Letter of Credit
In witness, whereof, I have hereunto affixed my name as Aileen T. Ferguson, Clerk of the
Board, and have caused the County seal of said county to be hereto affixed this 14" day
of May, 2004.
(SEAL) n*
Clerk of the Board /\