251
Mr. Stidham stated there was only one petition to be presented tonight.
Petition 03-518 — Vivian R. Seay — Petition to amend Conditional Use Permit for an on-
site advertising sign in the R-2 District. Property is located in the Town of Appomattox
on Court Street, between Bandana Street and Moses Street, Tax Map # 64(A)5-4 EKB1.
Ms. Vivian Seay spoke for the petition. There was a need for a multifaced sign because
of the titling company. She also wants to add three (3) blanks, due to the fact that there is
a CPA office located in the building.
Having no one else to speak for or against this petition, Mr. Stidham closed the Public
Hearing.
At 7:08 p.m. Mr. Stidham stated the Planning Commission would hold their meeting at
the Jamerson Memorial Library following the Public Hearing.
Mr. Carter presented the next item on the agenda.
Kevin O’Brien, Chair and Steve Conner, Vice-Chair of the Planning Commission have
requested to meet with the Board concerning the proposed zoning amendments for
mobile home use as accessory buildings and asa dwelling for elderly/infirmed family
members in the R-1 Residential District.
The Board had expressed some concern regarding both of these amendments when they
were first presented. The Planning Commission has again addressed these issues.
Mr. Carter has some questions regarding the Elderly and Infirmed family members He
understands that over the years this has worked satisfactorily.
Mr. O’Brien stated these are set up as a conditional use and once the condition changes,
the conditional use has not changed. In some cases, these units have been rented out or
otherwise used. The Planning Commission has no way of policing these when the
condition changes. One suggestion had been to have these conditional uses renewed
every two years.
Mr. Conner stated that once these units are in place, owners do not want to remove them.
Mr. Moore states that when people make application for this, it is necessary because the
elderly or infirmed need to be close by those that are responsible for their care. There
should be some rules and regulations to address this. When the situation changes, owners
should be made to realize that regardless of the financial condition, the units have to be
removed. Provisions should be made regarding this when the permit is issued.
Kevin O’Brien stated the only way to do this would be that every two years, come back
and show proof to the Zoning Administrator that the situation has not changed and not
have to go through the public hearing process again.