611
Mrs. Jones provided a handout to the Board with explanation on how the program works.
(Handout on file in the March 1999 Board File).
Mrs. Jones provided an overview of the rental assistance program and answered
questions of the members of the Board.
After a lengthy discussion and by consensus of the Board Mrs. Jones was asked to
provide monthly reports to the Board so the Board could become more familiar with Mrs.
Jones duties.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Jones and called on Mr. Alan Farley to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Farley began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to come and speak to them
about the up coming reenactment. Mr. Farley provided a 1999 Budget for the Re-
enactment for the Board to review. Mr. Farley explained that his basic reasons for
coming before the Board were to ask that the permit fees be waived for the reenactment
and two that the Board make a contribution towards paying for the sound equipment.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to waive the fees
and bond for the entertainment permit and donate $2000.00 to help pay for the sound
equipment for use with the reenactment. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger continued that each member of the Board had been presented
with a copy of the accounts payable edit report for March 1, 1999. Mr. Bosiger
continued that Mrs. Ferguson was requesting Board review and approval of these
disbursements.
After review, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve the
accounts payable edit for March 1, 1999 as submitted. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that there was a request from Mrs. Veda Scott, Tiny Angels
Day Care Center, for use of the Courtland Field for a fundraiser.
After discussion Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to allow Tiny
Angels Day Care the use of the Courtland Field for a fundraiser provided the proper
proof of insurance is provided. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger continued that the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce would also like to
use the Courtland Field to hold a Banjo Jam as a means of raising funds.