540
Virginia. At the present time they have about 100 individuals being served
through the center in Lynchburg. They have expanded their services to include
those individuals with really challenging behavioral and medical issues in
addition to mental retardation. They have a full time nurse and their staff is
trained in behavior management and support. They have a new facility on
Bedford Avenue in Lynchburg and everyone is invited to come by and visit
anytime. Their focus at the present time is training and moving individuals back
into the community. They also provide home support. They have approximately
35 employees who work with 200 families, with about 100 individuals on the day
program which operates from 9:30 a.m. to 2:15 p.m. on weekdays and also 3
Saturdays per month. They recently opened a program in Bedford and would
like to start one in Amherst and Appomattox. They are requesting a donation of
$6,426.00.
Ms. Magda Liska & Ms. Dianne Miller of AWAG - Ms. Liska had with her a
dog that was dropped at the pound last week. It was in poor health and has
been treated by a veterinarian and is now up for adoption. Ms. Liska discussed
the Appomattox County Animal Pound and the recent State Veterinarian’s report.
They have submitted plans for a new shelter and feel the shelter should not be
hidden away in a corner of the County but be prominently located so as to
educate individuals in the community regarding human treatment of animals.
AWAG volunteers are anxious to support a new shelter in every way possible.
AWAG also reminded the Board that they do not have a building to call their own
and urge the Board to consider any space available including housing them
within a new County Pound if the future building were large enough.
The job of the Animal Warden encompasses too much for one individual. AWAG
receives many calls every day, weekends and evenings with most people saying
they have not received a call back from the Department of Animal Control. It is
unreasonable to expect one person to do everything required alone. Ms. Liska
also talked about the euthanizing of animals by injection as opposed to gas,
which is a time consuming process.
Ms. Miller talked about the numerous placements of “Fostered Animals”. She
also gave a report on the number of animals that were helped last year. They
had an ambulance donated by Clayton Bryant which after some repairs will be
used to transport animals to the Vet. AWAG would also like to see the fees for
licenses increased. The Board has been generously donating $2,500 for the past
two years.
Mr. Carter thanked Ms. Liska and Ms. Miller for their report and the service they
give to the County.