397
After further discussion, Mr. Hancock made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to table
this issue. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye, Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
nay; and Mr. Carter, nay. (3 aye votes, 2 nay votes)
2. American Legion Request: The American Legion, Post 104 is requesting to
hold a Veterans Day Ceremony in Courthouse Square on Monday, November 10,
2003.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to allow the American Legion, Post
104 the use of Courthouse Square for a Veteran’s Day Ceremony on Monday, November
10, 2003.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye; (5 aye votes)
3: VDOT Six-Year Plan Discussion: The Board and Staff will meet with the
VDOT staff to discuss funding and improvements to the county’s secondary roads
at this time. This is a planning session. A Public Hearing will be held once the
plan has been revised.
Mr. Carter turned the meeting over to Mr. Don Austin, VDOT Resident Engineer.
A Public Hearing for the VDOT 6-Year Secondary Road System and Unpaved Road
Improvements was scheduled for November 17, 2003 at 7:05 p.m.
Mr. Austin called attention to the draft Secondary System for Appomattox County road
system. There are not a lot of new projects. The County wide allocation was still
$125,000. Mr. Austin discussed the Church Street project. They have made some minor
right-of-way changes to lessen the impact on certain individuals. There is still a while
before this work is done, possibly 2005. There will be some improvement to this road,
but the complete project will be in the future.
A couple of the legs of the Route 608 project have been completed. They propose
splitting this project and doing part of it at a time thereby allowing us to get it done
quicker. The Board by consensus decided to have VDOT split the Rt. 608 project into
two sections.
There was some discussion on other options of rebuilding and improving other roads.
Mr. Austin then discussed the unpaved roads future projects.
Mr. Moore had some question regarding Route 611 between Rt. 666 and Rt. 665. This
road is not much different than when it was used by horse and wagon.
There was also some discussion regarding Route 721 going to Stone Ridge Estates.