487
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors has scheduled a public hearing to solicit input on
the matter on the evening of April 5, 2004; and
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors expects a large turnout at this public hearing
during which citizens for and against the proposed changes may express their opinions;
AND WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors’ normal place of meeting, the Appomattox
Town Office, is deemed to be of insufficient size to accommodate the expected crowd.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby authorize the regular meeting of this Board scheduled for April
5, 2004, to be moved to the Appomattox County High School.
VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye
votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Overstreet informed the Board that he had checked the Code regarding a
referendum on the rifle issue. The Code states that you cannot have a referendum
except when specifically authorized by statues, even if it is an advisory one.
7. Resolution to Abandon Roads: At the last meeting, the Board adopted a
resolution to consider on April 5, 2004, a request by Raymond A. Mirra, Jr., and
Gigi Jordan to abandon portions of State Roads 721 and 671. The applicants
have modified their original request to include the proposed abandonment of an
additional 390 feet. Notice of this notification will have to be printed in the
newspaper for two (2) issues, followed by a thirty (30) day period that will allow
public comments prior to the Board’s consideration. Therefore, in order to meet
the requirements of the Code of Virginia, consideration of this request should be
rescheduled for April 19, 2004.
Recommendation is to adopt the enclosed resolution moving consideration of this
abandonment from April 5 to April 19, 2004.
RESOLUTION TO CONSIDER
ABANDONING PORTIONS OF TWO
APPOMATTOX COUNTY SECONDARY ROADS
Whereas, a petition has been filed by Thomas W. Lawson, Attorney for Raymond A.
Mirra, Jr. and Gigi Jordan, to abandon portions of State Roads 721 and 671 in
Appomattox County; and
Whereas, pursuant to the language of the Code of Virginia, the Appomattox County
Board of Supervisors must duly consider this request of abandonment; and
Whereas, The Code of Virginia requires that a Notice of Abandonment be posted in
three (3) locations along each affected road at least 30 days prior to the Resolution of
the Board abandoning these two roads; and