175
The Region 2000 Regional Commission, representing the 10 local governments in
Central Virginia, request that our legislative representatives incorporate the following
principles into their decision making process as they evaluate, deliberate, and vote on
legislative/budgetary issues that will be presented for consideration in the 2003 General
Assembly session:
e Fully fund State Aid to Localities
e Oppose legislation that would reduce local revenues or diminish local taxing
authority
e Support a comprehensive overhaul of state-local tax structure and service
responsibilities
e Support/preserve local authority to serve their citizens
TAX RESTRUCTURING AND EDUCATION FUNDING
e The Regional Commission strongly supports the continued efforts of the joint
committee to address the issue of tax restructuring in the Commonwealth. The
Regional Commission insists that this issue be made the number one priority of
the 2003 General Assembly session. The Regional Commission does not support
any tax restructuring changes that would restrict or otherwise reduce existing
local taxing authority.
e The Regional Commission supports the recommendation of the joint committee
on tax restructuring for a moratorium on any additional unfunded state mandates.
The Regional Commission also proposes that the state move forward with the
100% funding of current mandated programs such as CSA, VJCCCA, jails, etc.
e The current formula for education funding should be eliminated and replaced with
anew formula that would be based on the cost of education services and at-risk
student levels. The structure of the new formula would acknowledge the cost
differentials across the state and discourage inefficiencies in education spending.
e In addition to existing state aid to localities, the Regional Commission supports
legislation that would allocate a portion of the state income tax to the localities as
net new revenue for their unrestricted use.
TELECOMMUNICATIONS TAXES
The Regional Commission supports the establishment of a dialog between the legislature
and the telecommunications industry and the effects this proposal will have on localities.
The Regional Commission cannot support changes in the tax structure until the joint
study subcommittee under HJR 60 has completed its work and a determination of how
these proposed changes will fold into the overall tax restructuring recommendations.
The Regional Commission does not support tax reforms that will ultimately reduce
revenues to local governments.
SOLID WASTE SURCHARGE
The Regional Commission does not support any attempts to impose a state solid waste
tipping fee or surcharge on localities.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF REGIONAL COOPERATION
The Regional Commission strongly suggests that existing as well as proposed legislation
providing funding for localities gives preference to those localities that develop regional
coalitions. The current funding requirements for localities applying for assistance under
various state programs does not give sufficient weight and preference to those regions
that consistently work together, particularly in the area of economic development. This