468
trouble with 10 and 12 year olds handling guns that can shoot 1-1/2 miles or whatever
distance these projectiles can travel. She also quoted some numbers of hunting
fatalities in the last several years but did not know if these were related to shotguns or
rifles. She also stated that more accidents occur with shotguns because there are a lot
more hunters using shotguns than are rifles. Statistics she received the last time this
issue was debated showed that 44% of rifle incidents result in fatalities while only 4% of
shotgun incidents result in fatalities even though there are more shotguns used. She
does not think we need rifle hunting in Appomattox County. She hopes the Board will
consider this issue on the merits of safety and the wishes of the majority of our citizens
rather than the pleasure derived from hunting by a few.
Ms. Jameson also stated if a public hearing is to be held on this issue, she will be at the
Jamerson Memorial Library next Tuesday, from 4:00 t 4:30 p.m. with petitions for those
who wish to oppose the use of high powered rifled for hunting in Appomattox County.
Mr. Armbrust stated that he has received several letters and phone calls regarding this
issue and he fells it is his duty as a County Supervisor to look at both sides and if he
does not, then he is not doing his duty to the citizens of the county.
Mr. Bill Jamerson, Route 727, Appomattox, VA was next to speak regarding this issue.
Mr. Jamerson said he is opposed to the use of rifles in the county. He also stated he is
disappointed that the Board of Supervisors has brought this up again. He has set where
they are setting and knows they have a much more burdensome responsibility facing
them with the budget and financial issues, and things that are important to all the
citizens of the County. Today, he made three telephone calls and found out you can
purchase hunting licenses at the True Value Hardware, Tolley’s and D. C.*‘s Mini Mart.
There are probably others as well. Out of the three businesses he contacted, they
issued 1,024 hunting licenses in 2003 or less than 8% of the county population of
13,000 plus. You gentlemen can put this to rest tonight or if it goes to referendum,
what you have heard tonight will be nothing compared to what will be heard. There will
newspaper articles, letters to the editors, letters and phone calls to the Board Members.
By nipping this in the bud tonight you will be able to devote your time to the more
important issues facing the county.
Mr. Ernie Lucas came forward, stating he did not sign up to speak but he did wish to
express his views. He is an avid hunter but he does not hunt as much as he did when
he was younger. Statistics he took from the internet a few days ago support the fact
that shotguns are really more dangerous than rifles. Most people who are injured are
injured at close range. With a rifle you have one bullet traveling, where as with a
shotgun you have 18 or more pellets and they can be very dangerous. He is in favor of
using rifles for hunting. Most hunters are very careful.
Mr. Carter asked Ms. Kelly Hitchcock, Region 2000 Regional Commission to
address the Board. Ms. Hitchcock is appearing to discuss the Region 2000 Greenway
and Blueway Plan. The Joint Planning Commission endorsed this Plan in October and
the Board if now being asked to endorse the Plan as well.
Ms. Hitchcock presented everyone with a copy of the Greenway and Blueway Plan.