123
Board consider adopting a resolution to request a disaster declaration for the county as a
result of the drought conditions. Mr. Eberly has included with his recommendation rainfall
records, crop loss estimates and crop yield averages.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution:
DROUGHT RELIEF FOR THE FARMERS OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY
WHEREAS, the drought conditions in the County of Appomattox have severely affected farmers;
and
WHEREAS, during the growing season of this year the C ounty of A ppomattox has received
considerably less rain than normal while experiencing unseasonably high temperatures; and
WHEREAS, the County of Appomattox Food and Agricultural Council, made up of the Farm
Service Agency, the Natural Resource Conservation Service, and Virginia Cooperative Extension,
has reported that approximately 54,000 acres of farm land has been adversely affected within the
County at an estimated loss of $1,877,775.00;
AND WHEREAS, it is incumbent upon the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia,
that the County Administrator is hereby instructed to file with the Governor of Virginia a request that
the County of Appomattox be designated as a drought disaster area.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
2. Courthouse Referendum: A resolution is required to place the construction of the new
courthouse on the Courtland Field property on the November 5 ballot. Passage of the resolution is
the first step. The resolution will then go before the Circuit Court for approval and placement on the
ballot. Cost figures included in the resolution is higher than the actual anticipated cost of the new
courthouse project.
Mr. Carroll stated that the monetary amount should read up to $7,500,000.00. The Code states that
the cost must be included on the referendum for voter approval. Since we are currently under a court
order and we do have a time line, if the project should come in over what we had anticipated, we
could only spend that amount placed on the referendum.
Mr. Carwile has concerns with the way this referendum is presented. He feels that this information
is distorted to the public. The figure was stated to be $6.5 million. He does not feel the dollar figure
should be included as it is misleading to the public and he cannot support this resolution as worded.
We are asking if we can put the new courthouse on Courtland field, therefore we do not need to
include a monetary figure. We should let the people be well informed.
Mr. Carter asked Mr. Carroll to again explain why the monetary figure was higher than the originally
quoted figure.