113
aye.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the INF ORMATIONAL ITEMS:
14, — School Board Monthly Financial Report: August financial report for the school.15. | Town of Appomattox: Agenda for Town Council meeting of June 25, 2002.16. The Smarter Region Newsletter: July issue enclosed.
17. Budget Thank You Notes: Notes of Thanks for funding in the FY 03 budget received fromSTEPS Inc. and the Appomattox Youth Sports.
18. Letter from Secretary of Transportation: Letter from Secretary Clement regarding VDOT’s
program.
Mr. Carter stated that Mr. Carwile had Tequested to speak to the Board prior to discussion onSupervisors’s Concerns.
Mr. Carwile stated that on May 13, VACo issued a memorandum to C ounty A dministratorsthroughout the state regarding legislative proposals. On June 17, the Board of Supervisors acceptedMr. Carroll’s response to VACo’s request for its legislative agenda. At that time he had not fullyread the draft. After completely reading the draft he is not satisfied with some of the wording andfeels strongly that the Board rescind it’s June 17" vote on this agenda. He would like to see us use alittle more diplomacy but still get our point across. He will individually rescind his vote of support.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to rescind the entire VACo LegislativeAgenda passed on June 17, 2002.
Mr. Carter called for discussion on the above motion,
Mr. Carter stated he had read the response and thought the language had merit. He feels it wouldgather the necessary attention of the representatives in Richmond to look at it intently and honestly.He agrees with what was sent to VACo.
Mr. Moore stated he would be willing to look at it again. However, he is not willing to rescind it atthe present time.
Mr. Hancock feels the Board should look at this agenda again.
Mr. Kendrick doesn’t have a problem with looking at it again. He agrees with VACO. He doeshowever believe that there is something structurally wrong with the process in getting courthousesbuilt. He has never seen a system that does not have a check and balance. This is evidence with whatwe have been through for the last couple of years, every thing we have tried to do regarding thecourthouse, the judge changed. The only way to keep this from happening again is to have anorganization behind us to make these changes.
Mr. Carwile still feels we need to use more diplomacy and achieve the same thing in a better way.