596
without permission and that they should stay off areas that are marked
off. They were very unhappy with this notice.
32. Town of Appomattox: Agenda for the June 22, 2004 Town Council
meeting.
33. School Board Monthly Financial Report: Financial report for the
month of June 2004.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns: No one had anything to bring
before the Board at this time.
Mr. Carter called Mr. Wayne Phelps to address the Board. Mr. Phelps has
asked to meet with you to report on the June 2004 reenactment and to ask for
financial support for the 2005 reenactment.
Mr. Phelps stated that the Historical Society is very appreciative of Mr. Frank
Brina taking pictures of the reenactments and other events. A gentleman from
North Carolina has made a map of the area for them. The reenactment went
well, the weather was really nice. There were about 5,000 or 6,000 spectators
in attendance. Mr. Phelps then introduced Mr. Kenny Rowlette.
Mr. Rowlette began by saying that there were about 700 re-enactors present at
the June event. The people spent money at gas stations, eating places, etc.
They will also be making some donations to local groups that helped them out,
and the Appomattox High School Boosters Club who they feel had a very
profitable weekend. In this manner they feel they helped the County and the
Town out financially. They are in the process of organizing formally and coming
up with a new name, so if you see another name for this committee in the
future, do not be confused by it. They are incorporating all of those groups who
help into one organization. They did elect officers: Mr. Rowlette, Chairman;
Penny Taylor, Vice-Chair; Chris Simpson, Treasurer; Valarie Garrett, Secretary;
and Wayne Phelps, Site Manager.
They had hoped to be able to work with the Historical Park in doing the
surrender next year. However, they just could not get together with the Park
regarding their rules and regulations. They decided to have the entire program
at the IDA property. He handed out an outline of the proposed events. This will
be a three day event, probably the largest event of next year. He teaches at
Liberty University, one of the sponsors of this event. In March they will have a
seminar and they will advertise this re-enactment event. They are planning
events that would draw people into town and the surrounding business areas.
They are also expecting about 1000 Federal Re-enactors along with 2000
Confederate Re-enactors. They are asking the Board to invest in this event with
a possible donation of about $5,000 for 2005 event. Also they feel they made a
profit on this last event - $6,572.00 with 95% of the bills having already been
paid.