509.
Mr. Bosiger called the work session to order at 7:33 p.m. and welcomed the members of
the Courthouse Committee and citizens in attendance. Mr. Bosiger continued by
explaining that this was a work session for the Board of Supervisors to hear the details of
the two options being presented to meet the needs of the courts and that citizen input
would not be allowed at this work session. Mr. Bosiger stated that after the Board of
Supervisors had an opportunity to review the proposals in detail there would be
opportunities for citizens to express their views on this matter.
Mr. Bosiger then asked Mr. Hal Craddock to begin his presentation.
Mr. Craddock gave a very informative presentation to the Board, and answered questions
of the members of the Board and the Courthouse Committee.
General discussion followed with the members of the Board of Supervisors expressing
their views on the two options presented.
After discussion and by consensus of the Board it was agreed that Mr. Craddock would
provide information on the cost to renovate the present Courthouse to meet minimum
ADA requirements and look at ideas for the use of the existing buildings, if new
construction was the option chosen for meeting the needs of the courts.
Mr. Bosiger stated that it would take from 3 to 6 months to get to the stage that a public
hearing would be in order for the Courthouse project.
Mrs. Ferguson was asked to check on financing options for the Courthouse project in the
amount of 3 to 5 million dollars.
Mr. Craddock was then asked to review with the members of the Board the recommended
addition and renovations to the Sheriff’s Office.
Questions and comments followed.
Being nothing further for Mr. Craddock and the Courthouse Committee, they were
thanked and excused.
Mr. Bosiger then stated that it was necessary for an executive session to discuss a legal
matter.
At 9:10 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Torrence it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Torrence at 9:12 P.M. seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.