435
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to continue with the meetings on
the first and third Monday of each month at 6:30 pm. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Overstreet raised the question of inclement weather causing the meeting to be held at
a later date and time.
Mr. Carter next asked the Board to adopt the rules for conducting the meetings. T he
Board has in the past used Robert’s Rules of Order, Newly Revised, as interpreted by the
Chair. Also included was an alternative set of rules designed for small boards and
committees.
Mr. Conrad asked if Mr. Carter was comfortable with using Roberts Rules of Order and
what would be the benefits of using the small business rules.
Mr. Overstreet stated there were some changes to be made to the printout of rules for
small boards as presented. He then stated that these rules of order were much simpler
than Robert’s; however, it may be better for the Board to stay with Robert’s for the
upcoming year.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt R obert’s Rules of Order,
Newly Revised, for conducting the meeting for the upcoming year. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called for Citizen’s Public Comments and asked if anyone wished to
address the Board.
Mrs. Ora McCoy came forward. She wished to address the issue of a possible contract to
provide service to the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors as the Director and
Coordinator of Grants, Awards and Funding for the Carver-Price Educational Complex.
When she presented a proposed contract to Mr. Carter, Chairman of the Board, she was
unaware of the bid process. Due to the critical timeframe to submit a grant application
Mr. Carter suggested that such a proposal be presented. They were acting on a timeframe
dictated by the Save American Heritage Grant process. She informed Mr. Carter that the
first phase of the grant process would begin January 1, 2004 and end March, 2004.
$33,779,000 was awarded from this fund in 2003 for such projects. She also informed
Mr. Carter that all plans for the project need not be in place to begin this grant process,
only a commitment to the project. Her preface was to take action and move forward on
behalf of the County to solicit funds for Appomattox County and bring this project to
fruition. According to Ms. McCoy, we are wasting valuable time and need to move
forward. Also this would be an investment, not a burden to the taxpayers because
administration costs are built into the grant application. Cost was not a factor when
Commonwealth Advance from Covington was hired to conduct a survey and paid around
$30,000. She was not aware of that particular survey being advertised for bids nor do we
have anything to show for that service.