252
Mr. Conner suggested that a three (3) year bond be posted to cover the cost of moving the
units once the Conditional Use is no longer valid.
Mr. Carter feels we need to develop a plan that would provide a way for individuals to be
taken care of at home rather then being placed in an assisted living facility/nursing home
which can be quite an expensive alternative.
Mr. Carwile supports Mr. Carter’s remarks. He is surprised that this was returned by the
Planning Commission without a recommendation for change. This is something that
means a lot to quite a number of our citizens as it alleviates some the burden on caring for
their parents, infirmed children, etc. He feels that together the Planning Commission and
the Board should be able to come up with a solution to handle this without saying “NO”,
you cannot do this. He feels there should be a time frame after the use change, for the
removal of these units.
Mr. O’Brien addressed the problem with Accessory Buildings in R-1. Many people are
leaving trailers on site and letting them become eyesores. The Planning Commission is
trying to implement zoning to clean up the County. They are not trying to restrict mobile
home from being used as living quarters, but they are trying to eliminate those that are
being neglected and allowed to rust and rot away and not being taken care of.
Mr. Kendrick agrees with what Mr. O’Brien is saying. There are a number of mobile
home on his road that are just parked. This is apparent all over the county. Also there are
places where lawns are not being taken care of as well. There should be an ordinance in
place that upon notification, the owner has a certain amount of time to clean up and if
not, the County will have it cleaned up and the owner will be presented with the bill.
These individuals are not being considerate of their neighbors or the County as a whole,
by degrading properties.
Mr.O’Brien said the Planning Commission is trying to draft an ordinance that helps get
rid of these areas, but not implementing the entire State ordinance.
Mr. Kendrick feels there is a definite difference between someone living at home and
someone making a junkyard out of their premises. These should be easily recognized and
easily covered in some form or another.
After more discussion, the Planning Commission will review the ordinance and discuss
eliminating the mobile home to be used as accessory building in all districts.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. O’Brien and Mr. Conner for their efforts.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Steve Lawson to address the Board.