629
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Ms. Monica Martin came forward and gave her address as 177 Station Lane, Concord,
Virginia. Ms. Martin began by saying that she wanted the Board to consider several
things in making their decision:
1) The Board should be committed to protecting A-1, R-1, and R-2 districts,
2) The Board should place themselves in the adjacent landowners position,
3) Zoning laws were meant’ to protect.
In closing Ms. Martin stated that in November when this first started the matter was not
personal but now it was.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Gary Martin came forward and gave his address as 177 Station Lane, Concord,
Virignia. Mr. Martin asked the Board to consider several things. First the cellular tower
that had been previously mentioned does not move or make noise. He continued that he
was tired of tractor-trailer traffic in the middle of the night. He continued that he had to
fix his yard several times after tractor-trailers had gotten over in it trying to avoid other
traffic. Mr. Martin stated that the drivers were not courteous. Mr. Martin asked what if
he had an operation near the Concord Community and one day just moved in a restricted
business? How would he be treated? Mr. Martin informed the Board that Crewe had just
passed an ordinance restricting commercial vehicles parking in residential areas. Mr.
Martin asked the Board to consider what if it was in their front yard? What if it was
waking their baby up in the middle of the night?, and What if they were having to fix
their yards because of tractor trailers running off the road? In closing Mr. Martin told the
Board not to be bullied into doing the wrong thing.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. John Fenimore came forward and gave his address as 336 Staford Road, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Fenimore stated that he was against the rezoning but he was not at the
meeting to raise any problems.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Caldwell to read the last petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-371 of Horst & Helgard Zachau for a conditional
use permit to allow additional dwelling on single parcel in A-1 zoning district. Property
is Tax Map No 87-A-101 and is located on Route 604 between Route 645 and Route 679.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Mr. Horst Zachau came forward and gave his address Route 1 Box 196, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Zachau asked the Board to please approve his conditional use request.