97
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does guarantee a minimum of fifty(50) foot right-
of-way with additional widths as may be necessary for cuts, fills, and drainage, together with
easements for drainage on adjacent properties.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Moore,
aye.
Mr. Carter next called for a motion to adopt the resolution regarding the Secondary Road Six Year
Plan.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to adopt the following resolution regarding
the Secondary Road Six Year Plan:
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County and the Virginia Department of
Transportation held a public hearing on December 3, 2001, in accordance to §33.1-70.01 of the Code
of Virginia at which the proposed Six Year Plan for Secondary Road Improvements for 2002-03
through 2007-08 was presented by D. L. Austin, Resident Engineer for the Virginia Department of
Transportation.
WHEREAS, the proposed list for the 2002-03 Secondary Road Construction Budget was also
presented for consideration.
BE IT RESOLVED, that the Secondary Road Improvement Six Year Plan for 2002-03 through
2007-08 is hereby approved.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the priority list for the 2002-03 Secondary Road Construction
Budget is hereby approved.
VOTE: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Kendrick,
aye.
Mr. Carter then called Mr. Brett Thompson and Ms. Tina Le’Valley to address the Board.
Mr. Thompson began by introducing Ms. Le’Valley, the new Executive/Tourism Director for the
Appomattox Chamber of Commerce who began her duties on May 20, 2002. Already he has seen
indications of lots of enthusiasm from the community and she brings a lot of experience into the
position. He feels the Board will find Ms. Le’Valley very pleasant and easy to work with.
Ms. Le’ Valley briefed the Board on her background. She has had eight (8) years of Broadcasting, and
two (2) years with the program “Marriage before the Carriage”.
She feel tourism is a long term goal. She is still working on getting familiar with Chamber of
Commerce members and sponsorships. A lot remains to be done with the Visitors Center as well as
the Chamber Office. She is also working on some ideas for fund raising and recruiting additional
volunteers for the Chamber Office as well as the Visitors Center, as volunteers are vital to both of