359
United Cities Gas Company’s customers in Wytheville, Marion, Pulaski, Dublin and
Radford; and
WHEREAS, Appomattox County engages in an ongoing process of developing industrial
sites, recruiting new industry and working with existing industry as a way to increase its
economic base; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognize that the availability
of reliable, long-term natural gas supply enhances the expansion of economic
development in the Central Virginia area; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors understands that the Virginia
Gas Pipeline Company will provide Appomattox County with a “tap(s)” for industrial
uses and other purposes.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors, meeting in regular session on this 2" day of February, 1998, would like to
go on record as being in support of the proposed Application for Certification of this
natural gas pipeline by Virginia Gas Pipeline Company and does hereby request that the
Virginia State Corporation Commission approve the application by Virginia Gas Pipeline
Company to construct, own and operate the natural gas pipeline. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next called for Supervisor concerns.
Mr. Bosiger explained that a request had been received from Charlotte County that Route
638 be named Wheeler Springs Road due to Charlotte County’s 911.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to table this matter until a
later date.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded the other members of several upcoming activities.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that due to information received since the January 20, 1998
meeting we were advised NOT to participate in advertising rabies clinics.
Mr. Bosiger next brought up for discussion the matter of rules of order for the Board
meetings.
Mr. Torrence provided another booklet on parliamentary procedure for the Boards
consideration.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that a replacement was needed on the Courthouse Committee,
for Mr. Paulette.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence nominated Mr. Carwile to serve on the Courthouse
Committee. Mr. Carter seconded the nomination.