312
all aluminum trim from existing windows and cornices. Repair and Paint existing wood
trim and cornices; 4) Repair Cupola; 5) Replace all Shutters to match new building; 6)
Repair stone column base; 7) Replace part of front walk to eliminate 4” riser at bottom
step. In addition, remove the raised floor, paint, replace lighting and make repairs to the
Old Jail. Also to present a petition to the judge for these changes to the Court Order.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye, and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent)
Ms. Williams thanked the Board for their time and cooperation.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Wayne Phelps, President — Historical Society to address the
Board in regards to the reenactment sponsored by the Chamber of Commerce and
scheduled for September.
Mr. Phelps stated he had already started work on the inside of the Old Jail.
Mr. Phelps distributed some information regarding the history of the Virginia Militia.
The reenactment is in a little trouble. They need $8,000 by the end of the month in order
to proceed with this; otherwise they may have to abandon these plans.
Mr. Kenny Rollet, a history teacher at Lynchburg College has taken over the planning for
the reenactment. They have between 700 -800 soldiers already signed up, but would like
to see around 1200, which is possible.
They have set up an account with the Farmers Bank, headed up by Ms. Penny Taylor to
handle all the financial obligations of the reenactment. Mr. Phelps is requesting a $5,000
donation from the Board. The Chamber of Commerce was supposed to raise these funds
but did not do so.
Also the Sons of the Confederate Veterans, the United Daughters of Confederacy, and the
Historical Society support the Board’s plans for tourism and the appointment of Ms.
Anne Dixon as Tourism Director.
Mr. Phelps thanks the Board for their consideration.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to fund the $5,000 necessary to
continue plans for the reenactment. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next called for the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1 — 5)
1. FY04 Budget Appropriation Resolution: Resolution necessary to appropriate
fund for FY04.