574
Ms. Ferguson stated that she is still campaigning for the brick wall to be placed
in front of the panel of meters near the entrance to the Courthouse. She has
been given a rough estimate of $2,500.00 for construction of this wall. The
bulletin board could then be placed on this wall as opposed to being placed on
posts. Mr. Conrad is in agreement with her that this is unsightly and should be
covered in some way. The Board agreed to have this wall put in place.
Mr. Carter said he had been approached by a county employee regarding the
deterioration of the sidewalk near the entrance to the Treasurer’s/Commissioner
of Revenue’s Office. This seems to be a safety hazard.
Ms. Ferguson stated that there are several safety hazards in and around the
Courthouse. Basically all the old sidewalks are in terrible shape and should be
taken up and redone. The steps leading from the upper lever to the parking lot
at the Administration Building are also deteriorating. She would like to have
these taken up completely. She is also suggesting that the sidewalk at the
Treasurer's Office be taken up and the area seeded with grass.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the construction
of the brick wall in front of the meter panel and the removal of the sidewalk at
the Treasurer’s Office. VOTE: Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter next presented the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 18-23)
18. Animal Control: Review of latest inspection report for the pound.
19. Department of Health: Information on application modification of
stabilized sewage sludge in the county.
20. School Board Financial Report: Financial Report for the Month of May
2004.
21. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes of the
Board of Directors meeting on April 22, 2004.
22. Appomattox Town Council: Agenda for meeting on May 25, 2004.
23. Letter from Concerned Citizen: Letter from Mrs. Russell B. McCormick
concerning the proposed 460 water line project.
Upcoming meetings
June 21, 2004
Regular Meeting of the Board
And Joint Public Hearing on the Proposed Solid Waste Plan
Town Council Chambers — Town Office
6:30 p.m.