464
Transfer of Funds:
7. Comprehensive Services Act: Please approve the following transfer of
$455.00 from Comprehensive Service Fund to General Operating Fund.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the Consent Agenda as
presented. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Craft,
aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Craft next discussed the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS: (Items 8 — 12)
8. Appomattox Town Council Agenda: Agenda for Town Council meeting and
workshop held on January 27, 2004.
9. Letter from Michael W. Smith concerning Commonwealth’ appointees to
Courthouse Furnishing Committee: Letter notifying the Board of the
Commonwealth's appointees to the committee assigned to select furnishings for
the new Courthouse.
10. Letter from County Attorney J. G. Overstreet: Letter advising that he will
not be able to attend the regular meeting on March 15, 2004.
11. Robert E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District: Minutes from the Robert
E. Lee Soil & Water Conservation District Board of Directors Meeting.
12. NESBE Cable: Letter from Danny Jobe, Vice President/General Manager
announcing new channels that have been added to the Expanded Basic and
Digital Basics lineups and also explaining an increase in rates effective as of
March.
Mr. Craft next called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Conrad stated he had received a letter from a citizen in the Falling River District
requesting the citizens of Appomattox County be given the option of using rifles with
greater then .22 caliber during the General Hunting Season commencing 2004-2005
Hunting Season. It is his understanding that this has to be acted upon prior to May 1% in
order to be effective in the next hunting season.
Mr. Armburst has also received letters regarding this subject. The Evergreen Hunt Club
with 35 members and the Agee Hunt Club with 100 members are also asking that the
County re-visit this issue.
Mr. Overstreet stated a public hearing would be necessary for the County to adopt an
ordinance to this effect.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to place the Rifle Ordinance on
the agenda for the next meeting. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Craft, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent).
Mr. Conrad also discussed people rummaging through the dumpsters, pulling things out
and not putting them back. They may be looking for things they feel are valuable and
they may also be looking for Social Security numbers and such. This is against the Law.
He does not feel these are being policed as they should. He feels Ms. Rockefeller is more
aware of what has to be done to resolve this problem than the others present. Mr.