26
it certainly hurts any department.
There was some discussion regarding the cost of training a new officer. There is a 20 week
training course and it takes approximately 2 years for an officer to become proficient.
The Board thanked Sheriff Staples for his informative information and the work he has put into
gathering this information.
Sheriff Staples next discussed the need for some new communication equipment. Most of his
radio equipment is 12 to 15 years old and he is unable to contact other surrounding localities. He
is not asking the Board to look at his request separately from the E911 equipment, but he does
need some up to date equipment for his department.
The Board thanked Sheriff Staples for addressing the Board regarding his budget requests.
The next person to appear before the Board was Ms. Janet Belter - Treasurer.
Mrs. Belter is not really asking for any increases to her budget. She is here in case the Board has
any questions.
Mr. Carwile had a question regarding the number of persons owing back real estate taxes.
Mrs. Belter stated that there are approximately 130 individuals who are behind in their taxes.
At 8:20 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 8:25 p.m. the Board resumed budget hearings with Mr. Carter calling for the representatives
of Camp Virginia Jaycees to present their request.
William Robertson and Everett Werness came forward. Mr. Robertson stated they were pleased
to be present and gave a brief statement of how he became involved with this organization
serving retarded citizens within the Commonwealth, giving them the opportunity to attend camp
and participate in activities the same as other children. They started out raising money by selling
15 cent jars of apple jelly for $1.00. They had set March 2, 1969 as “Apple Jelly Sunday” to raise
$45,000. They did not raise $45,000 that Sunday, they raised $68,000 and Camp Virginia
Jaycees was born - 90 acres of the most beautiful land you would want to see in Bedford County.
Since 1971 they have served more than 32,000 individuals from the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Mr. Werness gave a brief report on how the monies raised would be used. He also introduced
Ms. Jessica Mason from the Appomattox Group Home. Ms. Mason stated that one of the
favorite things their residents like to do, is attend camp each year. Ms. Mason in turn introduced
one of the residents who attends camp and he explained why he loves going to this camp.
Mr. Robertson concluded by stating that they would like the Board to contribute $5,000.00 to
their organization.