576
Discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to rescind action
taken at the December 7, 1998 meeting concerning picking up and holding dogs that had
bitten people. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Torrence asked if Mrs. Ferguson would report the number of dog bites that occurred
over the next twelve months in order for the Board to keep abreast of this situation.
Mr. Bosiger called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Bosiger then explained that he would like to start off by asking the other members of
the Board for guidance in how to handle the issue of a citizen getting out of hand in a
meeting.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt that Mr. Bosiger handled those situations well. Mr. Carter
continued that he felt that you had adults dealing with adults and making adult decisions
that they should act like adults out of respect. Mr. Carter stated that he felt that if
something out of the ordinary occurred the Chairman should have the ability to address
that issue and if the Chair could not solve the issue the person should be removed.
Mr. Torrence stated that he did not want to embarrass anyone in public. He continued
that he felt that a brief recess might be in order to decide the appropriate action. Mr.
Torrence stated that he would hate to leave this decision entirely with the Chair.
Mr. Carwile stated that he felt that it should be a standing order that at anytime whoever
was Chairing or whoever was the moderator of the business or moderating the affair that
if there are those that are disruptive to the point that it is disrupting the meeting he thinks
that it would be standing order just to recess after calling for quiet, peace, calmness if it
did not stop, then he feels that it would be in order to recess temporarily and see if that
would stop the problem. Mr. Carwile continued that certainly, in the seven years that he
had served on the Board, they had never been faced with a problem of this nature. Mr.
Carwile stated that he understood Mr. Bosigers’ concern. Mr. Carwile in closing stated
that he hoped they would never be faced with this problem.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt that it was his job to see that everyone got the opportunity
to speak, pro or con, and that they should not get disrupted and that they should be able to
talk without having to shout. Mr. Bosiger continued that he felt there was impartiality
that the Board had to maintain to give every citizen a like opportunity.
Mr. Carwile stated that he feels strongly that a citizen, taxpayer had the right to speak
before the Board, and that if it meant the Board would have to stay there until whatever
hour of the night for all to be heard, or recess to another meeting, he felt that the Board
owed it to the citizens to give them ample time to speak and get their points across. He
continued that he believed that the Board should listen to anyone that wanted to speak to.