445
favor of the project but they also say they are enjoying a moderate tax rate. Mr. Carwile
continued that he was concerned that no risk assessment had been presented on this
project. Mr. Carwile stated that the people who had spoken with him did not know what
a risk assessment was, but the people who put the project together did, and still none was
done. Mr. Carwile continued that he was concerned with unknown cost that could arise
from this project. Mr. Carwile continued that they wanted to do the right thing and that
this was a decision that he had spent a lot of time on and he wanted to make sure that the
Board did the right thing. Mr. Carwile stated that in the infancy of the project he was
supportive of the concept and supportive of the members of the I.D.A. He stated he
praised the I.D.A. for their efforts. Mr. Carwile stated he felt the I.D.A. had done an
excellent job, more than he would have expected. He continued he had no quarrel with
the work they had done, he only had a quarrel when it came down to deep thinking. He
referred to a speaker from the public comment session who caught his attention by
pointing out that the Board needed to be cautious because of all of the unknowns and he
even went so far as to say the County could bankrupt. Mr. Carwile then reminded the
other members of the Board of the County indebtedness. Mr. Carwile continued with
reasons that he felt to be compelled to oppose this project. Mr. Carwile reminded the
other members of the Board of the other projects that were facing the Board within the
next few years which he felt would add up to 15 to 20 million dollars, added to the
County’s present debt. Mr. Carwile then questioned where the money would come from
to pay this debt other than real estate taxes. Mr. Carwile cautioned that when the real
estate taxes got out of hand he didn’t feel the citizens would have the same feelings
toward the Board or the County. He felt citizens here were going to have to follow the
example of their counterparts in northern States and move due to higher taxes. Mr.
Carwile stated the Board had prioritized future projects in the order of importance and
felt that they were taking this project on hoping, with projections unknown, that revenue
would be generated. Mr. Carwile stated he did not think this was going to happen. Mr.
Carwile continued by pointing the Board’s attention to several other localities that had
tried industrial sites and had failed. Mr. Carwile was also concerned with the impact on
the infrastructure in the county. Mr. Carwile felt that as soon as any structure was located
in the industrial park the local volunteer fire department was going to say number 1|-they
were not equipped to handle it and number 2-“you, the governing body, of this County
moved the County from “home folks” to an industrialized community,” and they were
going to expect the County to pay them salaries. Mr. Carwile urged the other members of
the Board to not feel that he was negative on this matter. He continued that from the
infancy he had understood that the I.D.A. would put this in place and generate revenue to
pay for this project. He was surprised to find that this did not work as he had been led to
believe. Mr. Carwile stated that the County would purchase the land and then deed it to
the I.D.A. Mr. Carwile continued that it puts you into the position again where the
governing body has no control unless it bottoms up. Mr. Carwile stated that he was
opposed to a recreational facility on this site due to problems for the neighbors and also
due to the fact that the .D.A. would control this facility. Mr. Carwile stated that this puts
us in a situation that we are now in with the schools. Mr. Carwile stated that he and the
Board were all in favor of good healthy recreation but he did not feel that this should be
apart of the proposed industrial park because there would be too many people involved in
it’s control. Mr. Carwile stated he questioned if the Board was doing the right thing. Mr.