9
attempted to help anyone who was interested in operating restaurants or hotels in the area?
Mr. Thompson stated that they send brochures to hotels only by request. They do have some
brochures in hotels in the Lynchburg and Farmville areas. They focus their efforts on Visitors
Centers, sending out approximately 50,000 a year. The problems areas seem to be in developing
tourist attractions in the County and do more to advertise. They have written to restaurant chains
encouraging them to come in. A couple of them came in and did a study but were not interested
due to the low volume of customers. He has spoken to some local establishments regarding
being open on weekends. They may develop a system whereby some are open on a rotating
basis.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Thompson for his presentation.
Mr. Carter next called attention to the Administration Items: (Items 1-7)
2: Welcome Signs: The Board has received comments from citizens at its last meeting
concerning their wishes for the County’s welcome signs. How does the board wish to
proceed with regard to this matter?
Mr. Carwile stated he had taken time to go out and look at some of these signs. He did not find
the signs to be in a deteriorated state. He found them to be very solid. The only comments he
could make would be that the indented lettering needs to be re-touched. They all need a little
cosmetic touch-up. Neither the board or the posts need to be replaced. They could be enhanced
by putting a little shrubbery around and cleaning up of the area. He also stated he appreciated the
input from the citizens regarding the old signs.
Mr. Moore had been out and taken some pictures of the signs located at the Buckingham line on
Route 24 and at the Pamplin Exxon on Route 460 east. He feels the sign at the Pamplin Exxon is
in a bad location due to all the parked vehicles and the services station in the background. The
one on Route 24 at Bent Creek is in pretty good shape. He would like to take on the
responsibility of refurbishing this one himself.
Mr Kendrick had also been out and assessed some of the signs. He also feels the sign on Route
460 east at the Pamplin Exxon is in a bad location. He had gone to the Appomattox/Prince
Edward County line looking for this sign. There is no sign on Route 60 east at the Nelson
County line at Bent Creek. The signs definitely need to be refurbished and painted.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to keep the signs exactly the same as they
are with shrubbery added and a fund being established for maintaining these signs.
Discussion followed with Mr. Kendrick asking if the Tobacco Indeminety Grant money being