386
Ms. Robertson closed by stating they have already begun collection of artifacts and other
memorabilia to be placed in the Carver-Price Legacy Museum.
Mr.Carter next called upon Ms. Anne Dixon, Director of Parks, Recreation and
Tourism: Ms. Dixon is to provide the Board with an update on the tourism activities that
have been undertaken in recent months. Ms. Dixon will also request that the Board adopt
the Tourism Development and Marketing Plan at this meeting.
Ms. Dixon stated she has had an overwhelming response from the public regarding the
tourism program. She gets calls weekly from people who have moved here from other
places regarding the things we have to offer. Ms. Dixon reported on some of the projects
that have been worked on recently. They have just finished stuffing approximately 100
packets containing a letter to tour operators and brochures on the parks, Bed &
Breakfasts, Shops located downtown, campgrounds, and other places of interest. She is
also working on updating the directory at the Courthouse Square with a map showing
where everything is located. There will also be a brochure rack located in the Downtown
Visitor’s Center to display brochures strictly pertaining to Appomattox County. She also
discussed other projects that they are working on at this time.
Ms. Dixon updated the Board on the Recreational Park development. They have received
some donations toward development of this park.
Mr. Carter called attention to the Tourism Development and Marketing Plan developed
by Ms. Dixon. The Board needs to adopt this plan.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the Tourism
Development and Marketing Plan as presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
At 7:05 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
At 7: 12 p.m. Mr. Carter re-opened the meeting and called for a Joint Public Hearing with
the Planning Commission:
PRESENT: (PLANNING COMMISSION)
Kevin O’Brien, Chairman
Al Sears , Vice-Chairman
Calvin Tanner
Jerry Hughes
Steve Conner
Robert Johnson
Susan Hudson
Marvin H. Mitchell
Jim Sefter
John Wilson
Mr. Carter then read the following statement: