309
hire an Office Assistant in the Parks/Recreation/Tourism Department. Mr.
Carwile seconded this motion. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. More, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
At 9:20 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to enter into a
closed session as per §2.2-3711(A) (1) of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussion of personnel matters and §2.2-3711(A) (7) consultation with legal
counsel, via telephone. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
At 9:30 p.m. Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to return to
regular session. VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye;
and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes — 1 absent)
Mr. Carter read the following certifying motion:
WHEREAS, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711(A)(1) —
of the Code of Virginia, for the purpose of discussion of personnel matters and
§2.2-3711(A) (7) - consultation with legal counsel, via telephone, and briefings by
staff members regarding pending litigation and a potential claim.
AND WHEREAS, no member has made a statement that there was a departure
from the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the
motion were discussed.
NOW BE IT CERTIFIED, that only those matters as were identified in the
motion were heard, discussed or considered in the meeting. I Call the Question:
ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter asked if there was any action to be taken as a result of the closed
session.
Mr. Carter stated that with the literature received from Counsel in regards to the
budget item concerning Driver’s Education and as one of the prevailing parties
that voted for this, he would like to place the following motion on the floor for
consideration.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to rescind the stipulation of the
$100,000 being withheld from the School Budget for drivers education purposes,
knowing that the citizens are behind the Drivers Education Program but that this
is the wrong body to make that motion. VOTE: Mr. Carwile nay; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (3 aye votes — 1 nay)
Mr. Carwile stated he stands firm on the original motion. We are presently not
under any pressure from the School Board on this issue and have plenty of time to
rescind this motion at a later date.