628
thirty years. Mr. Jordan explained that when Mr. Moore did something it was for the
good of the community.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Wayne Phelps came forward and explained that he was a businessman and
landowner in the County. Mr. Phelps stated that he looked at this situation for Mr. Moore
no different than he looked at Mr. Bryant’s rezoning to M-1 for a cellular tower. Mr.
Phelps contended that Mr. Moore should be granted his request because of all his civic
work in the community. In closing Mr. Phelps recommended that the Planning
Commission rezone Mr. Moore’s property to M-1.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Brian Selz came forward and stated that he was an attorney from Campbell County
and that his address was Courthouse Square, P. O. Box 38, Rustburg, Virginia. Mr. Selz
continued that he was representing Rueben and Nancy Bryant. Mr. Selz stated that Mr.
Evans was correct in his statement that this property was not an A-1 property Mr. Selz
contends that this property is R-1. Mr. Selz continued that this property was not the place
for M-1 zoning. Mr. Selz stated that the County Comprehensive Plan did not support M-
1 zoning in this area. Mr. Selz continued that he would like to clear up one matter. Mr.
Selz explained that the cellular tower was not located in an M-1 district but that it was
permitted with a conditional use in A-1. Mr. Selz implored the Board to not consider the
personal appeal but to consider instead the planning appeal.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Rueben Bryant came forward and gave his address as 247 Station Lane, Concord,
Virginia. Mr. Bryant began by saying that he moved to his present location in 1969. He
continued that there was a lot of personal support for Mr. Moore but that he had a petition
with seventy-five names of people who were in opposition to Mr. Moore’s request. Mr.
Bryant continued that the opposition was growing not diminishing with time. Mr. Bryant
explained that everyone living in this area or adjacent to this area were opposed to Mr.
Moore’s request and that he felt these were the voices that should count.
Mr. Bryant presented a petition to the Board. (Petition on file in the Rezoning file of Mr.
Bobby E. Moore).
Mr. Bryant continued that not a lot had changed since Mr. Moore’s first request for
rezoning. Mr. Bryant stated that he felt that if this request were granted it would
constitute spot zoning. Mr. Bryant encouraged the Board and Planning Commission to
examine the petitions that he had provided. Mr. Bryant in closing pleaded with the Board
to “please not pull the rug out”. He contended that zoning existed to protect farms and
residences against industry. Mr. Bryant requested that the Board please take action on
Mr. Moore’s request tonight in order to bring closure to this issue.