383
Mr. Bosiger then reminded the other members of the Board of an appointment that was
necessary for the CVCC Board . Mr. Bosiger continued that two names had been
submitted, Mrs. Pat Torrence and Mr. Thomas Ford.
After discussion of the qualifications of each candidate, Mr. Carter made a motion,
seconded by Mr. Carwile to appoint Mr. James Ford, Jr.to the CVCC Board effective July
1, 1998 for a four year term. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Torrence, abstained.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that an executive session was necessary to discuss a legal
matter.
Mr. Carter made a motion at 9:00 P.M. seconded by Mr. Torrence to enter into an
executive session to discuss a legal matter. Vote; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 9:47 P.M. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Torrence the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was any other business to come before the Board.