59
concerning the proposed FY03 Budget. The Board also stated its intention to set the Real
Estate Tax for the coming year and set a date for the public hearing concerning the
Budget.
Mr. Carwile stated that the time was upon us to set the tax rate. In 1992, the new Board was
faced with a financial mess. However, the County is in good shape compared to what it was in
the past. With the overall revenue and what is expected from the State Corporation Commission,
we feel comfortable that we can make a projection as to the tax rate and what we can do with the
money available. There are several things that have impacted the Budget that we had no control
over.
The original school budget was $17,224,794 and revised to $16,829,211. A difference of
$395,583. Mr. Carwile supports scenario #4 presented by the County Administrator for the
school budget. The Board had previously discussed scenario #2 which would represent a $.07
cents difference in the Real Estate Tax Rate. Mr. Carwile also discussed pay increases and health
insurance coverage. Mr. Carwile suggests the Board accept scenario #4 and put the difference
between the two scenarios into a Capitol Improvement Project Account.
Mr. Kendrick stated that budgeting is a working thing. We need to look at restructuring the debt.
He has taken another look at scenario #1. Mr. Kendrick discussed some of the differences
between scenarios #2 and #4. We still have the courthouse and healthcare facing us and next year
there will be a tax increase.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to accept scenario #1 (for school budget) and set the tax rate at $.66
per $100 value assessed.
Mr. Carter seconded the motion and called for discussion.
Discussion centered around the C.I.P., debt service, what construction dollars would be used for,
and trying not to cut programs.
Mr. Carwile made a substitute motion to the motion on the floor made by Mr. Kendrick to accept
Scenario #4 for the school funding.
This substitute motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Moore stated he liked Scenario #2. Mr. Carwile’s suggestion cuts the school budget and Mr.
Kendrick’s gives them more. He feels this scenario will be best for the school and also puts the
Board in a better position.
Mr. Moore made a substitute motion to accept Scenario #2, instead of either #1 or #4. Mr.
Hancock seconded this motion.
After more discussion, Mr. Hancock and Mr. Carwile both agreed with Mr. Moore on accepting