555
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
David G. Garrett, Jr. - Town Manager
Roxanne Paulette — Town Clerk
Walter Hancock — Wiley & Wilson
Bill Gillespie — Region 2000
At 6:00 Mr. Carter called the Board of Supervisors to order and Mr. Spiggle called
the Town Council to order, after which Mr. Carter gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter welcomed everyone present and stated that the purpose of the
meeting was to discuss the subject of the Water Committee Study and the
Feasibility Study that has been going on for a number of years. Tonight we have
present speakers who will present information that will be beneficial to us in any
decision or vision that any of us may have.
Mr. Carter introduced Mr. Walter Hancock of Wiley & Wilson Engineering.
Mr. Hancock stated that they were commissioned to do a study that would look
at future development scenarios for the Appomattox area, taking into
consideration“both the Town of Appomattox and Appomattox County. In this
study one criteria was they would be looking for a minimum of 2 million gallons
of water a day. The current capacity of the Town of Appomattox water supply is
at approximately 328,000 gallons a day, and they are currently using somewhere
around 240,000 to 250,000 gallons per day. The system has a total storage of
1.1 million gallons. In looking for 2 million gallons a day, they looked at three
(3) different scenarios. 1) Run a water line from the City of Lynchburg down
Route 460 to serve the County. 2) Look at potential reservoir sites within the
County and 3) tap into the James River for raw water and run a water line from
the James River to our development area. He will talk a little bit about all three
of these scenarios.
1 - Develop a water line from Lynchburg to Appomattox. This has been talked
about for several years and there has been a lot of interest in this option. In this
study they determined what the demands would be. If the water line went from
Lynchburg to Appomattox, it would pass through Campbell County and Campbell
County would use some of that water especially for a future system in Concord.
The line size for the ultimate demand would require a 24” to Concord and then a
20” line from Concord to the connection with the Appomattox system. A tank
would be required at Spout Spring to serve the entire system but they decided
this tank would not be necessary until sometime after the year 2023. The cost
of water from the City of Lynchburg would be approximately $1.50 per hundred