333
that was not transferred to this category.
There was considerable discussion regarding item 8 — FY02 Balancing Transactions. Mr.
Carter questioned when the deficits were encountered on these items.
Mr. Carroll explained item by item what the problem was and that these items were not
over budget until the last payroll of the fiscal year. Items c,d,e, & f were actually rollover
grant monies from the previous FY budget that were not transferred.
The question came up regarding where this money would come from, General Fund or be
taken from the FY 03 Sheriff’s budget.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve items 5, 6, 7 and 8-b
thru f of the Consent Agenda. Item 8-a, & g-j were tabled until further information can
be obtained. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Carter next called attention to the INFORMATIONAL ITEMS:
9. TransDominion Express Update: Update enclosed.
10. Letter from the Hon. Virgil H. Goode, Jr.: Letter concerning C ongressman
Goode’s efforts to help fund the ultimate development of a water source for the
County.
11. VDOT Public Hearing: Notice of public hearing regarding the Route 641
improvements.
12. Landfill Inspection Report: Inspection report for the bailing facility conducted
on May 28, 2003.
13. Thank You Notes: Notes from Gladstone Rescue Squad, Pamplin Volunteer Fire
Department and Gretna Rescue Squad thanking the Board for donations
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor’s Concerns:
Mr. Carwile stated he had been talking with Mr. Wayne Phelps regarding the Old Jail
Museum. This building is in deplorable condition. The roof is leaking and the ceiling is
falling down. With the reenactment coming up on September 12", this building should
certainly be opened to the public. M r. Carwile passed out an estimate dated July 11,
2002, from J. E. Sears to repair this building. He is not recommending that all the work
described in the estimate be done at this time. He is asking the Board to authorize Mr.
Phelps and his committee to get two bids for the things that need to be done to have this
building usable by September 12, 2003.
Mr. Kendrick questioned who owned the building and why it is not maintained by the
County if it is our responsibility. Also, was not extra money borrowed to cover the
repairs to this building along with other buildings in the Courthouse Square.
It was the consensus of the Board to do what is necessary to make this building usable by
September 12, 2003. Mr. Carwile and Mr. Moore agreed to work with staff to determine
the specific needs for this project.