215
23. Monthly Financial Report from School: Monthly Financial Report for
February, 2003.
24, St. Anne’s Episcopal Church: Letter thanking Board for providing temporary
space for the Good Samaritan Clothes Closet.
Mr. Carter next called for Supervisor Concerns:
Mr. Carter stated that each member had received a letter from “Appomattox County
Concerned Citizens” asking that this Board be willing to meet with the School Board to
discuss the 2003-2004 Budget. He feels that we, as representatives of the taxpayer, need
to have this meeting and listen to what the concern citizens have to say in regards to a
response to this item. We, as a Board, should be willing to meet with the School Board
and these citizens to have a comments session. Our hands are tied to a certain degree as
we cannot dictate to the School Board regarding line items, etc.
Mr. Kendrick feels we should have a meeting prior to establishing our position, what our
income is, our expenses are and how the appropriations should be.
Mr. Carwile stated we do have a meeting with the School Board and these are open to the
public. We need to accept the imput and satisfy the terms of this letter.
Mr. Moore agrees that the citizens could participate at the public meeting with the School
Board.
Mr. Carter also requested clarification on the performance bond on the Recreational Park
Contract.
The Board by consensus agreed not to require a performance bond from D. S. Nash
Construction Company.
Mr. Carter stated the Board needed to enter into a closed meeting in accordance with
§2.2-3711(A) (3) of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of acquisition of
real property.
At 8:15 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to enter into a closed
meeting in accordance with §2.2-3711(A)(3) of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussion of acquisition of real property. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Hancock left the meeting at 8:15 p.m.
At 8:26 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to return to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (4 aye votes)