499
Dan Siegel -Bond Council
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order and welcomed the member of the I.D.A., Bill
Carter and Dan Siegel. Mr. Bosiger then explained how the bonds were structured for the
other members of the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called upon Mr. Bill Carter to present the debt service schedule to the
Board and answer questions related to the bond issuance.
Mr. Bill Carter came forward and presented debt service schedules for the Board and the
LD.A. to review as he gave his presentation. Mr. Carter explained that the interest rate
on the issuance was 4.969% over a 15-year term. Mr. Carter then explained that the
interest payment for the first 5 years would be $122,000.00 per year.
Mr. Carter answered questions of the members of the Board and the I.D.A.
Mr. Carwile then asked the other members of the Board if the Board should not consider
paying debt service and interest for the first five years instead of paying interest only.
Mr. Carwile continued that he felt this would be in the best interest of the County.
Discussion followed.
After discussion, the other members of the Board felt that they should stick with the bond
as structured.
Mr. Bosiger then called on Mr. Dan Siegel to explain the resolutions that the Board and
the I.D.A. needed to adopt.
Mr. Siegel answered questions of the members of the Board and the I.D.A.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the
following resolution:
WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors of Appomattox County, Virginia (the
"County") has requested the Industrial Development Authority of Appomattox County,
Virginia (the “Authority”) (a) to issue, offer and sell its capital improvements lease
revenue bonds in an amount not to exceed $2,500,000 (the “Bonds’) to finance the
acquisition, construction, renovation, repair and equipping of certain capital projects
including, but not limited to, (i) improvements, repairs and renovations to the County's
high school, middle school, elementary school and primary school, (ii) acquisition of
school buses, (iii) improvements to the Pamplin Volunteer Fire Department, the County
Rescue Squad and County Sheriff's Department, (iv) acquisition of vehicles for the
County's Sheriffs Department and a fire truck, (v) real estate for County recreational
purposes, and (vi) site improvements and infrastructure costs related to the development
of a County industrial park (the Projects") and (b) to lease the Projects to the County to
accomplish certain purposes of the Virginia Industrial Development and Revenue Bond
Act (the Act"), and the Authority has agreed to do so; and