44d
Mr. Torrence stated that he had spoken with several former Board of Supervisors
members and that they all felt that if they were on the Board they would have to vote in
favor of this proposal. Mr. Torrence continued that he had also spoken with
representatives of Founders Furniture about their concerns with the proposed site, and
had been assured their concerns had been answered at the public comment session and
they felt this was a good opportunity for Appomattox. Mr. Torrence, in closing, stated he
felt this was a workable project and that the County could afford to pay for this for the
benefit of the citizens present and future.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Moore stated he agreed with Mr. Torrence’s statements. He continued that the
County had been working on this idea for some time and he felt now was the time to
proceed. Mr. Moore stated that he had more concerns over this decision than any other
matter, personal, business, etc., that he had ever been faced with. Mr. Moore stated he
had received comments from numerous citizens and their concern was mainly with the
size of the parcel. Mr. Moore stated he was unaware of a better solution and felt this
project had been well thought out.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Carter stated he agreed with Mr. Torrence and Mr. Moore. He added that the I.D.A.
had been commissioned to go out and look for the best possible site for an industrial park
and report their recommendation to the Board. Mr. Carter continued that he felt the
LD.A. had done an in-depth study and explored all avenues prior to submitting their
recommendation to the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Carter commended the I.D.A. on their
work. Mr. Carter stated of the phone calls he received and the people he had spoken
with, the majority was in favor of proceeding with the proposed site in order to provide
jobs for our youth.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Carwile began by stating that he had a different view than the other members of the
Board, and that he had also spoken with a former member of the Board of Supervisors
and she had been opposed to this proposal. Mr. Carwile continued that to the best of his
knowledge this was the greatest decision that the Board had been charged to make and
that the fate of the County was in their hands; and also holds each Board member, as a
governing body member, responsible for their actions. Mr. Carwile continued that to the
best of his knowledge this was the greatest of all the great decisions that had ever been
before a governing body of the County since the end of the Civil War; when two generals
made peace with a hand shake in a very amicable way. Mr. Carwile stated that he
hoped that the members of the Board would cast their votes for the betterment of the
County and its people and that they would leave the meeting on some common ground of
unity that there are so many unknowns in this project that it makes it scary to jump into it.
Mr. Carwile continued that when people talk to him about the project they say they are in