455
Mr. Carwile stated that he had not had an opportunity to review the minutes, as he would
like, therefore he would vote nay for this reason.
Mr. Bosiger called for the vote:
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr.
Carwile, nay.
Mr. Bosiger then called upon Mr. Don Austin, Assistant Resident Engineer to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Austin came forward and asked if the members of the Board had a copy of the
resolution authorizing Frog Bottom to be taken into the secondary road system?
After review of the resolution, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to
adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS, the street described below was established prior to July 1, 1949, has
provided public service since its establishment and is now deemed to provide sufficient
public service to warrant addition to the Secondary System of State Highways, and
WHEREAS, after examining the ownership of all property abutting this street, this
Board finds that speculative interest does not exist,
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this Board request the following street be
added to the Secondary System of State Highways, pursuant to Section 33.1 229, Code of
Virginia and the Rural Addition Policy of the Virginia Department of Transportation:
Name of Street: Frog Bottom Length: 0.17 Mile
From: Route 678
To: 0.17 Mile North Route 678 to a dead end
Guaranteed Right of Way Width: 50 feet
Deed Recorded, Date July 22, 1998 Deed Book 244
Page 438, 439, 440, 441, 442
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board guarantees a clear and unrestricted right of
way, as described, and any necessary easements for cuts, fills and drainage, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this Board requests the Virginia Department of
Transportation to improve said street to the prescribed minimum standards, pursuant to
the Rural Addition Policy of the Commonwealth Transportation Board, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this resolution be forwarded to
the Resident Engineer of the Virginia Department of Transportation.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.