522
Mr. Rowlette stated this event should also draw tourist to the businesses in Town
as well as other places in the County.
They should have a more definite location for this event after the first week of
May. They would like to be able to use the entire IDA site.
Mr.Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve support of the
proposed re-enactment scheduled for April 8 & 9, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust,
aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes).
The Chamber/Re-enactment Committee has requested a Musical and/or
Entertainment Festival Permit for their event to be held June 19-20, 2004 at the
IDA property located on Route 613. They are also requesting the bond
requirement be waived.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to approve the Musical and/or
Entertainment Festival Permit for the Chamber of Commerce/Re-enactment
Committee to hold an event on June 19-20, 2004 at the IDA property located on
Route 613. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Ms. Taylor stated she has two concerns. The dumpster site at Vera is terrible.
People have been dumping furniture and everything else. She has on occasion
said something to people about this and they have told her they have the right
to dump items. The County needs to come to terms regarding manned sites.
The second concern is the E-911 Road Signs. She has put her road sign back up
twice. Now the sign is completely missing. She feels these signs should be
bolted together better.
Mr. Carter informed Ms. Taylor that the E-911 Coordinator is aware of the
problem and is working to correct this problem as well as replacing the missing
or down signs.
Mr. Carter stated that a closed session was necessary in accordance with ยง2.2-
3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter
and ยง2.2-3711 A.7 for consultation with legal counsel.
At 7:25 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore, seconded by Mr. Craft, the Board
entered into closed session in accordance with ยง2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of
Virginia for the purpose of discussing a personnel matter and ยง2.2-3711 A.7 for
consultation with legal counsel. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)