109
2. Discussion of architectural contracts for courthouse construction.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to enter into Closed Session per ยง2.2-3711
A.7 to discuss a legal issue. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
Mr. Carwile joined the meeting at 6:58 p.m. during the Closed session.
At 9:10 p.m. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter read the following Certification Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A.7 Of the Code
of Virginia for the purpose of discussing legal matters.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the lawful
purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
Icall the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Stidham, Mr. Siegel and Mr. Byrd left the meeting.
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
1. Action from Closed Session:
Mr. Carter asked if there were any motions to be made as a result of the closed session.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to authorize the County Administrator to
execute a contract with Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partnership for the construction,
documentations/designs of the new County Courthouse. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to authorize our attorneys to defend the
Board of Supervisors in the Biosolids Suit. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
2. Joint Water Study RFP: The Board has met with Town Council and discussed the water
study RFP. Board consideration is necessary for: 1) Approval of the RFP for advertisement,
minor changes may still be made with the consent of the joint committee and 2) Appointment
of a member to the RFP committee to review the final RFP, submittals and interview the