627
that Mr. Schewel had operated a pulpwood yard on this property from 1977 to 1990 and
that along with that operation there was a lot of traffic. Mr. Evans stated that when the
railroad leased the property to Mr. Moore it was leased to store trailers and equipment.
Mr. Evans stated that he would submit that what Mr. Moore was asking reflects what has
been happening on this property for 140 odd years. The property had never had an
agricultural use as far as Mr. Evans was concerned. Mr. Evans continued that he did not
feel that this should be an agricultural district. He continued that Mr. Moore had eight or
nine trailers on the property that he used for storage for his business. Mr. Evans asked if
Mr. Moore couldn’t continue his use of the property if he limited vehicular traffic to no
more than 5 or 6 times per week. Mr. Evans stated that he did not feel this would
constitute heavy vehicular traffic. In closing Mr. Evans stated that there was already
some business activity in this area in the form of a cellular tower which had already been
approved by the Board.
Mr. Evans asked if the people in the Courtroom that supported Mr. Moore could stand to
show their support.
Mr. Bosiger explained that this would be appropriate.
(A number of people stood).
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mrs. Georgia Schewel came forward and gave her address as P. O. Box 664, Concord,
Virginia. Mrs. Schewel explained that her purpose for attending the public hearing was
to clear up some discrepancies in the dates of operation of their woodyard. Mrs. Schewel
stated that at a previous public hearing her husband had said they operated a business on
this property until 1990. Mrs. Schewel explained that this was only partially true. She
continued that even though they had stopped buying wood they had kept supplies,
trailers, etc. on this site until June of 1992. Mrs. Schewel stated that in 1984 when Mr.
Bryant bought his home in Concord they were still buying pulpwood and selling
firewood from this site. Mrs. Schewel stated they leased the property for two more years
after closing the wood yard hoping to purchase the property.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Bill Houchins came forward and gave his address as Box 781, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Houchins explained that he had been approached by Mr. Moore to help him with his
application for rezoning. Mr. Houchins presented a plat of the property and explained the
layout of the property.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. David Jordan came forward and gave his address as Concord, Virginia. Mr. Jordan
stated that Mr. Moore was a good neighbor to him and that they had been neighbors for