353
ADD (8) Mobile homes, provided that the mobile home is used to house a
specific, named elderly [over sixty-five (65) years of age] or
infirmed family member(s) and a statement of non-objection is
provided signed and notarized by all adjoining property
owners and/or resident. A statement of compliance signed and
notarized by the property owner shall be filed annually with the
zoning administrator.
Mr. Moore thinks this is a good idea.
Mr. Carwile is pleased with the Planning Commission.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the amendment to Sections
179-36 & 170-37 as written.
Amendment to Article VII, Residential District R-1:
§170-36 — Permitted Uses:
C. Within Residential District R-1, the following uses are permitted.
(8) Mobile-homes,—provided—that the-mobile_home—is—use
i --TO BE REPEALED
§170-37 - Conditional Uses:
D. When, after review of the application and hearing thereon, the
governing body finds as a fact that the proposed use or uses are
consistent with the intent of this chapter and are in the public interest,
the following uses are permitted:
ADD (8) Mobile homes, provided that the mobile home is used to house a
specific, named elderly [over sixty-five (65) years of age] or
infirmed family member(s) and a statement of non-objection is
provided signed and notarized by all adjoining property
owners and/or resident. A statement of compliance signed and
notarized by the property owner shall be filed annually with the
zoning administrator.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4
aye votes, 1 absent)
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda — Consent Agenda: (items 6 -14)
6. Approval of the Bills: Please approve bills for payment as presented.
7. Approval of Minutes: Please approve minutes of Regular meeting on July 7,
2003; and Regular meeting on July 21, 2003.
BOARD ACTIONS:
8. Emanuel Tire: Please approve request by Emmanuel Tire to extend the trial
period for extended hours of operation to November 3, 2003 under the same
conditions as previously approved by the Board in July 2003.
353