176
approach would provide greater support to the original intent of the Regional Cooperation
Act by encouraging localities to work together on a regional basis.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter suggested that the local news media consider publishing the News Release
issued by the Regional Commission as this needs to be communicated to all our citizens.
At 7:00 P.M. Mr. Carter opened the Joint Public Hearing with the Appomattox County
Planning Commission and read the following statement:
$ This joint public hearing provides property owners with the opportunity to present
their zoning petitions, and concerned citizens with the chance to speak in support
of or against the petitions, before the Appomattox County Planning Commission
and Board of Supervisors.
$ Please note that the public hearing is not the appropriate forum to engage in
discussion of the petitions. Discussion will take place during the Planning
Commission meeting that will immediate follow the public hearing.
$ We will begin a hearing of each petition with comments by the petitioner,
followed by comments from individuals to speak for the petition, and finally by
individuals speaking against the petition. As you approach the microphone,
please state your name and address for the record.
Mr. Carter then turned the meeting over to Mr. Stidham who read the first petition:
02-513 —- Marcus S. Carter: Conditional use permit for home occupation in an
accessory building (firearms instruction) per §170-34(A)(13) of the Appomattox County
Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Rt. 647 and Rt. 679, Tax Map #86(A)23, and
is zoned A-1 Agricultural.
Mr. Stidham called for comments for this petition.
Mr. Marcus Carter of Rt. 1, Box 945, Appomattox, Va came forward. Mr. Carter stated
this will be a small business involving firearms instruction/sales already located in the
basement of his home. He would like to relocate this business to an existing accessory
building in order to free up space in his home.
Mr. Timothy W. Carrico, of P.O. Box 146, Evergreen, Va. Mr. Carrico is in partnership
with Mr. Carter. There will be no on-site shooting, just instructional and classroom
training.
Mr. Russell Franklin of 308 Bent Creek Road, Red House came forward. Mr. Franklin is
a certified NRA instructor. He has known both Mr. Carter and Mr. Carrico for years. He
feels this instructional and classroom training is very much needed in our community.