588
ALSO PRESENT:
Aileen T. Ferguson - Appomattox County Administrator
Debbie Happel, Clerk — Town of Pamplin
David T. Garrett, Town Manager — Town of Appomattox
J. O. Overstreet — Appomattox County Attorney
Alice Rockefeller — Supervisor, Appomattox County Landfill
Earl Dickerson — Hurt & Proffitt
Jeff Grubbs — Hurt & Proffitt
At 7:10 Mr. Carter opened the public hearing and stated the purpose of the
public hearing was to receive comments on the Solid Waste Management Plan
for the County of Appomattox, the Town of Appomattox and the Town of
Pamplin.
A resolution from the Town Council for the Town of Pamplin has been received
requesting to be included in this Solid Waste Management Plan.
Mr. Carter called for comments.
Mr. Earl Dickerson of Hurt & Proffitt stated that in 1993 they prepared the initial
Solid Waste Management Plan for Appomattox County and the two (2) towns.
The Department of Environmental Quality is now requiring every municipality,
(town, city or county) through the State to update these plan by July 1, 2004.
You, as the official bodies of the County, have to ratify the plan before we can
submit it to DEQ for their review.
The Plan is a generally written plan that outlines your current status of how you
handle solid waste in each of your jurisdictions. The Town of Appomattox picks
up solid waste and Pamplin hires out to a private hauler. What we have
identified in this plan is exactly what is occurring right now. It identifies how
waste is handled at the landfill.
The Plan also goes into what the future might be, because we have identified
just about every way of handling solid waste that you can think of. But, by no
means does it identify that you are going to do Y,X or Z. It only identifies the
options that you as a County may want to consider in the future. Mr. Jeff
Grubbs put together the plan in 1993 and did the update along with a lot of help
from Alice Rockefeller, Solid Waste Administrator for the County of Appomattox.
If you have any questions, Jeff or Alice will be glad to answer them. He just pats
them on the back for a job well done.
Mr. Carter called for questions or comments.