28
Spanish for individuals. She would like to do a profile of Appomattox County at an approximate
cost of $200 to translate, design and layout. She informed the Board that there are close to 100
Spanish speaking people in Appomattox County.
Ms. Dianne Miller came forward as the representative for AWAG. Ms Magda Liska’s dad is ill
and she was unable to attend. Ms. Miller gave a brief background of AWAG and stated their
main goals are twofold; (1) establish a low cost spay/neuter program; and (2) to bring humane
education into the schools or any other interested organizations.
Ms. Miller talked about a Beagle turned over to them by Mr. Moore. She was in terrible shape.
They have named her Trixie and she is well, happy and awaiting adoption. Her vet bills
amounted to around $150.00. This is just one example of what AWAG is all about. They also
provide transportation to other areas for low cost spay and neutering for animals in their care and
also for private individuals. Most of the animals they work with leave the area for adoption,
some are sent as far as New England.
AWAG is asking the County for help with their administrative expenses only. They would like
to receive $2,500.
They are seeking publicity to get a mobile spay/neuter vehicle. They have received their 501(C)3
Tax Exempt Status. They use raised and donated money for spay/neuter programs. Since they
have received 501(C) 3 status they plan to apply for some grants.
They would like to see an increase in the fees ($4.00) for licenses. They would like to have fees
raised to $5.00 for spay/neutered animals and $10.00 for unsterilized animals. They estimate
there are 2,800 dogs owned as pets in the county. This does not include hunting dogs and
persons with kennel licenses. There are about just as many cats. They would like to see more
enforcement on dog licenses and eventually see even cats requiring licenses, thus enforcement of
rabies vaccination.
Ms. Miller thanked the Board for their time.
The next to appear before the Board was the Registrar and Electoral Board. (Ms. Sabrina Smith,
Registrar and the Electoral Board: Fred Underwood, Richard Wingfield, and Joseph Foxwell).
Ms. Smith spoke regarding the Budget for the Registrar’s Office. They are one of the smaller
offices in the County. Her budget increase this year amounts to $147.00 for part-time salaries.
(This represents the $1.00 a day increase previously approved by the Board). Ms. Smith
explained the increase requirements of her office that necessitated the increase in her part-time
hours. Her advertising budget shows a slight increase. Travel expenses are not in her budget as
she usually requests this when time to attend these approaches.
Depending upon where her office is moved after renovation she may need some new office
furniture. $1,200 will be needed for the Department of Technology to relocate computer and
phone lines and additional postage will be needed at that time to notify each and every voter of