528
Real Estate transfers has grown tremendously in the last few years. A good yearused to be between 45 and 50 transfers.
Mr. Mays explained to the Board exactly what his responsibility is when a pieceof property transfers from one owner to another. He has to change the name ofthe owner and the address. (He also stated here that due to the implementation
of E-911 they will have to change the addresses on over 20,000 property cards.)
He has to assign a map number, state how much the property sold for, wherethe property sold is located in the Clerk's Office — deed book/instrument number.They are averaging approximately 61 of these a month. The County picked up 10million dollars in new construction this year. This is the biggest year we have
ever had. This is approximately 70 new dwellings, averaging in cost from
$100,000 to $130,000 per home. This is in addition to all the work involved
during the tax season.
His office has to actually measure all new construction, house, garage, pool or
otherwise; list this on the property card along with the type of construction,
basement, sheet rock or paneling, plus the number of baths. They had over 300
stops this year.
In the past, he has budgeted for part-time help around $11,000.00. He is asking
to have this part-time position turned into a full-time position so he can have
someone working on real estate only. If he has a full time position approved, he
will only need a part-time person to answer the phone during the busy part of
the tax season. He is also asking for a salary increase for Rebecca McCormick
and to place her in the Real Estate position because she has been trained and is
capable of handling these duties. (Starting salary of $17,080.)
There was some discussion of land use reassessment. We are going into the 3"
year of Reassessment. We are now down to 70% of Fair Market Value. Next
Reassessment due in FY2006.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Mays for his Participation in this budget process.
Mr. Carter then asked Mr. Fred Underwood, Mr. Joe Foxwell, and Mr. Sonny
Conner of the Electoral Board to address the Board for the purpose of explaining
and discussing the increases in the FY2005 budget.
Mr. Underwood explained that they have included in their budget request a line
8002 - Buildings, Equipment & Donations. This is explained in the narrative
accompanying the budget requests. They have precincts in the Moose Lodge,
the Spout Spring Ruritan Building, the Oakville Ruritan and the Pamplin
Community Center. They would like to make a contribution to each of these
organizations for the use of their facilities.