417
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order at 7:45 P.M. and called the members of the
Electoral Board to appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger explained the Electoral Board had requested a meeting with the Board of
Supervisors to recommend relocating the Vera Voting Precinct.
Mr. Fred Underwood and Mr. Wingfield of the Electoral Board began by thanking the
Board of Supervisors for meeting with them to discuss the matter of moving the Vera
Voting Precinct. Mr. Underwood explained that with the completion of the Oakville
Ruritan Club building the Ruritans had agreed to allow the Vera Voting Precinct be
moved into the new building with Board of Supervisor approval.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to move the Vera
Voting Precinct from the old school building into the new Oakville Ruritan Club
building. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, abstained; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Underwood and Mr. Wingfield.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mrs. Lou Roach and Mrs. Carol Steele to come before the
Board.
Mrs. Steele began by explaining that they represented Excel long distance telephone
carrier and were interested in the County’s long distance business. Mrs. Steele continued
by explaining their program and the savings that could be realized.
After questions and discussion concerning Excel’s offer, Mr. Moore made a motion
seconded by Mr. Torrence to change all County Office long distance carriers to Excel.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
By consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was asked to contact the School Board and
Constitutional Officers to recommend they also change their long distance carrier to
Excel.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mrs. Roach and Mrs. Steele and asked Mr. Bob Scherle
to appear before the Board.
Mr. Scherle began by providing a handout to each Board member concerning community
service program cost and income. Mr. Scherle then explained that at present Piedmont
ASAP was supervising the County’s community service program but he would like to
offer an alternative to this program. Mr. Scherle stated he felt the County could act as
physical agent and operate it’s own client funded community service program at a profit.
Mr. Scherle provided further information into his proposal.