137
WHEREAS, many progressive communities around the country are actively developing
biking and hiking trails, referred to as “green communities”; and
WHEREAS, the Region 2000 Regional Commission has developed a Regional Bicycle Plan
designed to make recommendations concerning the placement of potential bike paths and shared
roadways in the region; and
WHEREAS, on August 19, 2002, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors approved
the Regional Bicycle Plan including its recommendations on bike paths and shared roadways within
Appomattox County; and
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors recognizes the need for bicycle
access to the Appomattox Recreation Park;
AND WHEREAS, the Board of Supervisors now desires to adopt the Regional Bicycle Plan
as the official County Bicycle Plan with the following amendments to provide a bicycle route to the
Appomattox Recreation Park;
US460 (Richmond Highway) from Business 460 (Confederate Blvd) to Rt. 613 (Police
Tower Road).
Rt. 613 (Police Tower Road) from US 460 (Richmond Highway) to Appomattox Recreation
Park entrance.
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED THAT the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors does hereby adopt the Regional Bike Plan to serve as the official bicycle plan for
Appomattox County.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
b. VDOT Recreational Resolution: Board needs to approve resolution requesting VDOT
to design, construct, and maintain the service road and bike path for the community
park.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded Mr. Moore to approve the following resolution requesting
VDOT to design, construct, and maintain the service road an bike path for the community park.
RESOLUTION
COMBINED RECREATIONAL ACCESS ROAD/BIKEWAY
WHEREAS, the Appomattox Community Park is owned and is to be developed by the
County of Appomattox as a recreational facility serving the residents of Appomattox County and
adjoining localities; and
WHEREAS, facility is in need of adequate vehicular and bicycle access; and