446
of, and school funding. School funding is a very complicated matter and they realize
some of Board members are familiar with and have had some experience with this and
some of Board have not. The School Board will also talk about facilities but the main
focus will be school funding. There are several staff members present who will be
working with them as they make these presentations. The School Board will also talk
about facilities but the main focus will be school funding, then move to the six-year plan.
If everything is not discuss in the time allowed or if there are questions unanswered,
perhaps the meeting can continue at another time. Again, the purpose is to
communicate with one another, to provide information to Board of Supervisors and start
a dialogue that hopefully will be ongoing between the two boards throughout the year.
There will be some questions asked during the evening and some of the staff members
will give the Board information to complete. These will be yours to keep for your
information, they will not be collected. A packet of materials will also be distributed at
the end of the meeting.
Dr. Krug introduced each of his staff members for the benefit of those new members
who were not already familiar with them.
Dr. Krug posed several questions regarding what your answer would be to anyone
asking about our school system and what are some of biggest challenges our school
system faces today. There were several very good responses.
Mr. Billy Perrow gave a presentation of School Funding. He began by passing out a
question and answer sheet to demonstrate a little of how the school funding is
generated and where these funds are spent. Mr. Perrow stated that the School Board
under law has the responsibility to provide free and appropriate education and to
produce a budget that provides for that. The Board of Supervisors has the duty to fund
public education. How do we get to middle ground and come to the agreement on
what can be provided and what is needed. This is always the issue. It is a difficult task.
The number one thing to remember is the budget is a revenue based item. The
revenue comes from several places: 6% from the Federal Government, 64% from State
Government, and 29% from the Local Government. Mr. Perrow continued with the
various sources of revenue and where these funds have to be expended.
At 7:45 p.m. a brief recess was taken.
At 7:55 p.m. Dr. Krug introduced the Six Year Plan:
Every school division in the Commonwealth must develop a Six-Year Plan every odd
number year. Our focus is on students and that is what we are all about.
Their vision focuses on student achievement and highly qualified staff. The Six Year Plan
is broken down into different goal objectives: I) School Climate, IT) Planning, III) Staff
Development, IV) Curriculum and Instruction and V) Communications. They will discuss
each of these briefly.
I. School Climate/Security — Goal: To provide a positive, supporting
and safe environment that will allow for the maximum development
of all students. Ms. Martha Eagle stated that their goal was for the students