406
MOP. (The Authority will advise the Local Issuer within 60 days of the end of each Fiscal
Year if such Local Issuer was a Material Obligated Person as of the end of such Fiscal
Year. Upon written request, the Authority will also advise the Local Issuer as to its status
as a MOP as of any other date.) Not later than ten (10) days prior to the Filing Date, the
Local Issuer shall provide the Annual Report to the Dissemination Agent (if applicable)
and shall provide copies to the Authority. In each case, the Annual Report (i) may be
submitted as a single document or as separate documents comprising a package, (ii) may
cross-reference other information as provided in Section 4 of this Disclosure Agreement
and (iii) shall include the Local Issuer’s audited financial statements prepared in
accordance with applicable Sate law or, if audited financial statements are not available,
such unaudited financial statements as may be required by the Rule. In any event,
audited financial statements of such Local Issuer must be submitted, if an when available,
together with or separately from the Annual Report.
(b) If the Local Issuer is unable to provide an Annual Report to the
Repositories by the date required in subsection (a), the Local Issuer shall send a notice to
the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board and any State Repository in substantially the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
SECTION 4. Content of Annual Reports: Except as otherwise agreed, any
Annual Report required to be filed hereunder shall contain or incorporate by reference, at
a minimum, annual financial information relating to the Local Issuer, including operating
data,
(a) updating such information relating to the Local Issuer as shall have been
included or cross-referenced in the final Official Statement of the
Authority describing the Authority’s Series 2003 B Bonds, or:
(ii) if there is not such information described in clause (i), updating such
information relating to the Local Issuer as shall have been included or
cross-referenced in any comparable disclosure document of the Local
Issuer relating to its tax-supported obligations, or:
(ili) if there is no such information described in clause (i) or (ii) above, initially
setting forth and then updating the information referred to I Exhibit B as it
relates to the Local Issuer, all with a view toward assisting Participating
Underwriters in complying with the Rule.
Any or all of such information may be incorporated by reference from other documents,
including o fficial statements o f securities issues with respect to the Local Issuer is an
“obligated person” (within the meaning of the Rule), which have been filed with each of
the Repositories or the Securities and Exchange commission. If the document
incorporated by reference is a final official statement, it must be available from the
Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. The Local Issuer shall clearly identify each
such other document so incorporated by reference.
SECTION 5. Reporting of Listed Events: Whenever the Local Issuer is a
Material Obligated Person required to file Annual Reports pursuant to Section 3(a)
hereof and obtains knowledge of the occurrence of a Listed Event, and if such Local
Issuer has determined that knowledge of the occurrence of a Listed Event with respect to
its local school bonds would be material, such Local Issuer shall promptly file a notice of