55
On Monday, April 15, 2002 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court
Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Brandon Stidham - County Planner
At 6:34 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and asked Mr. Kendrick to give the invocation.
At 6:35 p.m. Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr Carwile to enter into a closed meeting
to discuss matters exempt under §2.2-3711 A.1 of the Code of Virginia - Personnel Matters,
specifically the discipline of an employee of the Board; and §2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of
Virginia, to discuss the following legal matters: probable litigation concerning the County’s
Biosolids Ordinance, and Contracts concerning Porter House Road and Country Haven Estates.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
At 7:06 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to return to regular session.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye, Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following Certifying Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under §2.2-3711 A.1 and §2.2-3711
A.7, Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion of personnel and legal matters;
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter stated that the next item on the agenda was a Public Hearing with the Planning
Commission, the Board of Zoning Appeals and Appomattox Town Council, as advertised.