438
Mr. Bosiger then explained that Mr. Brickhill had requested an appropriation of $275.97
from the Law Library Fund for the month of July 1998.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to appropriate $275.97 from the Law
Library Fund for the month of July 1998. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next explained that Mr. Carroll had updated the landfill study done by Hurt
& Proffitt and that the information was provided in the Board Book.
Mr. Bosiger continued that he had reviewed this information, but felt he needed more
time for study prior to discussion of this matter.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed to schedule a work session
to discuss the landfill study on August 10, 1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse.
Mr. Bosiger next presented several bids for removal and replacement of the gasoline tank
at the Sheriff's Department.
After review and discussion, Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to
accept Massie Oil Equipment Service, Inc.’s bid of $11,500.00 to remove existing
gasoline tank at the Sheriff’s Office and replace with new tank. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye;
Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a letter from Lynchburg Community Action Group, Inc. for
the County to sign a Certification acknowledging the availability of housing for AIDS
infected persons in Appomattox County.
After discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to sign the
Certification acknowledging that Lynchburg Community Action Group, Inc. provides
housing assistance for persons with AIDS in Appomattox County. Vote: Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented convention requests from the Commissioner of Revenue and
the County Administrator.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to approve for Sara Wooten, Deputy
Commissioner to attend LGOC and the County pay her expenses, and also for Aileen
Ferguson, Andy Carroll and any Board Member who wished to attend VACO Annual
Meeting be approved and their expenses be paid. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye, Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next presented a request that building permit fees and zoning fees be waived
for Pamplin Volunteer Fire Departments new construction.