305
citizens, you would find they would not want a trailer next to their property. This
is the reason the Planning Commission has voted the way they did. He fells the
citizens need some protection against trailers moved in next to property owners.
Mr. Moore was thinking in terms of farms. He can understand not having them
located in R-1, R-2 and Village where they would be close to other homes or
highways. He cannot understand the restriction in A-1 where they would be “out
of sight”. He knows of several instances where old “school buses” are being use
as housing for feed, etc.
Mr. Kendrick stated the word “accessory” implies that it is close to or in the
proximity to where some one might live or work. In talking with some of the
Planning Commission, they believe that it is nearly impossible to regulate this
“out of sight” concept. We have to be concerned about the way they look and
how they devalue tax base. We already have a number of “truck trailers” located
in the County, especially along the 460 corridor. At a time when we are trying to
promote tourism as a viable tax revenue for the County, these will eventually
become a eyesore and we must sooner or later take a stand about the way they
look. He is in support of the Planning Commission’s recommendation and that
what the Board is asking is too vague and unenforceable.
Mr. Carwile responded by saying that if we have something that we cannot
regulate with the expertise and knowledge we have on the Planning Commission
and the Board of Supervisors without putting a hardship on the people, then we
should not do it. However, these mobile homes are titled with the DMV. Is there
a Code section that allows the Planning Commission to regulate something that is
licensed by the DMV?
There was some discussion regarding the possibility of it being cheaper to build
an accessory building than the cost of moving a mobile home, which after being
stripped have a tendency to fall apart due to the fact they do not have the proper
support structures. Also what may be “out of sight” today, may not be “out of
sight” tomorrow.
Mr. Carter thanked the Planning Commission for attending the meeting and stated
there were possibly two options: 1) Do nothing or; 2) Adopt this
recommendation and hold a public hearing.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion to adopt the Ordinance as written by the Planning
Commission. The motion died for lack of a second.
Mr. Carter added that this issue should be studied in depth and presented at the
July 7" meeting.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Bill Gillespie, Executive Director - Region 2000
Regional Commission to present the Regional Health Insurance program to the