424
Mr. Moore thanked and excused Mrs. Conrad.
Mr. Moore then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Torrence questioned the decision to install tile at the Library instead of carpet. Mr.
Torrence stated he felt carpet was more appropriate in a Library setting.
Discussion followed, with consensus of the Board being to check with the Library Board
to get their feelings on this matter and then see if this matter could be held until a later
meeting for a final decision.
Mr. Moore next explained that all the people suggested to serve on the Sports Complex
Committee had agreed to serve and it would be appropriate to make the appointments at
this time.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to appoint the following people to
serve on the Sports Complex Committee: Dale Campbell, Jerry Small, Bookie Johnson,
Bobby Layne, Monte Mays, Dickie Kelso, Coty Dickerson, Steve Lambson, Raymond
Mullins, Greg Mayberry and James Cheatham. Vote: Mr. Moore, aye, Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Moore next explained that an appointment was necessary for the S.T EPS. Board of
Directors from Appomattox County.
Mr. Jim Smith’s name was suggested for appointment and Mrs. Ferguson was asked to
contact Mr. Smith to see if he would serve.
Mr. Moore then presented a request for a resolution of support from Mr. Michael F.
Kavanaugh of the U. S. Army recognizing their 223" anniversary.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to adopt the following resolution:
WHEREAS: The United States Army was established by the Second Continental
Congress on the 14” day of June, 1775; and,
WHEREAS: The Congress directed that “... two companies of expert rifleman be
immediately raised... in Virginia... as soon as completed, march and join the army near
Boston, to be there employed as light infantry...” to assist our brethren in expelling the
tyranny of the British Army; and,
WHEREAS: The United States Army remains the primary military service to project and
establish land power in the defense of our citizens’ freedoms and our nation’s security
interests; and,