323
After discussion and by consensus of the Board, Mrs. Ferguson was instructed to write
letters to these individuals explaining the problems.
Mr. Paulette next explained there was a meeting scheduled for December 2, 1997 at
10:00 A.M. to discuss the TransAmerica Corridor Feasibility Study. Mr. Paulette
continued if anyone was interested in attending, Mrs. Ferguson had additional
information.
Mr. Paulette next asked the Board if they wished to participate in the American Heritage
Rivers application designating the James River as an American Heritage River.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to decline
participation in the American Heritage River application. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
Mr. Paulette then explained that at the November 3, 1997 meeting it was decided that
each Board member would bring a list of capital projects to the recessed meeting for
review. Mr. Paulette then provided a handout of his list of capital projects.
A lengthy discussion followed.
Being no further administrative items, Mr. Paulette explained that it was necessary to
reenter executive session to discuss a personnel matter.
Mr. Moore made a motion at 7:49 P.M. seconded by Mr. Bosiger to enter into executive
session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Moore it was resolved the Board of
Supervisors return to regular session at 8:28 P.M. Vote: Mr. Paulette, aye; Mr. Bosiger,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Bosiger seconded by Mr. Moore, the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an executive
meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in accordance
with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344.1, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended requires a
certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such executive
meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)