439
Office of the County Administrator. The County Administrator is in a better position to
know what and how this individual handles his work load.
Mr. Conrad agrees.
Mr. Moore made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, that the County Code be revised
to eliminate Section 51-1.C and to schedule a public hearing on Tuesday, January 20,
2004 at 7:00 p.m. to receive public comments on this proposed revision. VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
5. Closure of Green Box Site: Numerous complaints have been received from
citizens about the dumpster site located on Rt. 667. These complaints include the
site being a general nuisance to neighbors, that the site is used as a hang out, and
that the site was used to conceal a get-a-way car during a recent home burglary.
Staff does not believe this site is necessary given its proximity to the Rt. 608 and
Rt. 648 sites. The site consists of one (1) green box that is emptied once a week.
No improvements have been made to the site such as concrete pad, etc., so there
are no sunk costs to consider in the elimination of this site.
Mr. Moore stated that when you have only one box (green) and no recycling box,
everything is thrown together and ends up in the landfill, which should not be done.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to authorize the closure of the green
box site located on Route 667. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes).
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda:
6 Committee Appointments: Appointments need to be made to the following:
A. Courthouse Furnishings Committee: In accordance with the Court
Order to construct the new courthouse, two (2) representatives need to
be appointed to serve on the Courthouse Furnishings Committee by
January 12, 2004. The attorneys will notify the Court after these
appointees have been named.
B. Elementary School Committee: The Board of Supervisors and the
School Board need to appoint or reappoint the following:
2 — School Board Members
2 — Board of Supervisors
2 — Citizens appointed by School Board
2 — Citizens appointed by Board of Supervisors
Welfare Committee
Central Virginia Area Agency on Aging
Community Center Board
CEDS Committee
Amp