96
Mr. Carter called the meeting to order at 6:30 p.m. and asked Mr. Hancock to give the invocation.
Mr. Carter then called Mr. Milton Thacker, VDOT Assistant Resident Engineer to address the Board
regarding the VDOT Six Year Plan for Secondary Roads, the Porter House Road Resolution and the
Appointment of Road Viewers.
Mr. Thacker began by discussing the Secondary Road Six Year Plan Resolution which he hopes the
Board will adopt. He stated that there had been a reduction in the funds and the only plan he was
aware of that was dropped was Route 659 in the unpaved roads. The other projects, Route 641 and
652 , the significant change was the dates to move them out. Hopefully, more funds will become
available in the fall.
VDOT is asking for a resolution for Porter House Road to be put in the rural additions.
The Board also needs to appoint Road Viewers for the month of July so VDOT can proceed with the
Brandenwood project.
Mr. Thacker asked if there were any questions or comments.
Mr. Carter asked if there was any discussion regarding either the Porter House Road or the
Secondary SixYear Plan Resolutions before considering a vote on these items.
Mr. Carter then called for a motion to adopt the Porter House Road Resolution.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution regarding
Porter House Road:
WHEREAS, the property owners residing on Porter House Road located in the Stonewall
Magisterial District have requested the Virginia Department of Transportation to provide an estimate
for the construction of 0.82 miles of Porter House Road from the intersection with Route 669 to its
terminus, to the Requirement of the Virginia Department of Transportation; and
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation has provided an estimate for the cost of said
street.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Virginia Department of Transportation hereby
is requested to add to the Appomattox County Secondary Road System for construction and
maintenance the following road in accordance with ยง33.1-229 of the Code of Virginia of 1950, as
amended.
Name of Street: Porter House Road
From: Intersection with Route 669
To: 0.82 mile south of Route 669
Length: 0.82 mile