647
Hearing no second, Mr. Bosiger declared that the substitute motion died for lack of a
second.
Mr. Bosiger restated the main motion as made by Mr. Torrence and seconded by Mr.
Carter was for renovation of the Courthouse.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone else would like to make a statement?
Mr. Moore said that he would like to make a statement and continued that he had been
contacted in the last two days by a number of people from the historical society asking
for referendum. Mr. Moore continued that no one except the people from the Historical
Society had made this request. Mr. Moore stated that many people had approached him
at various places and that, except for the members of the Historical Society, he had not
had the first person to tell him to build new. Mr. Moore continued that on the basis of
these conversations he had he felt that renovation was what the people wanted and that he
saw no need to prolong this decision. Mr. Moore in closing stated that he was being
honest in his support of renovation due to the feed back that he had received.
Mr. Bosiger began that he was speaking as the representative to the Falling River District
not as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Bosiger continued that a month ago he was very
much in favor of a referendum. Mr. Bosiger stated that after hearing the comments from
the public session and listening to the citizens in the Falling River District, who are
overwhelmingly in support of renovation. Mr. Bosiger continued that their reasons were
not necessarily financial as far as the initial expense, but that if we renovate the
Courthouse we will continue to use it but if we build new what will we do with the
present Courthouse. Mr. Bosiger continued that they had seen buildings in other
Counties vacated and finally taken down due to deterioration. Mr. Bosiger explained that
he understood that there were unknowns when it came to renovation but those unknowns
would always be there and sooner or later they would have to be dealt with. In closing,
Mr. Bosiger stated that he felt the best way to preserve the Courthouse was to renovate.
In closing Mr. Bosiger stated that he had come to the conclusion after hearing from the
people that dragging this issue out with a referendum was not the way to go.
Mr. Torrence stated that when the information was first presented from Craddock
Cunningham he thought that the idea of renovation was one that everyone would be in
favor of because it would provide some much needed repairs to the Courthouse. Mr.
Torrence continued that he still believed that the thing to do to preserve this building was
to renovate the building and continue to use it.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger called for a vote:
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye; Mr.
Carwile, NO. Mr. Carwile continued, “Mr. Chairman, I respectfully decline to support
the motion and cast my vote no. My heartfelt feeling is that this should be on the