170
A question was raised concerning the amount of acres that will be transferred, the entire
60 acres or just a portion of this acreage. It would depend upon how this building is
located on the property.
After some discussion, it was decided that the Board would take a look at the plat and
consider this at the next meeting on November 18, 2002.
3. Regional Revenue Maximization: Staff has prepared a draft ordinance for the
board’s review regarding the creation of a Regional Revenue Maximization
Board, and also a Memorandum of Understanding for the creation of this board.
A public hearing is required before entering into this agreement. Staff has
suggested a public hearing be set for November 18" once the final ordinance has
been drafted.
After some discussion, the Board by consensus tabled this item until the November 18")
meeting.
4. VDOT Resolutions: VDOT has submitted resolutions authorizing the closing of
Route 721 and Route 627 for the purpose of construction of new bridges.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Hancock to approve the following
resolutions:
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Route 721, 1.05 miles North of Route 611, the existing drainage
structure at Stonewall Creek, due to deterioration, will be replaced with a precast
concrete span bridge, and
WHEREAS, the concrete bridge will be built on the same location as the old
structure and will require demolition of the old structure prior to construction of the new
precast concrete span bridge.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Appomattox County Board
of Supervisors concurs in closing this section of Route 721 to thru traffic for the
construction of the new concrete bridge.
RESOLUTION
WHEREAS, Route 627, 1.00 mile South of Route 600, the existing drainage
structure at Vaughans Creek, due to deterioration, will be replaced with a precast
concrete span bridge, and
WHEREAS, the concrete bridge will be built on the same location as the old
structure and will require demolition of the old structure prior to construction of the new
precast concrete span bridge.