352
Mr. Caldwell read Petition 97-335 — Harry & Curtis Pearson — Rezone property from A-1
to R-1. Property is Tax Map No. 75-A-30. Property is located Route 1049 (Acorn
Street/Walton Place) between Route 1047 and Dead end.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was anyone to speak for the Petition. Hearing none, Mr.
Bosiger asked for comments from those opposed to the petition.
Mr. Silas Tharp came forward and gave his address as Acorn Street, Walton Place. Mr.
Tharp expressed concern with the resulting traffic flow from a subdivision. Mr. Tharp felt
that the current would not be able to handle a large number of additional houses.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Cecil May came forward and gave his address as Walton Place. Mr. May stated that
when Walton Place had been built the road had been developed to provide privacy to the
owners within the development. Mr. May further stated that the road was narrow and
would not accommodate additional traffic flow generated by the proposed development.
Mr. May was also concerned that property values would be lowered. He requested that
the proposal be denied because the streets were not able to handle the development.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments. Being no further comments. Mr. Bosiger
declared the public hearing closed.
C7
. [4
Chairman
A recessed meeting of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on January
20, 1998 at 7:50 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present: Garet K. Bosiger - Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Absent: Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Also Present: Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Mr. Bosiger called the meeting to order and invited Mr. Paul Lee with the county
auditing firm, Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates to speak with the Board. Mr. Lee stated
that no problems were discovered and the County was in fine standing.