697
Mr. Blair Smith, Fauber Architects, then presented information why the existing school
doesn’t meet today’s requirements or standards. Among the issues that Mr. Smith
presented were adequate lighting, safety and security. Mr. Smith explained that by
today’s standards for elementary schools each classroom is required to have at least 800-
sq. ft. of space. Mr. Smith continued that 2/3rds of the present classrooms do not meet
State standards for elementary schools. Mr. Smith explained that when the State
Department of Education did an audit of the schools they recommended tearing down the
old part of the elementary school. Mr. Smith stated that the present school site was only
13.25 acres. Mr. Smith continued that you could get by with the land on the present site
but there were other inadequacies of the present site. In closing Mr. Smith stated that
what he had just presented was a brief rundown of why the present school did not meet
today’s needs.
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Torrence if he would report on the potential site selection.
Mr. Torrence began by saying that the site committee began meeting approximately two
years ago and that in that time they had reviewed numerous sites for possible selection.
Mr. Torrence listed the following as sites that had been considered:
John Cole’s property on Route 727
Behind the High School - four different tracts needed
Henry Wright’s site
Pullium Farm
Industrial Park and Recreational Facility
Courtland Realty
Jamerson Property behind the present school
Central Virginia Electric Co-op
Wilbun Site
Clayton Bryant site on Route 691
Mr. Torrence continued that an engineering study had been done on the Wilbun site and
the Bryant site.
Mr. Torrence stated that in looking for a site they were looking for a few major things.
1- 20 to 30 acres was needed
2- needed to be in close proximity to the other schools
3- needed to be out of the congested area
4- fairly close to water and sewer
Mr. Torrence stated that in the end it came down to three options. Renovation, the
Wilbun site or the Bryant site. Mr. Torrence continued that all three options were in the
10 million-dollar range and that the committee favored building a new facility. Mr.
Torrence continued that prior to recommending a specific site the committee had
appraisals done on both the Wilbun site and the Bryant site, which indicated that the price
per acre for the Bryant site was within normal range. Mr. Torrence concluded by saying