517
On Monday, April 19, 2004, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its
regularly scheduled meeting in the Council Chambers of the Appomattox Town
Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Mr. Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Mr. Shawn A. Armbrust — Wreck Island District
Mr. Thomas H. Conrad — Falling River District
Mr. William H. Craft - Appomattox River District
Mr. Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Ms. Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Mr. Johnny Overstreet- County Attorney
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter called the meeting to order and asked Mr. Conrad to
deliver the invocation.
Mr. Carter next called for the Setting of Agenda: No one had anything to add
at this time.
Mr. Carter moved to the next item on the agenda: Citizen Public Comment
Period. No one had signed up to speak and having no one come forward, Mr.
Carter moved to the first item under ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS:
ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-11)
1. Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates Audit Contract: Proposed audit
contract for FY2005. Staff recommends accepting the contract for
FY2005. Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates has performed our audits for a
number of years and is familiar with our system. They are very
responsive when we call with questions and are available to address any
problem that may occur.
Mr. Conrad asked if we are compelled by any regulations to solicit this every year
or every so many years.
Mr. Overstreet informed the Board that we do have to go through a procurement
process for any contract with an outside firm for goods or services. Those
contracts, especially with an auditor, are normally contracts which can renew
from year to year for a period of three to five years before a new Request for
Proposal is done. It has been discussed that this will probably be done next
year.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore to accept the proposal from
Robinson, Farmer, Cox Associates to do the County audit for the FY2005. VOTE: