954
the intention was not to penalize anyone. Exemptions were being made for family
members. Mr. Bosiger stated that if you were proposing to develop a piece of property
into one acre lots you could still do that, there would just be a zoning change at the same
time that would change the zoning to residential. Mr. Bosiger stated that this would only
be affecting agriculture land. Mr. Bosiger explained the procedure for addressing the
Board and stated that each person would be given 3 minutes to address their comments to
the Board.
Mr. Bosiger then called upon Martha Wirt to come forward.
Ms. Witz came forward and gave her address as 434 Woodland Circle, Lynchburg,
Virginia. Ms. Wirt continued that she owned a 106-acre farm in the Evergreen area with
no road frontage. Ms. Witz continued that it appeared that the County was penalizing her
because she had no road frontage and that she was unable to do anything with her farm.
She stated that she had an old farmhouse on this property and asked if because of that
would she be unable to build even one dwelling on this property. Mrs. Witz stated that
this farm had been in her family for generations. Ms. Witz stated that she felt that it was
a very unfair law. She continued that if you wanted to limit trailer parks, then put
specifications on the trailer parks that would keep the trailers clean and neat. She
continued that there was a trailer park that she passed on the way to her farm and that it
was kept very nice. Mrs. Witz stated that she is unhappy.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Wayne Phelps to comment.
Mr. Phelps came forward and gave his address as Route 4 Box 225, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Phelps stated that he was a cattle farmer and businessman in the County.
Mr. Phelps continued that he respected the work of the Board and all that they had done,
but he stated that he felt that most everyone present wanted to see the ordinance remain
as it is. Mr. Phelps asked everyone in the audience that was against the proposed changes
to stand. (The majority of the audience stood). Mr. Phelps stated that he did not want to
say anything against anyone but he felt at this point in time this issue should be dropped.
Mr. Phelps continued that Frank Carwile represented his district and he should not be
deprived of a vote in this matter, Mr. Phelps continued that he did not care if a person
owned one trailer or 1000 if they were elected they should be able to vote on any issue.
Mr. Phelps then presented petitions supporting his position. (Petitions on file in the
January 1999 Board File).
Mr. Bosiger stated that anyone who wished to stand and say that they agreed with Mr.
Phelps comments, in lieu of making the same comments over, was free to do so by
standing and giving their name and address.
The following are the names and addresses of the people who stood in agreement with
Mr. Phelps comments:
Tom Conlon, Route 2, Spout Spring, Virginia
Alton Dalton, Appomattox, Virginia