21
At 9:00 P.M. on Saturday, March 9, 2002 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held a
Budget Work Session to discuss the upcoming budget at the Appomattox County Courthouse,
Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
At 9:11 a.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
The first item for discussion was the survey from the Regional Commission included in the
February 19" Board Book and by consensus was held over from the last Board meeting.
The Regional Commission has asked the Board to submit a Strategic Project Survey on what it
considers to be the top priority projects for the region in the upcoming year.
Items for possible consideration were: (1) water; (2) economic development; (3) regional health
insurance; (4) reassessment; (5) solid waste; (6) central purchasing; (7) legislative program -
lobbyist for Central Virginia; (8) Road funding (federal dollars drawdown); (9) Regional Courts
System; (10) State standardized plans for school/ courthouse construction; (11) alter tax structure
in the State (Equality is lacking and penalizes property owners).
After a lengthy discussion the Board agreed on these as top priority:
1. Regional Water Authority
2: Economic Development
3. Regional Health Insurance
4. Tax Structure (Regional) (Equality based upon consumption)
5. Standardized construction plan on schools & courthouses
But the entire list will be submitted.
The discussion next turned to the FY2003 Budget.
Mr. Carwile asked that each member take a few minutes to express their feelings as to where we
stand on the Budget.
Mr. Carwile started with reassessment we must bring the tax rate back down to an equalized rate.
He would also like to see the rate lowered below what the Code states we must do. The
unemployment rate of 6% in Lynchburg has a great impact on our County. We have got to get
serious with the School Budget as submitted. According to a study by Davenport, our level of
education is above most other localities in our area. He supports level funding for each