904
Authority shall have no responsibility therefor.
The following plan for financing the acquisition, construction and equipping of
the Projects for the County as described in the preambles above is hereby
approved. The Authority will be requested to issue the Bonds in the maximum
amount of $2,500,000 (the "Bonds") and to use the proceeds therefrom to
finance the acquisition, construction, renovation, repair and equipping of the
Projects. The Authority will acquire a portion of the Projects, which will be leased
to the Authority under the Ground Lease, and the Authority will lease the Projects
to the County pursuant to the Financing Lease and the County agrees to acquire,
construct, renovate, repair and equip the Projects with the proceeds of the Bonds
or otherwise. The Authority will also enter into the Indenture with the Trustee,
pursuant to which the Bonds will be issued, which Indenture is to be
acknowledged and consented to by the County. The Authority will also enter into
the Assignment Agreement whereby the Authority's rights under the Financing
Lease will be assigned to the Trustee, which Assignment Agreement is to be
acknowledged and consented to by the County. The Authority will be requested to
lease the Projects to the County for the term of the Bonds under a "triple net
lease'! at rents sufficient to pay interest and principal due on the Bonds, all
pursuant to the Financing Lease. The obligation of the Authority to pay principal
and interest on the Bonds will be limited to rent payments received from the
County. The obligation of the County to pay rent will be subject to the Board of
Supervisors making annual appropriations for such purpose. The Bonds will be
secured by an assignment of the Financing Lease to the Trustee for the benefit of
the bondholders and by the establishment of a debt service reserve fund pursuant
to the terms of the Indenture. If the County exercises its right not to appropriate
money for rent payments, the Trustee or the holder of the Bonds may terminate
the Financing Lease or otherwise take possession of the Projects, subject to the
terms of the Financing Lease, the Assignment Agreement, the Ground Lease, and
the Indenture. The issuance of the Bonds, in the aggregate principal amount of
$2,500,000, maturing on October 1, 2004 through October 1, 2011 and October
1, 2018, in the principal amounts, at the per annum rates of interest, and the
redemption provisions set forth in the attached Exhibit A, is hereby approved.
The Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, either of whom
may act, is hereby authorized and directed to execute and deliver the Ground
Lease, the Financing Lease, the Bond Purchase Agreement and the Continuing
Disclosure Agreement.
The Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, either of whom
may act, is hereby authorized and directed to acknowledge and consent to the
provisions of the Indenture and the Assignment Agreement and any other
instruments executed by the Authority in connection with an assignment of the
Financing Lease for the purpose of securing the Bonds, including designating and
confirming the final interest rate, maturities, redemption provisions and other
terms of the Bonds.