696
B. Water System:
(1) The IDA will grant the Town the right to develop well sited on the industrial
Property at a future date as a supplemental source for the Town’s water system at
a location to be identified prior to industrial clients entering the park. The well
sites will be owned and controlled by the Town.
(2) County to participate on a cost basis for capital expenditures associated with
Water source development when required by the industrial park (i.e. new wells
drilled or existing well tied to by the Town)
(3) Town will read individual water meters and bill all customers within the industrial
park.
(4) A backflow prevention device approved by the Town and Virginia Department of
Health shall be installed by each customer at their expense to protect all
connections to the Town water system.
(5) The Town commits 45,000 gpd of capacity from its water system to the Park.
This capacity may be increased by mutual agreement made at a later date between
the Town and the County.
(6) As long as the allotment is not exceeded, any industrial park customer may
connect to the water system immediately.
C. Water and Sanitary Sewer Systems:
(1) The water and sanitary sewer services described herein are to be only for the
Industrial Park and/or recreational area/Community Park unless otherwise
approved by the Town.
(2) | A master meter shall be installed on both the water and sewer services to the
industrial park by Appomattox County/IDA at their expense.
(3) | The Town must be notified when a water or sewer line is extended in the Park, or
when a new customer is added. Priorities for extensions of said lines by
County/IDA will be on an as-needed basis as industries locate in the Park. All
extensions and laterals will be in accordance with the Town standards and all
prevailing local, state, and federal regulations. Any easements required for
installations for any water line or sewer line required to service the industrial park
are to be obtained by the County/IDA.
(4) _ All extensions of the water and sewer lines within the Park are to be at the sole
cost of the County/IDA.
(5) | The Town will maintain the water lines, gravity sewer lines, pump station, and
force main inside the Park boundary. Operations costs of the water and sewer
systems on the Park property shall be shared by the Town and County, based on
the following formula:
(County’s Portion of Cost = Park Water & Sewer Revenues —
Operations Costs) until such time that the water and sewer
revenues match or exceed the Operations cost.
(6) Maintenance costs for the water and sewer systems associated with major
breakdowns or line replacements within the park boundary, beyond those
described in definition E & F shall be shared by the Town and County based on
the following formula: