198
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman
Monday, January 6, 2003 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held its annual
Organizational Meeting at 6:30 p.m. at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse
Square, Court Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT:
Samuel E. Carter — Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
Lee Byrd, County Attorney — Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller.
At 6:30 p.m. the meeting was called to order by Mr. Andy Carroll, County Administrator.
Mr. Kendrick was asked to give the invocation.
This being the organizational meeting, Mr. Carroll stated the first item for consideration
was the nominations for Chairman and the election of Vice-Chairman. Mr. Carroll asked
if there were any questions regarding the nomination process.
Mr. Carwile nominated Mr. Jesse Hancock for Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Kendrick nominated Mr. Samuel E. Carter as Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Carroll stated that Mr. Hancock and Mr. Carter had been nominated for the position
of Chairman of the Board and asked if there were any other nominations at this time.
Hearing none, Mr. Carroll then closed the nominations and called for discussion on the
nominees
Mr. Carwile stated that he was serving in his twelfth year and Mr. Hancock had been on
the Board for four years. He recognized the fine job Mr. Carter has done during his term
as Chairman but he felt like each member of the Board should have the opportunity to
serve as chair if he so desired. He then asked Mr. Hancock if he would serve as
Chairman if so elected.
Mr. Hancock agreed to serve if elected and he stated that in fairness to all members of the
Board that in the future they go to a rotation process and give everyone a chance to serve
one year as Chairman during their four (4) year term.
Mr. Carwile further stated that many counties have a rotation process and if a member
chooses not to serve as Chairman, he may decline. He feels Mr. Hancock deserves to be
elected Chairman.
Mr. Carroll then called for a vote on the nomination of Mr. Jesse Hancock. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Carter, nay; Mr. Kendrick, nay; and Mr. Moore,
nay. (2 aye votes and 3 nay votes)