361
style, in a safe and quite neighborhood. Her son was formally the Animal Warden for the
County of Appomattox, a cardio-tech with the rescue squad and is now serving in the
military overseas.
Plans are to place this mobile home some 400 feet from the highway toward the back of
the lot with landscaping. She is looking for a place where her grandchildren can be safe
playing outside. Ms. Marks concluded by asking the Planning Commission and the Board
of Supervisors to approve this petition.
Mr. Wayne Phelps, whose address is P.O. Box 386, Appomattox stated he owns the
property adjacent to the property in question. He feels Ms. Marks will make a fine
neighbor.
Ms. Ann Coleman of Jim Nolan Real Estate come forward and stated she is the realtor
working with Mrs. Rogers, the present owner of the property. They have been trying to
sell this property for some time and feel that this mobile home would fit well in the
neighborhood and be an improvement to the property in general.
Mr. Stidham called for comments against the petition.
Mr. James Burcher of Route 4, Box 504, Appomattox came forward. Mr. Burcher stated
he is representing his parsonage cummittee and trustees of adjoining property. There are
two churches involved and he is expressing the concerns of those church members. He
thanked Mr. Stidham for explaining to him the zoning ordinance this past week. The
membership of his church is totally against the issuance of this permit. There are several
mobile homes in this area that were placed prior to zoning requirements. Once a mobile
home is approved for an area, they are seldom ever removed. On behalf of the members
of his church he is requesting that this petition be denied.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments on this petition. Hearing none, he read the next
petition.
#03-528 — David & Helen Moseley and Wanda Lawhorne: Conditional Use Permit to
operate a private campground in the A-1 Agricultural District per §170-34 of the
Appomattox County Zoning Ordinance. Property is located on Route 647 between Rt.
668 and Route 613, Tax Map No. 49 (A)31.
Mr. Stidham asked if anyone wished to speak for this petition.
Mr. David Moseley of Boonesboro Road, Lynchburg, Va stated he had recently
purchased this property ( 52 acres) which is zoned Agricultural. He plans to clear about
10 acres and put up two (2) permanent residences. They wish to allow a few of their
friends to put campers on their property so they could be used maybe on weekends,
holidays, and just for visiting and enjoying a relaxed atmosphere and enjoy each others
company. They would like to allow access to water, sewer and electricity hookups. Mr.
Moseley emphasized that these campers would remain on the property and would not be