154
scheduled meeting (The first and third Monday of each month unless this date is a holiday,
in which case it will be the following Tuesday) for the purpose of receiving this open public
comment.
The following rules of participation will apply so that several citizens may use the time
allotted to present their concerns and the Board can complete their scheduled business on
the same meeting night.
- Each speaker shall confine his/her comments to a maximum of ten (10) minutes.
This allotted time includes any time spent by the Board members answering or
asking questions of the speaker.
- A sign up sheet will be used to identify potential speakers for the comment period.
The sign up sheet will be available at the Board's designated meeting location
(currently the courthouse) thirty (30) minutes prior to the start of the meeting.
Individuals wishing to speak will need to sign this sheet before the start of the
meeting. The speaker order shall be determined on a first-come first-served basis.
- The Board will allow as many speakers as possible to speak during the initial thirty
(30) minute period. For the purpose of conducting other County business, the
Board will close the initial period after thirty (30) minutes and will allow others still
wishing to address the Board to do so after other business has concluded and
before the Board adjourns.
- Individuals shall conduct themselves in an appropriate manner during there
presentation. All participants (speaker and audience) are expected to conduct
themselves appropriately during this time and treat the Board and fellow audience
members with respect while both speaking and listening.
- An individual will not be allowed to yield time to another speaker or have a
designee speak. The person that signs up to speak shall be the speaker. This is
only fair to everyone involved.
- If time permits, citizens not signed up to speak may be granted permission to
speak at the sole discretion of the chairman. In no case will a person granted
permission to speak be allotted more than ten (10) minutes unless the chairman
agrees.
- If there is only one speaker for any given public comment period, this speaker
cannot use the entire thirty (30) minutes. He/She would be restricted to the same
ten (10) minute time limit unless the chairman grants an extension of time.
- If at any time the audience behaves in such a manner that it interrupts the speaker,
the time it takes for the audience to return to order will not be counted against the
speaker.
VOTE: Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.