72
borrow up to $1,800,000 in loans from Branch Banking and Trust Company of Virginia
on the same terms of the November 18, 1998 commitment letter, except that Central
Virginia Community Services Board shall grant to Branch Banking and Trust Company
of Virginia a credit line deed of trust lien on the Hudson House Property in lieu of a lien
on the Arise Residential Center Property.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr.
Carter, aye.
5. Revenue Maximization Agreement: The Board has received a contract for consideration
concerning the recovery of monies previously spent by localities through the Community
Services Board. Each locality is eligible to receive federal reimbursement for these funds
and the purpose of this contract is to establish the mechanism to collect these federal
dollars and continue to recoup these costs.
After some discussion, Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to accept this
contract as presented. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
6. Biosolids: The Board at an earlier meeting expressed a wish to include the following
changes in the biosolids ordinance: 1) increased setback from streams and 2) restrictions
for the land application of biosolids during drought conditions (drought conditions will
need to be defined).
Mr. Kendrick stated the two proposed changes should be left as currently written. The change
that needs to be made is in the way it is written. It excludes the crop farmers, which was not our
intention. It almost reads as if it only applies to livestock farmers. We need to instruct our
attorneys to reword this so as not to exclude these areas.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to instruct our attorneys to reword the
Biosolids Ordinance to include the above changes and also to include crop farmers. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
7 Real Estate Tax Collection date: After discussion with the Commissioner of Revenue and
the Treasurer regarding the reassessment process requiring more time than anticipated,
the June 5" deadline for collection of taxes will need to be changed. Mr. Carroll has
proposed that the Board postpone the collection date from June 5" to Tuesday, June 25".
2002 to accommodate the delay caused by the reassessment.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to postpone the collection date for Real
Estate Taxes from June 5" to Tuesday, June 25", 2002 due to the reassessment process. VOTE:
Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
8. Planning Commission Recommendations: The Planning Commission has recommended
approval of Petition #02-500 - Gleaning for the World, Inc. & Clayton C. Bryant for a