46]
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors. ,
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye. oo
Being no further business, Mr. Moore made a motion at 9:35 P.M. to adjourn until 7:00
P.M. August 10, 1998, seconded by Mr. Carter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
ra Dee {(LAber aa
Garet K. Bosiger, Chairman
A work session of the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors was held on August 10,
1998 at 7:00 P.M. in the Courthouse, Courthouse Square, North Court Street,
Appomattox, Virginia.
Present:
Garet K. Bosiger — Chairman — Falling River District
Samuel E. Carter — Appomattox Courthouse District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District
Dennis W. Torrence — Appomattox River District
Also Present:
Aileen T. Ferguson — County Administrator
Andy Carroll — Assistant County Administrator
Tina Carter — Landfill Supervisor
Mr. Bosiger called the work session to order at 7:00 P.M.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there was any business to come before the Board. Mr. Bosiger
continued that he had one item that he wished to discuss with the other members of the
Board. Mr. Bosiger stated that the I.D.A. had come up with the idea that maybe a
committee could be formed to examine all the alternatives for providing sewer to the
industrial park. Mr. Bosiger continued that it had been suggested that the committee
consist of a member of the Board of Supervisors, a member of Town Council, a member
of the LD.A. and the Assistant County Administrator. Mr. Bosiger asked if the other
members of the Board of Supervisors felt this would be a positive move.
Mr. Moore stated that he felt this was a good idea.