256
2. Business Appreciation Week: We have received a Proclamation for Business
Appreciation Week 2003 scheduled for May 11-17. The purpose of this week is
to recognize the significant contributions that businesses are making in our
community. We also will have The Honorable Michael J. Schewel, Secretary of
Commerce and Trade as our keynote speaker at this year’s breakfast. Staff
recommends the Board adopt the Business Appreciation Week 2003
Proclamation.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the follow Proclamation
recognizing May 11-17, 2003 as Business Appreciation Week in Appomattox County:
PROCLAMATON
BUSINESS APPRECIATION WEEK 2003
Whereas, Governor Mark Warner has declared May 11 — May 17, 2003 to be
Business Appreciation Week in the Commonwealth of Virginia; and
Whereas, the theme of the Commonwealth’s celebration this year is “Success
Starts Here”; and
Whereas, Appomattox County is home to a thriving base of business and
industrial establishments that provide essential employment opportunities for the citizens
of Appomattox County; and
Whereas, these businesses and industrial establishments provide local revenues
from which the entire local citizenry benefit; and
Whereas, these business and industrial establishments also make significant
contributions to the Appomattox Community by promoting a variety of activities that
ultimately increase the area’s quality of life; and
Whereas, these business and industrial establishments are appreciated and are
deserving of special recognition;
Now Therefore, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors does hereby
recognize the importance of the County’s existing business and industrial employers by
proclaiming the week of May 11 — 17, 2003 to be Business Appreciation Week in
Appomattox County.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
4. FY 2004 Proposed Budget: Staff has prepared the Proposed FY 2004 budget
as directed by the Board. Staff will give a brief presentation regarding the
proposed budget. It will be necessary for the Board to set a Real Estate tax rate at
this meeting to ensure that tax tickets can be prepared.