6/5
At 9:15 P.M. Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter to enter into executive
session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore at 10:00 P.M. it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion by Mr. Carter seconded by Mr. Moore the following resolution was adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (1)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked it there was action necessary from the executive session?
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to increase Mrs. Tina Carter’s
salary by $1000.00 effective July 1, 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
The Board by consensus also agreed to reduce the CIP budgeted amount in order to cover
the following items:
$40,000.00 to Pamplin Fire Department for their building
45,000.00 to cover two vehicles for the Sheriff's Department
Additional funds to increase fire & rescue donations to outside agencies
12,916.00 funds reinstated to the Library’s budget
Increase in salary for the Landfill Operator
Mr. Bosiger then explained that the Regional Renaissance committee was again asking
the Board of Supervisors for an appointment to their Board of Directors.