406
Mrs. Allen began by thanking the Board for the opportunity to report to them concerning
her program and introduced Mr. McCullum, Executive Director of VASAP.
Mrs. Allen continued with a progress report for the past year and explained that her
program was totally offender funded. Mrs. Allen then answered questions of the
members of the Board.
Mr. Bosiger thanked Mrs. Allen and Mr. McCullum for the information provided and
called upon the members of the School Board and School Administration to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Lannis Selz, Chairman of the School Board, began by explaining that they were
appearing before the Board of Supervisors to request funding be reinstated in the budget
for FY99 that had previously been deleted. Mr. Selz provided a handout for Board of
Supervisors members. Mr. Selz then followed with an explanation for the necessity for at
least a portion of the funding to be reinstated in order to meet certain State mandates and
in order to meet certain local matches.
A lengthy discussion followed.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused the school officials and assured them
that their request would be considered.
Mr. Bosiger next called on Mr. Dennis Gragg, with Emanuel Tire of Virginia, to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Gragg began that his reason for coming before the Board was in answer to the
discussion at a previous meeting concerning Emanuel Tire of Virginia moving its
operation from landfill property. Mr. Gragg continued that Mr. Emanuel had sent a letter
to the Board asking for certain considerations and he wanted to get the Board’s reaction
to Mr. Emanuels’ request.
Mr. Gragg stated that Mr. Emanuel had agreed to move the operation with the move to be
complete October 1, 1999. Mr. Gragg continued that until that time they were requesting
to operation from 7:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M. Sunday through Saturday.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to hire a 40 hour
per week, temporary person with no benefits, at Emanuel Tire of Virginias’ expense, to
work gate security, in order to allow Emanuel Tire of Virginia to operate from 7:00 A.M.
to 7:00 P.M. Sunday through Saturday, with the understanding Emanuel Tire of Virginia
would move it’s operation no later than October 1, 1999. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Gragg and called for Supervisor Concerns.