68
On Monday, May 6, 2002 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors held it’s
regularly scheduled meeting at the Appomattox County Courthouse, Courthouse Square, Court
Street, Appomattox, VA.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll - County Administrator
John K. Spencer, Jr.- Assistant County Administrator
Dan Siegel - Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Lee Byrd - Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Shane Arrington - Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partnership
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting with Mr. Moore giving the invocation.
At 6:33 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore, the Board convened a closed
session under §2.2-3711 A. 1 and §2.2-3711 A.7 of the Code of Virginia, fora personnel matter
and legal consultation on Courthouse Litigation and Biosolids, . VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 7:45 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Carwile seconded by Mr. Moore the Board returned to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the certifying motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under § 2.2-3711 A.1 and § 2.2-3711
A. 7, Of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of discussion on a temporary personnel issue and
legal consultation.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Siegel, Mr. Byrd and Mr. Arrington left the meeting.