645
Mr. Carwile said he expressed his opinion to the other members of the Board of the
dilemma that he felt it would put the Board in to make this crucial decision. Mr. Carwile
stated that at the same time to keep down grievance and maintain peace and harmony.
Mr. Carwile continued that yes, the Board could do the right thing. Mr. Carwile stated
that he felt this issue should be put on a referendum. Mr. Carwile stated that from some
of the comments from other supervisors he felt that they were also concerned with what
was the right thing to do. Mr. Carwile continued that the time was upon them that was
set by the Board to act on the Courthouse issue. Mr. Carwile stated, “let’s hit the nail
squarely on the head and do the right thing”. Number one lets give the people a voice in
the issue at the polls. Number two, let’s meet with clubs and organizations seeking to be
better informed and with factual information provided by the Board the County
Administrator so that they can be better informed to make the right decision at the polls
in November 2, 1999. Mr. Carwile continued that he would like to go on to say, “let’s
not be led to accept a dollar figure for renovation when there is no dollar figure of cost in
the unknown with renovation”. Mr. Carwile stated, “let’s not think that a Band-Aid to
be a panacea of the Courthouse issue. I do not see band-aiding something to be the cure
for all of the issues that are here with the Courthouse”. Mr. Carwile continued that the
Board could not keep the feelings of the historical people in mind with the present
renovation plans. Mr. Carwile stated that cost was not a determining factor with either
option but the unknown encountered in renovation is the big question of dollars cost on
completion. Mr. Carwile addressed the other members of the Board and stated, “we need
to stand united with the people not divided on this issue”. Mr. Carwile asked the other
members of the Board to be heartfelt and let their actions be in the interest of all the
citizens. Mr. Carwile asked the other members of the Board to do the right thing and take
this dilemma off the shoulders of the Board and let the people decide on November 2,
1999 by a referendum, simply, renovate or build a new courthouse.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone else wished to comment.
Mr. Torrence began that with all due respect to Mr. Carwile’s comments, he felt that it
was clear what the public wanted. Mr. Torrence continued that with the best information
that was available to the Board they were talking about a 1.7 million dollar savings,
renovation over new. Mr. Torrence stated that the Board had done their job, they had
listened to the public, and that with the comments that had been received he did not feel
that this was even a close decision. Mr. Torrence continued that he would like to make a
motion to renovate the Courthouse. Mr. Carter seconded the motion.
Mr. Bosiger called for discussion.
Mr. Carter said that he would like to comment that the people that he had spoken with in
the Courthouse District, and some outside the Courthouse District, the overwhelming
majority was in favor of renovating the existing courthouse in lieu of building a new
courthouse or a referendum. Mr. Carter stated that the idea of a referendum had come
about in his discussions with people just today. He continued that he had received six
telephone calls today from citizens that wanted a referendum but that most of the people
that he spoke with had said they elected the Board to make these decisions. Mr. Carter