606
expenditure but we need to move forward and know every angle possible to
obtain grants and other means of monetary factors to supplement. this.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to enter into the agreement
with Region 2000 Commission to provide a water study for Appomattox County
and to make a supplemental appropriation in the amount of $25,000.00 to cover
the cost of said water study. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, nay; Mr. Conrad, aye, Mr.
Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (4 aye votes and 1 nay vote).
8. Early Learning Opportunities Act Grant: We have received a letter
supporting the Early Learning Opportunity Grant which is responsible for
the fund to keep the “Spot and Dot Bus” in operation.
To Whom it May Concern:
Under the authority granted by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors, we hereby
designate the Success by 6 Coalition as the eligible Local Council for Appomattox County for the
purposes of the Early Learning Opportunities Act (ELOA) discretionary grant program. We also
authorize the Success by 6 Coalition to develop and submit an application to the Administration
on Children, Youth and Families, Child Care Bureau in response to the ELOA Funding Opportunity
Number: HHS-ACF-CCB-ELOA-04-01, and to administer the implementation of the project if
funded.
We, hereby, authorize United Way of Central Virginia to serve as the Fiscal Agent on behalf of the
Success by 6 Coalition and the Fiscal Agent's Employer Identification Number (EIN) is: 54-
0505923 and this EIN has been entered in Item 6 on the Application for Federal Assistance (AF-
424).
As required under the statute governing ELOS, the Success by 6 Coalition includes: (1)
Representatives of local agencies that will be directly affected by early learning program assisted
under the ELOA and this announcement: (2) parents; (3) other individuals concerned with early
learning issues in the locality, such as representatives of entities providing elementary education,
child care resource and referral services, early learning opportunities, child care, and health
services; and (4) other key community leaders.
The Success by 6 Coalition was responsible for preparing and submitting the enclosed application
for the ELOA discretionary grant program.
Mr. Armbrust made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to approve the above
letter of support for the Early Learning Opportunities Act Grant: VOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye. (5 aye votes)
8A. Courthouse Change Order: Mr. Jamerson has approached Ms.
Ferguson with two (2) problems he felt existed at the new courthouse.
One is the retaining wall where the air conditioning units are located just
outside the courthouse. This wall was damaged during the demolition of
the old building and he felt this needed to be replaced. Also behind the
old jail, part of the wall had to be removed due to construction and paving