440
A. Courthouse Furnishings Committee: Mr. Moore suggested Ms. Barbara
Williams since she had served on the Courthouse Committee since the beginning and she
is very familiar with what is needed for the courthouse.
Mr. Spencer informed the Board that the clarification he received was that these
appointees did not necessarily need to be Board members, but could be.
Mr. Conrad volunteered to serve on this committee.
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Moore, to appoint Mr. Tom Conrad and Ms.
Barbara Williams to serve on the Courthouse Furnishings Committee. WOTE: Mr.
Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5
aye votes)
Mr. Carter suggested that he confer with the administrative staff and each Board member
and have them present a list of possible appointees to the other committees listed..
Items B—F were tabled at this time.
Ts FY05 Budget: The preparation of the FY05 budget will begin shortly. While no
action is requested tonight, it will be important for the Board to establish priorities
and goals for the coming year at the January 20" meeting. These goals and
priorities will allow staff to inform departments of the Board’s desires during the
budget process and assist staff to recommend funding levels to the Board.
There was no discussion on this topic.
8. Joint Meeting with School Board: Dr. Krug has requested that the Board
consider holding a joint meeting with the School Board to discuss the following:
Six Year Plan, facilities, budget process, state and federal education mandates and
other items that may arise. This would also serve as an orientation meeting for
the new Supervisors and School Board members and would also allow for the
discussion of topics. The proposed dates for this meeting are January 12, 15 and
29.
It was suggested that this meeting be held before the January 20" meeting.
After some discussion the Board by consensus decided to meet with the School Board on
January 12, 2004. Mr. Spencer will contact Dr. Krug.
Mr. Carter then called attention to the Consent Agenda: (items 9-16)
9. Approval of Bills: Bills not presented for payment at meeting.
It was suggested that the Chairman be authorized to approve bills for payment.