482
Mr. Torrence stated that he felt limiting the number of mobile homes on one lot would
help with this problem.
Mr. Carwile stated that he still had a number of concerns with this request.
Mr. Bosiger stated that he was not against affordable housing, that he had lived in a
mobile home himself, and he was not opposed to mobile homes, but he felt it was the
Board’s responsibility to consider all the citizens and to be concerned with their property
values being effected.
After discussion, Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carter that the Planning
Commission be instructed to review mobile home lot size requirements in A-1. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded the Board of the request to have Mr. Lawson look into
possible ordinance changes to protect citizens against Intensive Farming Operations. Mr.
Bosiger continued that Mr. Lawson had done this and was prepared to make
recommendations to the Planning Commission for ordinance changes if the Board so
wished. Mr. Bosiger continued that he felt a Moratorium might be in order until the
Planning Commission could have an opportunity to review the suggested changes.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to have the Planning Commission
review possible changes in the Zoning Ordinance in regards to Intensive Farming
Operations and to place a Moratorium on Intensive Farming Operations coming into the
County until the Planning Commission has the opportunity to study this matter. Vote:
Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger next reminded the Board of a request from Mr. David Nash at a prior
meeting that all streets in any Subdivision be brought up to State secondary road
standards. Mr. Bosiger asked if the other members of the Board wished for the Planning
Commission to review this matter also.
Mr. Carter made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to have the Planning Commission
review the request of Mr. David Nash, that all streets in any subdivision, regardless of lot
size, be brought up to State Secondary Road Standards, and bring their recommendation
by to the Board. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger explained that an executive session was necessary in order to discuss a
personnel matter.
At 9:22 P.M. ona motion by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter it was agreed to enter
into an executive session to discuss a personnel matter. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr.
Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.