546
and knowledge of the topic of his concern but he does not represent the
Planning Commission's view. The Planning Commission recently adopted, or
rather updated the Community Development Plan according to state
requirements. The Comp Plan is always a work in progress. During the past
year the Planning Commission began working on a Resource Conservation Plan
as an appendix to the Comp Plan. This Resource Conservation Plan was nearing
completion when the County Planner left for employment elsewhere. At the last
meeting the Planning Commission agreed to complete the Resource Conservation
Plan and also develop mini plans that address residential, commercial and
industrial growth in the designated areas and corridors of the County. It is his
understanding that the planner’s duties have been assigned to other personnel
as additional duties. It was also suggested that the Planning Commission hire a
consultant. Mr. Wilson is concerned that by eliminating the position of County
Planner, we are saving a small amount of money but overlooking the much
larger economic opportunities that are possible with the employment of a full-
time trained planner.
Another area of concern is the 460 water line issue. He agrees that the natural
tendency is for growth along US40 west but feels the water line will create
development that will be faster, more dense and the quality of the development
less desirable. Mr. Wilson concluded by saying that the Planning Commission
members are capable and concerned servants of the people. Why not give them
a full-time planner and your confidence? They can make your job easier.
Mr. Gary Warner — Freedom Ridge: Mr. Warner is presenting an update on
the Freedom Ridge Sub-division. He would like to continue with the rezoning
procedure and have this issue placed on the agenda for the next Board of
Supervisor’s meeting.
Mr. Willie Craft - Appomattox, VA: Mr. Craft reported to the Board and
those present on the “Rails to Trails” project. Norfolk Southern is getting out of
the railroad business and plans to close off the railroad tracks between Pamplin
and Burkeville. The State Park Service would like to develop this area with hiking
trails, picnic areas, etc., for public use. This was a very nice trip and he feel it is
an asset to the area.
Mr. Carter next addressed the ADMINISTRATIVE ITEMS: (Items 1-4)
1. Law Enforcement Agreement with Town of Appomattox: _ Staff
has spoken with the members of Town Council and they do not feel they
can renegotiate the terms of the agreement at this time. They have
already finished their budget process. Recommendation is that we enter
into the contract for another year and then begin negotiations in January
or February 2005.