AAT
received this information. Mr. Carwile stated if the Board committed to purchasing this
land they were also committing to another 1 % million dollars that the people were
unaware of. Mr. Carwile stated he had a responsibility to surface this matter. Mr.
Carwile stated that he did not see things in the light of Mr. Torrence’s motion. Mr.
Carwile stated that he had to do what his conscience demanded and be accountable and
face the people on an issue of spending their money. Mr. Carwile explained the I.D.A.
was not accountable but the Board of Supervisors was. He continued if the right decision
was made-good, but if the wrong decision was made-bad. Mr. Carwile stated he would
rather go down in making the right decision and that was to scale this project down. He
continued that he would rather go down with omission rather than get into something the
County could not afford. Mr. Carwile was concerned with adding more debt service to
the County. He felt he agreed with Mr. Hunter that bankruptcy could happen. Mr.
Carwile stated that he was going to ask to be recognized, and speak on there were other
options to be had that could be more affordable and bring the people together on common
ground of unity to please and appease. Mr. Carwile continued that as we look to
industrialize our County he offered a motion. He continued by addressing the Chair and
explaining that his motion was a privileged motion and that motion is, that the Board not
except the recommendation of the I.D.A. that was recommended to the Board and ask
them to give other options that are scaled down and more affordable and report back to
the Board for the Board’s consideration.
Mr. Torrence addressed the Chair and stated that he called for a point of order due to
there already being a motion on the floor. Mr. Torrence continued that he disagreed with
Mr. Carwile that you could not place a privileged motion on the floor when there was
already another motion there.
Mr. Carwile addressed Mr. Torrence and explained that a privileged motion overrides any
other main motion or any secondary motion.
At 7:52 P.M., Mr. Bosiger requested a 5-minute recess in order to review Robert’s Rules
of Order prior to making a decision in this matter.
At 8:08 P.M., Mr. Bosiger reconvened the meeting and declared that the Chair ruled that
the privileged motion was out of order and that the Board would deal with the main
motion as presented and seconded.
Mr. Torrence addressed the Chairman and stated he would like to hear Mr. Bosiger’s
views on this issue.
Mr. Bosiger began that this issue has been one that the Board of Supervisors has been
working on for a long time. Mr. Bosiger stated that prior to giving his opinion on the
industrial park, he would like to clear up one matter. He explained that all of the
members of the Board had a letter in front of them from Mayor Ronnie Spiggle addressed
to Andy Carroll, dated July 17, 1998. Mr. Bosiger read the following into the record: