571
Mr. Lloyd Cobbs came forward and stated that he was here to gain support for an AM
radio station. He continued that he felt there was a great need for a gospel station for
shut-ins in the area. Mr. Cobbs explained that he was working with local colleges in the
area in order to make this a reality. Mr. Cobb in closing explained that this would not
increase traffic in the area, nor create any additional noise. Mr. Cobb explained that he
would be upgrading the building to give it a better look.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Calvin Gray came forward and gave his address as Route 2 Box 1110, Farmville,
Virginia. Mr. Gray explained that he was pastor of New Jerusalem Baptist Church and
that he felt there was a great need for this service to the citizens. Mr. Gray explained that
this was a wholesome endeavor and that there was no local funding asked for of the
Board. Mr. Gray asked that Council support this station because he felt this would be
productive for the community. He continued that he felt this would be helpful in
spreading the gospel.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.
Mr. Jack Collins came forward and gave his address as P. O. Box 2522, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mr. Collins explained that in 1996 and 1997 he was the owner/operator of this
radio station and that in the time that he operated this station he received no negative
comments. Mr. Collins continued that the FCC had recognized a lack of gospel stations
and felt this was a good endeavor. Mr. Collins stated in closing that he supported this
petition.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments on this petition.
Hearing none, Mr. Bosiger called on Mr. Caldwell to read the next petition.
Mr. Caldwell read petition number 99-359 of Morris Heights Apartments for a variance
to rear yard setback to building as constructed. Property is Tax Map Parcel No. 64A8-1-
BKC11 and is located on Dogwood Street between Lee-Grant Avenue and Gregory
Street. Property is zoned R-2.
Mr. Bosiger called for comments on this petition.
Lisa Ellis came forward gave her address as Route 3 Box 62-N, Appomattox, Virginia
and explained that she was speaking on behalf of Morris Heights Apartments. Mrs. Ellis
explained that the original plat that was filed with the Building Inspections Department
during construction and they had assumed that the site plan was approved. Mrs. Ellis
continued that this was a technical error that had occurred in 1983 when the apartments
were constructed and that the building could not be moved so she was asking that the
Council please grant their petition.
Mr. Bosiger called for other comments.