357
Mr. Bosiger welcomed Mrs. Margie Reider and Mr. Berkley Cabiness and thanked them
for coming to meet with the Board. Mr. Bosiger continued that the Library Board had a
grave responsibility and the Board of Supervisors felt that since there were new members
on the Library Board it might be necessary to provide training as to their duties. Mr.
Bosiger stated that the Virginia State Library would come to Appomattox and provide
training for the Library Board if they would set a date.
After further discussion, Mrs. Reider and Mr. Cabiness by consensus, stated any
Thursday or Friday would be good for them for training.
Being nothing further for Mr. Cabiness and Mrs. Reider, Mr. Bosiger thanked and
excused them.
Mr. Bosiger next asked Mr. Reed Johnson, Superintendent, Appomattox Courthouse
National Historical Park, to appear before the Board.
Mr. Johnson came forward and thanked the Board for their time. Mr. Johnson continued
that his purpose for requesting an audience with the Board was to clarify the Parks
position on the proposed re-enactment scheduled for the year 2000, at the Park. Mr.
Johnson explained the reason for the charges that were given to Mr. Alan Farley and
provided other information concerning the Park Services position on re-enactments.
After discussion, Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused Mr. Johnson.
Mr. Bosiger next asked Mr. Donald R. Martin, Chief, Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department, Mr. Bennie Harvey and Mr. Buddy Green to appear before the Board.
Mr. Martin began by explaining to the Board that their reason for coming before the
Board was to request approval to order the new fire truck.
Discussion followed with financing information being provided and reviewed.
After discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to purchase a
new fire truck at a cost of $225,000.00 — pay $50,000.00 down with a portion of the
down payment coming from the sale of the old fire truck; for a term of five (5) years,
understanding that the Town has committed to % funding for the new truck. Vote: Mr.
Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger thanked and excused the members of the Appomattox Volunteer Fire
Department and called on the members of the Appomattox County School Board to
appear before the Board.
Mr. Bosiger began by welcoming the School Board members and stating the reason for
meeting with them was to review the Middle School Project.