637
should do it. He continued that he would support whatever decision the Board made but
he was in favor of renovation. Mr. Moore asked that the Board do their best to keep the
historical feeling of the community in mind when making whatever decision was
necessary. Mr. Moore continued that he felt that a referendum was a waste of time. In
closing he stated that the Board had been elected to do a job and that he expected them to
make the decision and move ahead.
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Russell Miller to come forward.
Mr. Miller gave his address as Route 2 Box 284E, Gladstone, Virginia. Mr. Miller
thanked the Board for the opportunity to address his comments to them. Mr. Miller
commended the Board for having to put up with the things that they had to deal with.
Mr. Miller continued that there were probably a lot of people in the County that were too
timid to come to a public meeting and voice their concerns. Mr. Miller stated that he felt
that he spoke for a lot of these people when he made the following comments. Mr. Miller
continued that his real estate taxes had gone up 36% from 1994 — 1997. Mr. Miller
continued that this increase covers only current expenses. Mr. Miller listed numerous
items that were not covered in the 36% increase. Mr. Miller gave some financial
information concerning the two options. Mr. Miller stated that there were a lot of people
in the County that were hurting to make ends meet. Mr. Miller asked that the Board
consider renovation rather than building a new courthouse.
Mr. Bosiger stated that these were all of the people that had signed up to speak and asked
if anyone else wished to speak at this time.
Mr. Eulantha Martin Drinkard II came forward and gave his address as Route 3,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Drinkard stated that no one had mentioned anything about
the museum. Mr. Drinkard mentioned that in some of the figures Mr. Craddock had
recommended tearing down the museum for twelve to twenty more parking spaces. Mr.
Martin stated that if the courthouse part of the present building were turned over to civic
organizations they could get grants to keep it up. Mr. Drinkard continued that you could
use the back part for all the offices that you wanted to but let the front part remain as
historical.
Mr. Bosiger called Mrs. Lisa O’Brien forward.
Mrs. O’Brien gave her address as Route 3 Box 354, Appomattox, Virginia. Mrs. O’Brien
stated that she was kind of in the middle of the road. She continued that she had listened
to both sides and still could not make a decision. Mrs. O’Brien asked if there were not
other options that would meet everyone’s expectations? Mrs. O’Brien continued that she
agreed with the statement that she did not want us to be called a backdoor courthouse.
Mr. Bosiger asked if everyone who wished to speak had done so?
Mrs. Hazel Lee Martin came forward and gave her address as Route 3, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Martin asked if Mr. Craddock could clarify several things for her. Mrs.