111
Also Mr. Carroll was instructed to give Mrs. Miller a Certification of Appreciation for the Board.
C. STEPS: Ms. Harrup of STEPS has informed the County Administrator that Mr. Jim
Smith no longer wishes to serve on their Board of Directors. She is asking that the Board
consider recommending another member of the community to serve out Mr. Smith’s term.
After some discussion Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to table this
appointment until some of those persons suggested be contacted as to their willingness to serve.
Also the Board asked Mr. Carroll to present Mr. Smith with a Certification of Appreciation for his
services to the STEPS Board of Directors. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
D. Regional Renaissance: Mrs. Barbara Bennett of the Regional Renaissance has requested
that the Board appoint a Board Member or Appomattox County citizen to this regional group.
On a motion by Mr. Kendrick seconded by Mr. Moore this issue was tabled until the next meeting.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter,
aye.
6. County W elcome Signs: Mr. Barry Sauls of the Appomattox County High S chool has
submitted possible landscaping concepts for the County welcome signs. This landscaping will be
performed by Mr. Sauls and students of his class. This includes refinishing/repairing the present
signs, as well as putting in plants and shrubs. Mr. Sauls will need to order the plants, etc within the
next month.
Mr. Carroll presented the concepts in color as opposed to the black and white copies in the Board
Book.
After some discussion, Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to let Mr. Sauls and
his class decide upon which concept they wished to use and proceed with the project. VOTE: Mr.
Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
CONSENT AGENDA: (items 7-13)
1: Approval of Bills: Bills for payment as presented.
8. Approval of Minutes: Minutes of Regular meeting and Budget Work Session of April 1,
2002; Regular Meeting and Public Hearing of April 15, 2002; Recessed Meeting of April 22,
2002; Budget Public Hearing of April 29, 2002; Regular Meeting of May 6, 2002; Recessed
Meeting of May 8, 2002; Regular Meeting and Public Hearing of May 20, 2002; Regular
Meeting and Public Hearing of June 3, 2002.°
Board Actions:
9. Festival Permit: Stonewall Vineyards is requesting to hold a festival on July 13 and July 27.
Permit fee has been submitted and they are requesting bond requirement be waived.