580
Dr. Betty Siano: In just 13 days, we will celebrate the nation’s greatest
holiday — July 4" Independence Day. Flags will fly, speeches will be made on
courthouse steps or along parade routes. Those who gave their very lives will be
honored and on the 5" of July, it will be business as usual for the concerned
citizens of Appomattox County, who continue to be assailed by promises that our
County Board of Supervisors are not committed to anything but finding a cost for
a waterline along Route 460 and therefore, we should have no fear of our
dependence on Lynchburg for water. Dependence upon anyone but ourselves,
should not be tolerated. Information gleaned by people who have a conflict of
interest in the matter should be dismissed, deleted or left out of any decision
made. The makeup of Region 2000 and the fact that Wiley & Wilson are
consulting engineers who will probably be assisting in building the waterline is
enough to make anyone quake. Mr. Armbrust, Mr. Conrad and Mr. Craft, you
could be the right men, in the right place, at the right time. You young men
have inherited much of the problems we have been discussing. Deals were made
prior to your coming on the Board, but now it is your turn to show your moral
strength, your dedication to right, your good judgment and your coolness under
pressure. You were elected to protect the citizens of the County. We should
have confidence in you and should feel very good about you. You will not be
pressured into anything. Vote your conscience so that past commitments by
others will not be blamed on you. We have petitions that are growing — we the
taxpayers are tired of the “get used to it” attitude that has been displayed in the
past. We are not going to go away, we will be back, and back, and back. This
time our independence is at stake. We will not be part of a water authority in
which Lynchburg decides how much we will pay. The taxpayers are relying on
you, Mr. Armbrust, Mr. Conrad and Mr. Craft to restore our pride, confidence and
respect for the Board of Supervisors. Make this Independence Day really
meaningful.
Mr. Jesse Rosser: Mr. Rosser began by stating he had not intended to speak
tonight but after writing so many letters in opposition to the water line — he felt
he would be remiss if he did not tell you in person that he is vehemently against
the 460 waterline. Anything else he may have to say, would just be parroting
what Dr. Siano has already said. She has basically said it all. Most of the citizens
do not want this waterline.
Mr. Frank Mara: On a lighter note, I would like for you to look into the
licensing of dog kennels. From what I understand, you can pay $25.00 and you
can have twenty (20) dogs. If you pay $35.00 and you can have fifty (50) dogs.
I think it should be up to the neighbors to see if the kennel would to be allowed.
The neighbors should have the ruling over barking dogs, especially from
midnight to 6:00 a.m. I think it is totally ridiculous that we have nothing to say.
He has a letter from one of his neighbors and he too, misses a lot of sleep
because of barking dogs. There should have to be more to getting this license