692
Mr. Carter then called for approval of the minutes of the recessed meeting of April 26,
1999.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approve the minutes of the
recessed meeting of April 26, 1999 as presented. Vote: Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Carter then called for Supervisor Concerns.
Mr. Carwile began by saying that he had a question concerning who was responsible for
the upkeep of the industrial site and the recreational site. Mr. Carwile continued that Mr.
Dale Campbell who has offered to cut the hay off the site and also bushhog the remainder
of the site for a small fee had approached him.
Mr. Carroll stated that someone interested in cutting the hay off the site had also
approached him and the I.D.A. was considering this request at this time.
Mr. Torrence suggested that whoever cuts the hay bushhog the remainder of the site at no
cost.
Mr. Carter stated that he felt the I.D.A. should take care of this matter.
Mr. Carroll stated that the County would be responsible for the 100-acre recreational site
and the I.D.A. would be responsible for the balance.
Mr. Moore stated that he did not see what difference it made who cut the hay.
Mr. Torrence suggested that Mr. Campbell be allowed to cut the hay off the 100-acre
recreational site if he will bushhog the balance at no charge.
Mr. Moore stated that he didn’t see what difference it would make if the property were
allowed to grow up.
After discussion, and by consensus of the Board, it was agreed that Mr. Carroll would
handle this for the County and the 1.D.A.
Mr. Carwile then reminded the other members of the Board that at a prior meeting they
had agreed to purchase business cards at the County’s expense.
The other members of the Board remembered this issue and agreed that any Board
member who wished to purchase business cards could do so at the County’s expense.
Mr. Carter called for other Supervisor Concerns.
Hearing none Mr. Carter turned the Boards attention to the first administrative item,
which was the appointment of citizens to the Regional Renaissance Steering Committee.