362
going in and coming out. They will not be lived in all year round. He was concerned
about the article in the newspaper stated they would operate a “Private Campground”.
They are not attempting to establish and operate a “campground’. They do not wish to be
in the campground business, advertising lots, charging fees, etc. He feels that the latest
advertisement in the local newspaper was a “paid for advertisement” to get citizens to
come out and speak against this petition. He feels this advertisement was full of very
false and misleading information to get people to request that this petition not be granted.
Mr. Moseley stated he was already operating a family business and had no intentions of
operating another business. He thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Stidham called for comments against this petition.
Ms. Deborah DuPont, Route 1, Box 2325, Spout Spring, Va. Ms. DuPont stated she had
placed the ad in the newspaper so everyone would be aware of what the potential risks of
this community going in Spout Springs. According to the Code of Virginia §35.11 —a
camping community is defined as a “campground” if it consists of 3 or more campers.
Therefore, this proposed community would be a campground. It would be difficult to
regulate this type of community because it is meant to be private.
Ms. DuPont questioned, if there was not a sewer system, where will these units dump
their sewerage. It does not seem feasible for two (2) families to provide water, sewer and
electricity for these 15 campers without charging some type of fee. Transient people
coming and going over the weekends do not benefit the County. This seems to her to be
similar to a mobile home park. There are already three (3) regulated campgrounds
located in Appomattox County. This appears to be a self-serving entity just for these few
people and does not generate any tax base for the County.
Mr. Stidham called for other comments against this petition.
Ms. Linda Waller, Route 1, Box 2786, Spout Springs, Va. Ms. Waller lives on Route 647
immediately adjacent to the property in question. She also has a letter from Norma
Johnson who also owns property in this area. They are both opposed to this campground.
She built her home 13 years ago and has worked very hard to maintain her privacy and
quiet. She does not stay in the house all the time, she uses all of her land. She hunts and
shoots on her property. She is most opposed to the travel, noise and increased people.
She has animal pens on the back of her property. She is concerned that there people
coming in for the weekend will allow their animals to run loose and harm hers.
She is concerned about this property being re-zoned because it opens up the possibility of
permanent campgrounds in the future.
Ms. Ann Riley was the next person to come forward. M s. Riley gave her address as
Route 3, Box 329, Appomattox, Va. in the Oakville community. She has ties with
Paradise Lake Campground. She has issues with public safety- fire and police. Will there
be fire hydrants or a water source in case of emergencies. Most campers carry propane