578
Stonewall Vineyard is requesting a Musical Entertainment permit for Saturday,
June 19, 2004. Everything appears to be in order, they were just late in
submitting their request.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve Stonewall
Vineyard’s request for a Musical Entertainment permit and waive the bond for
Saturday, June 19, 2004. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
The Virginia Association of Counties will hold their annual conference on
November 7-9, 2004 at the Homestead. They are holding rooms for our County
and we need to let them know if anyone will be attending. Be prepared to give
Ms. Ferguson an answer at the June 21° meeting. She feels this is a worth-while
meeting for Board members to attend.
There was a lot of discussion regarding the Commissioner of Revenue’s request
for a new position.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to not approve a new
position for the Commissioner of Revenue’s Office. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye;
Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye
votes)
A change order for tile in the communications room at the new courthouse in
the amount of $617.00 has been received. This tile is necessary because of
friction. Mr. Moore is recommending that this change order be approved.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve a change
order in the amount of $617.00 for tile to be installed in the communications
room. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore,
aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Craft made a motion, seconded by Mr. Conrad, to reduce the School Board
Budget by $233,000.00. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft,
aye, Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
There was some discussion regarding the use of Grant funds for the Region 2000
Water Study project. Ms. Ferguson will check into this and get back to the Board
at a later date.
There was a lengthy discussion about the misconceptions the citizens form after
reading articles in the newspaper.