532
nice. She decided to not present her questions but to present the questions that
were being asked of her today. She has six (6) questions:
1. If or when you pipe water from Lynchburg, won't it also be necessary to
address the issue of sewers and sewage? Is this waste water going to be
shipped back to Lynchburg to be cleaned up again? Is this a two-way
street arrangement, or will it be necessary to build a new sewage
purification plant at an additional cost to the citizens of the County and
Town because the Town’s sewer system will not be able to handle the
County sewage as it presently exists?
What will the average hook-up costs per household be?
Lot of our citizens think they will not have to hook-up to this water system
because of where they live in the county. We all know there is no truth to
that. When this line comes through, everyone will have to hook-up,
whether they like it or not. There will be an individual cost to every
taxpayer and bringing the line in is just be beginning. When people have
to pay another $1000 or $1500 to hook into the line, you are going to
hear a lot of misery. What about the senior citizens or others who just
cannot afford to do this? If the Board has a plan, it must be a well kept
secret.
Indebtedness? The Courthouse, The Industrial Park - The County of
Appomattox already has enough indebtedness to insure a bankruptcy if
the furniture factory went under. We keep hearing that the Industrial
Park will not come to a reality unless and until we have adequate water.
Region 2000 has not given Appomattox one new business or any
indication of a possibility of any industry coming. What assurance do we
have that after bring the water line down, things will change any? I have
not heard anyone talk about the cost to Campbell County for their share
of the line or is Appomattox going to pay for all of it? Dr. Siano asked the
Board if any of them had seen the recent issue of Region 2000 magazine.
She was thoroughly disgusted, there was not one mention of anything
about Appomattox in the entire publication, and yet we pay them
thousands of dollars and they blow their horn about everyone else and
everything else.
Has the Board of Supervisors had a licensed geological expert give an
opinion on the possibility of an Aquifer or locating Aquifers in this area?
She mentioned that she had heard the owner of the berry farm on
Oakleigh Avenue said he could get 100 gallons of water a minute, and he
is in the town limits. If this is true, there may be a big aquifer in his area.
We all know there is no aquifer in the area of the industrial park.