76
At 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, May 8, 2002 the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
reconvened a recessed meeting from May 6, 2002 at the Appomattox County Courthouse
Courthouse Square, Court Street, Appomattox, Va. 24522
2
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman - Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock - Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile - Wreck Island District
Russell H. Moore - Piney Mountain District
Jerry G. Kendrick - Appomattox River District
ALSO PRESENT: Andy Carroll - County Administrator
Dan Siegel, Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Lee Byrd, Attorney - Sands, Anderson, Marks & Miller
Hal Craddock - Craddock-Cunningham Architectural Partnership
At 6:32 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter stated that a closed session was necessary to discuss a legal issue - Courthouse
litigation.
At 6:33 p.m. Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to go into closed session in
order to discuss matters exempt under section ยง2.2-3711 A. 7 of the Code of Virginia,
Consultation with legal counsel on Courthouse litigation. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
At 8:27 p.m. on a motion by Mr. Moore seconded by Mr. Kendrick the Board returned to regular
session. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter then read the following Certifying Motion:
Whereas, this Board convened in a closed meeting under section 2.2-3711 A. 7, Of the
Code of Virginia for the purpose of legal consultation regarding Courthouse litigation.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from the
lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were heard,
discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye;
Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter asked there was any action to be taken as a result of the closed session.
With regrets Mr. Kendrick made a motion to reject the recommendation of the joint architectural