210
2. Request for Proposal — Legal Services: Draft RFP for legal services and time
schedule is presented to the Board for approval.
Mr. Kendrick stated the RFP seemed to be in order but he would like to see a job
description added to this proposal.
It was the consensus of the Board to add a job description to the RFP.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to proceed with the advertisement
of the RFP for legal services. VOTE: Mr. Kendrick, aye; Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr.
Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
3. Nesbe Cable: This item was tabled from the last meeting. N esbe Franchise
Agreement was provided in December 16" Board Packet.
Mr. Carwile stated that he needed time to digest what Mr. Wilson had presented to the
Board tonight. He also called upon Mr. Danny Jobe, General Manager of NESBE to
present his comments for the providing of this channel to the county.
Mr. Jobe stated that in terms of providing this service to the county, there would be no
problem. They do have the channel capacity in Appomattox County. His only concern is
where do we put this channel and how do we get the signal. The present signal emanates
from Rustburg. He does not see any problems other than a few minor technical
difficulties if the county is willing to purchase the equipment necessary to put this
channel on the air.
Mr. Carter stated he understood the Town of Appomattox had the capability already set
up to encompass all of this and it takes m anpower to incorporate what Mr. Wilson is
talking about.
Mr. Jobe commented that it will take man hours to enter into the system The amount
depends on what you plan to do. He also suggested that we enter into an agreement with
the Town to do this.
After a lengthy discussion on what was involved and how many customers would
actually benefit from this service, Mr. Kendrick suggested that we table this for the
present time.
4. Actions Committee: The ACTIONS Committee is prepared to sell property located
on Route 604. This property was donated with the intended purpose of using the
proceeds of the sale of this property to build/improve the athletic facilities at the high
school. The County must schedule a Public Hearing regarding the disposition of this
property for Tuesday February 18" in order to meet the ACTIONS committee’s plan
for auctioning this property on Wednesday, March 19" at 12:30 p.m.