4.
378
3. Courthouse Change Order Procedures: It became apparent during the early
portion of construction and through the court hearing on September 25, that it will
be extremely important that unexpected items that may result in change orders will
need to be addressed in an expeditious manner. To this end, staff is requesting that
the Board authorize the Courthouse Committee to take the appropriate action on
these items as they arise. The Committee has agreed to perform this function should
the Board so agree. Mr. Moore represents the Board on this committee. The
committee did an outstanding job on the design portion of the building and has
continued to be an integral to the success of the construction process.
Staff r ecommends that the Board authorize the Courthouse Committee to act on
Change Orders for the Courthouse project to expedite the process in order to avoid
unnecessary delays.
Mr. Kendrick stated he could understand the change orders, but has some questions
regarding the monetary factors involved. Other members agreed.
Mr. Moore stated that the Judge is very adamant about the time involved in getting this
project completed.
Mr. Overstreet stated you can name someone to have the authority to act as agent for the
Board to make decisions on the change orders, but still there is no money appropriated
and there cannot bean expenditure until the Board appropriates the money.
After much discussion, the consensus of the Board was to have change order come before
the Board of Supervisors and if a special meeting is required to expedite the process, one
will be called.
Route 614 Resolution of Support: At its last meeting the Board instructed staff to
prepare a resolution of support for the Route 614 improvement project.
Mr. Carwile made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to adopt the following resolution of
support:
WHEREAS, the Virginia Department of Transportation held a design public
hearing on August 28, 2003, to receive comments and/or suggestions regarding the
Route 641 (Church Street) projects 0641-006-137, M502 and 0641-165-137, M501.
These adjacent projects begin at Route 719 and end at 0.08 mile east of the west
corporate limits of the Town of Appomattox.
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Secondary Road Six-Year Plan 2003-04
includes these improvements.
WHEREAS, these projects will improve the safety and traffic flow on Church
Street by improving horizontal alignment, and increasing vertical sight distance and
widening of the existing pavement;