169
(courthouse litigation)”, Aubrey R. Padgett, III vs. Board of Supervisors (FOIA) and
“O’Brien et.al. vs. Board of Supervisors (biosolids regulation)” and also for consultation
with legal counsel concerning the county contracts with Craddock-Cunningham
Architectural partners and E-911 consultants. Also enter into a closed meeting in
accordance with §2.2-3711(A) 1 and 5 of the Code of Virginia for the purpose of
discussing personnel issues involving an appointee and employee of the Board, and the
purpose of discussing a prospective business where no previous announcement has been
made of the business’ interest in locating in the community.
And whereas, no member has made a statement that there was a departure from
the lawful purpose of such closed meeting or the matters identified in the motion were
discussed.
Now be it certified, that only those matters as were identified in the motion were
heard, discussed or considered in the meeting.
I call the question: ROLL CALL VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter moved to the Administrative Items:
1. Action from Closed Session: Mr. Carter asked if there was any action to be
taken as a result of the closed meeting.
5. State Budget Cuts: The Governor has announced the first round of budget cuts
and staff is requesting guidance as to whether it intends to provide local funds to
pay for these cuts.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion that in order to act in the best interest of the County and to
protect the local revenue flow the Board supplement the state cuts in Constitutional
Officers budgets, minus the budgeted amount for Temporary Employees. Mr. Carwile
seconded the motion.
Mr. Carroll asked ifthe Board wanted to include the other cuts included in Item 5.
Basically what we have left is nearly $5,000 for the Library; an unknown figure for
Social Services and the Electoral Board Salaries.
A lengthy discussion followed. Also there may be additional cuts in December. We do
not want to set a precedent. Do not intend to fund any other cuts. (Library, Social
Services, Electoral Board.)
Mr. Carter called for a vote on the motion before the Board: VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
2. Transfer of School Property: A Public Hearing was held in accordance with the
Code of Virginia and now official action to transfer the property, for the new
Appomattox Elementary School, to the Appomattox County School Board as
described in the deed can be taken by the Board of Supervisors.