67
to reverse so much of the progress this school system has made over the years and a system for
which each citizen should be proud. We do not want to cut jobs, programs or services, but we
are not given the choice. We will be making some extremely difficult decisions in the next few
weeks for which our children and our community will suffer. Any reconsideration you can give
us will be greatly appreciated.
Mr. Brett Thompson of 130 Walton Place, Appomattox came forward.
Mr. Thompson stated he was there both as a parent and as President of the Chamber of
Commerce. By cutting the school budget you are sending the wrong message to not only the
citizens in our community but in other communities, to other prospective residents, new
businesses that might think about moving here. One of the things they look at are the school
system and you are sending the wrong message by cutting the school budget. You are taking a
step backwards. He questioned what was being done to increase revenue. Instead of “trying to
see what will fit into the shoe, we need to get a bigger shoe.” The Chamber is actively trying to
promote economic development and tourism. We see that as something that has to be done, we
are losing business and losing taxes. We have got to do something to move forward, we cannot
continue to stay the same. The Chamber made a commitment to hire an Executive Tourism
Director and we are in the process of doing that. We have gone through the interview process
and hope to make an announcement within the week. We could use the Board of Supervisor’s
help. Do not look at this request as an expense, but rather look at it as an investment.
Mr. Evans Thomas of Route 4, Box 227, Appomattox was next to speak.
Mr. Thomas stated he was wearing two hats tonight. He is speaking as Vice-President of the
Chamber of Commerce and also as the Commissioner of Accounts for Appomattox County.
They are asking the Board to make an investment by funding the Chamber’s budget request as
this is something they have taken the lead on as suggested by the Board sometime ago, when the
Board voted to fund a Tourism Director position. They are in the process of rising funds to go
with the county’s portion. As Commissioner of Accounts, he did not submit a request for funds.
Mr. Carter called the last speaker, Mr. Wayne Childs, P. O. Box 926, Route 669, Concord, Va.
Mr. Childs stated he has one concern that has to do with the supplement to the SOQ. The
$803,155. The statement had been made that there was no justification to this. There is plenty of
justification for dozen or so SOQ programs. That money is needed and can be used anywhere,
especially for the kids. If you cancel programs, we end up with kids on the streets. We would
rather see our kids on the courts instead of in the courts.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone wished to speak that did not sign up to do so.
At 7:00 p.m. Mr. Carter closed the public hearing.
AQ@musl) 2. Cato
Samuel E. Carter, Chairman