271
Mr. Shields stated Davenport had put together a booklet that hits upon all the fine
points of their findings and analysis. This packet should give them enough
information to make an educated and informed decision on which way to go.
They issued an RFP on behalf of the County to some twenty-one (21) banks and
lending agencies in the surrounding areas and received five (5) bids: Central
National Bank of Lynchburg gave the most competitive bid. Sun Trust, BB&T,
Wachovia and The Bank of the James were the other bidders. A summary of the
bids was given to the Board.
Mr. Shields explained the different lengths and interest rates of various types of
loans. He stated the most important thing to remember about both the Courthouse
and the Refunding issue is that your typical lease revenue bonds will require a
debt-service reserve fund security. The best part about the Central National Bank
bid is that you do not have to have a debt-service reserve fund security.
Mr. Shields explained the different scenarios presented in the analysis.
A questions and answer period involving both the Board of Supervisors and the
Industrial Development Authority followed.
Staff had recommended that the Board determine the following:
1) Amount to be financed: $5.04 million or $5.290 million.
2) Term length (15 or 20 years) to finance the Courthouse project.
3) Approve the Resolution for the financing.
Mr. Kendrick suggested that the Board consider the 20 year note of $5.29 million
as it has a good financing rate and there may be some contingencies such as
repairs to the present Courthouse and the Old Jail so they will not be an eyesore
around the new building. This will allow us the freedom to repair some things
that are in need of repair, and to double up on payments or pay off the note in its
entirety if so desired without penalty. This will give us the best of both worlds and
is a blessing.
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to borrow $5,290,000 for a
period of 20 years (1 year interest). VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye;
Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
Mr. Kendrick made a motion seconded by Mr. Moore to refund the IDA 1998
Bond issue. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye.
Mr. Carter next asked Mr. Dan Siegel, County Attorney to explain the
Resolutions for both the Board of Supervisors and the Industrial Development
Authority regarding the financing plans for the Courthouse project and the 1998
Revenue Bonds.