27
The next person to address the Board was Ms. Sharon Harrup of S.T.E.P.S. in Farmville.
Ms. Harrup is requesting $6,000 from the County of Appomattox this year, based upon direct
services to Appomattox County residents. They are very appreciative of the support they have
received in the past. Last year they served 7 adults from our area who have disabilities. This is
an increase by two over the past years. They also serve two students from our school as clients.
She stated we should be very proud of our school system because they do work with these
disabled students.
Ms. Harrup stated they were very much affected by September 11" as they have several contracts
with the U. S. Government and some of the contracts were up for renewal at that time and were
not signed until several weeks later.
They also have 23 Appomattox County residents in their welfare to work program. These people
are working and could possibly come off welfare status with no cost to our Social Services
Department.
Ms. Harrup invited the board to visit their facilities between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 3:30 p.m.
on Monday thru Friday.
Mr. Carter called Mr. Brett Thompson of the Appomattox Chamber of Commerce to appear
before the Board.
Mr. Thompson announced that Jon Montgomery is retiring and the Board decided to step forward
and move to the next level in the area of economic development. He presented the Board with
their marketing plan for 1995 in which they stated their goal of hiring a Tourism Director.
They are again proposing this idea. They need someone to direct full time to the economic
development and tourism of Appomattox. Most of our surrounding towns and counties already
have a full time Tourism Director and they are getting things done. The Chamber also needs
someone to rally the business community, research grant funds available and work closely with
the Town and County leaders in getting the most from the tourism market. Tourism is a major
part of the business community.
The Chamber is starting a Corporate Sponsorship program - asking our biggest businesses to
become sponsors for a donation of $1,000. They are also requesting $30,000 in funds from the
County.
The next speaker was Ms. Ruth Heim - Interpreting Translation Services.
Ms. Heim is an advocate, interpreter, and translator for the Court System. She has also started an
ESL (English as a Second Language) program. Ms. Heim went on to explain that there are
329,000 Spanish speaking individuals in Virginia, and over 2,000 in the 7 counties surrounding
Appomattox. Ms. Heim informed the Board of the many various things that are published in