260
On Monday, April 28, 2003 at 6:30 p.m. the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors
held a Budget Work Session in the Appomattox Town Council Chamber at the
Appomattox Town Office located on Linden Street, Appomattox, Va.
PRESENT: Samuel E. Carter, Chairman — Courthouse District
Jesse L. Hancock — Falling River District
Frank H. Carwile — Wreck Island District
Jerry G. Kendrick — Appomattox River District
Russell H. Moore — Piney Mountain District (arrived at 6:35 p.m.)
ALSO PRESENT:
Andy Carroll — County Administrator
At 6:31 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the recessed meeting and gave the invocation.
Mr. Carter welcomed everyone to the meeting and stated he would stick as close to the
agenda as possible.
Mr. Carter first called the Appomattox County School Board.
Mr. Lannis Selz, Vice-Chair spoke for the School Board. They have a couple of items
they would like to discuss with the Board regarding the school budget. They had put
together what they felt was the right budget, a minimum budget that they felt they could
operate with and the proposed County budget was about $260,000 short of that amount.
The School Board understands the issues related to the finances of the County. We are
all taxpayers ourselves as well as our friends, neighbors and relatives. We know what the
issues are. We also recognize the basic issue of how we are able to finance systems,
especially in the State of Virginia. Appomattox is a small rural county, but not a
relatively poorer county than its neighbors. The average family income for Appomattox
is somewhat higher than some of our neighbors, but equal to some of the others. But this
does not help when it comes to financing the schools.
They have also tried to make sure everyone is operating on the same data. We hear a lot
about what is spent on administration. About seven (7) cents out of every dollar they
receive goes to administration, leaving ninety-three (93) cents going to instruction and
maintenance. We have fewer professionals in the central office than any of our
surrounding counties. They are also the lowest paid around. We are proud of the fact
that these people choose to work in Appomattox County.
They also want to make sure that all of the people being paid with taxpayers money are
treated fairly, and by the same standards. (The County has an approximately 3% raise
for County employees and will continue paying Health Insurance at about 15% increase.)
The School budget ranges from about 2% increase for administrative personnel and an
average of 2.6% for teachers. Also a 3% increase to health insurance contribution.
(Actual figure submitted in budget request is 13.3%)