207
John Spencer — Assistant County Administrator
Brandon Stidham — County Planner
At 6:30 p.m. Mr. Carter opened the meeting and asked Mr. Moore to give the invocation.
Mr. Carter stated the first item on the Agenda was the Citizen Comment Period:
Mr. John Wilson came forward. His subject of discussion was Citizen Interest/Apathy.
He has on numerous occasions heard that the people do not care and they will not get
involved or educate themselves in public issues. Some officials and some citizens may
have concluded that most of the citizens want no part in deciding their own affairs. They
may feel that you were elected and or paid to act as county officials on their behalf. If
this is true they have completely misunderstood the democratic system. He stated
Appomattox County needs to be more proactive in involving the community in issues
such as the new school and the courthouse project. He also gave a short history of what
the intent of our forefathers was in establishing this County.
Mr. Wilson also addressed the Cable TV system. He proposed that the Board of
Supervisors secure the exclusive use of a public service channel. This service can be
obtained with little or no cost to the county. Mr. Wilson provided the Board members
with documentation of this service.
Mr. Garet Bosiger came forward and thanked the Board of Supervisors for not taking any
further action on the hunting regulations. Mr. Bosiger stated several hunting
organizations in the County believe in hunting with dogs. They feel that in the future the
right to hunt with dogs will be assailed in our area, in Virginia, and in the eastern United
States. He and the other hunters in the county appreciate the stand you have taken and
urge you to be aware of those who will approach you seeking more and more regulations.
Mr. Carter asked if anyone else present wished to address the Board.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Paul Lee of Robinson, Farmer, Cox to address the Board
regarding the audit report for FY 2002.
Mr. Lee stated the balance of the County’s fund was in the neighborhood of $3.56 million
and within the 15% range, and in level with the overall budget. Tax collection is up this
year, about 98.95%. There were no problems with the audit. Next year the fixed assets
will change. The report will be more of a business model as opposed to the governmental
model used now. This report will include buildings, vehicles, schools, buses, etc. as well
as property.
Mr. Kendrick questioned why the change. Mr. Lee replied, the change is required by the
GASB (General Accounting Standards Board). He would just as soon leave it as it is.
Mr. Carwile stated he had heard rumors that the County was in a financial crisis, but from
what he could see in the Audit Report this was not so. Mr. Lee stated the County is not in