203
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF
SUPERVISORS OF APPOMATTOX COUNTY, VIRGINIA, AS FOLLOWS:
Section 1. The Board hereby declares, in accordance with U.S. Treasury
Regulation Section 1.150-2, as amended from time to time, the County's intent to
reimburse the County with the proceeds of the Bonds for the Expenditures with respect to
the Project made on and after November 7, 2002, which date is no more than 60 days
prior to the date hereof. The County reasonably expects on the date hereof that it will
reimburse the Expenditures with the proceeds of the Bonds.
Section 2. Each Expenditure was and will be either (a) of a type properly
chargeable to capital account under general federal income tax principles (determined in
each case as of the date of the Expenditures), (b) a cost of issuance with respect to the
Bonds, (c) a nonrecurring item that is not customarily payable from current revenues, or
(d) a grant to a party that is not related to or an agent of the County so long as such grant
does not impose any obligation or condition (directly or indirectly) to repay any amount
to or for the benefit of the County.
Section 3. The maximum principal amount of the Bonds expected to be
issued for the Project is $262,500.
Section 4. The County will make a reimbursement allocation, which is a
written allocation by the County that evidences the County's use of proceeds of the Bonds
to reimburse an Expenditure, no later than 18 months after the later of the date on which
the Expenditure is paid or the Project is placed in service or abandoned, but in no event
more than three years after the date on which the Expenditure is paid. The County
recognizes that exceptions are available for certain "preliminary expenditures," costs of
issuance, certain de minimis amounts, expenditures by "small issuers" (based on the year
of issuance and not the year of expenditure) and expenditures for construction projects of
at least 5 years.
Section 5. This resolution shall take effect immediately upon its passage.
VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; Mr. Kendrick, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. Board of Building Code Appeals: Two members of the Board of Building
Code Appeals terms expired on December 31, 2002. Staff recommends that Earl
Dickerson and Robert Childress be re-appointed for another three year term to
expire on December 31, 2005.
Mr. Moore made a motion seconded by Mr. Kendrick to reappoint Mr. Earl Dickerson
and Mr. Robert Childress to the Board of Building Code Appeals for another three year
term to expire on December 31, 2005. VOTE: Mr. Hancock, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr.
Kendrick, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes).