364
They think this building should serve as a focal point for the community. This can be
accomplished by increasing economic growth, tourism and by expanding the educational
opportunities for the citizens of our community as well as those of surrounding counties
by establishing an other community center and museum in the county. These are just a
few of the uses for the former Carver-Price School. They are excited the Central Virginia
Community College is interested in operating a satellite campus in Appomattox. This
historical building is ideally suited for this project. This alumni association is requesting
that this facility be re-named the Carver-Price Educational Complex.
Mr. Kendrick stated that he is on the Elementary School Committee and fully supports
the efforts of the Alumni Association in preserving this building.
Mr. Carter next called Mr. Stan Shoun, Vice President of Workforce Development-
CVCC to address the Board. Mr. Shoun along with Mr. Bill Spruill and Ms. Kim Ray
will discuss their interest in the development of off campus programs in Appomattox.
Ms. Kim Ray asked that Ms. Anne Dixon — Director of Parks, Recreation and Tourism
explain how all of this came about. Ms. Dixon stated she is 100% in support of this
program. She had attended CVCC for two years for an Associate Degree. This type of
program would open up a chance for many of our citizens to continue their education that
otherwise may not have the opportunity to do so.
Mr. Stan Shoun stated that Dr. Darrel Staadt, President of CVCC came to the institution
about four years ago with a vision — a simple vision of taking the college back to the
community. It sounds easy but it is not as easy as it sounds. They now have two (2)
satellite campuses in operation in Altavista and Brookneal. They are ready to break
ground on another one in Bedford in the next 2 to 3 weeks. These operations are based
on what the community wants and needs. His job is to work with the community to
determine what their wants and needs are. Prospective businesses are looking for trained
workers. In the future, 75% of the work forces will want and need a 2 year degree in
college education. Last year alone, 431 students from Appomattox attended higher
education institutions with 220 of those attending CVCC. Mr. Shoun thanked the Board
for allowing him to speak with them tonight.
Ms. Kim Ray stated she was the product of a satellite campus and is also receiving an
advanced degree. She is also an instructor in junior college therefore, she is looking at
this from both the student’s and instructor’s point of view. The #1 factor in a continued
education is convenience. Ms. Ray is encouraging the Board of Supervisors to work with
CVCC to open a satellite campus in Appomattox.
Mr. Carter thanked Mr. Shoun and Ms. Ray for their presentations.
Mr. Carter stated that they have heard from Mr. Robinson, and the representatives of
CVCC regarding the establishment of a satellite campus in Appomattox, possibly
utilizing the Carver-Price Elementary School. It was the consensus of the Board that the
requests be sent to the Elementary School Committee.