So
immediate water service for the corridor from Concord to Appomattox. This
corridor is the best location in the county for development and a way to increase
our tax base. It also provides the potential utilization of more water than the
other alternatives.
Based on their study, they would make the following recommendations: The
scenario involving a water line from the City of Lynchburg along the Route 460
corridor including portions of Campbell County and Appomattox County should
be pursued. This line would provide water from the City of Lynchburg, which in
turn would be purchased by Campbell County and Appomattox. Achievement of
this project will require considerable amount of funding, probably from a
number of agencies. Appomattox, being the prime recipient of water, needs to
take the lead. It is also recommended that Appomattox seek the backing of both
Campbell County and the City of Lynchburg for this project. This will make the
project a regional objective and increase the potential for themselves.
There was a period of questions and answers regarding the cost of water,
construction of reservoirs, who would be in control of this project- PSA or other?
Also, what impact would a sever drought have on this supply of water? There
should be no impact whatsoever.
Mr. Spiggle stated that we have been talking about this for a long time. We
need to decide if we want to do this or not. At this time, the Town is willing to
join the County if this the way they want to go. But, we need to look into this
now, if we are going this route. It takes time to apply for grant funds and then
when enough funding is secured, the planning and the construction will take
some time.
Mr. Carter stated that once the Water Study Committee got into this project, we
soon decided we needed to have a Project Coordinator. Neither the County nor
the Town had one. We needed somebody that could obtain grants, make the
necessary contacts, which were very important in helping with the project. The
most logical choice, because of past history, was the Regional Commission.
Some of the projects the Region 2000 Regional Commission (PDC) has helped
with in the past are:
e 1997 — Secured DHCD Grant for sewer lines for Meadowlark
Subdivision ($700,000)
e Developed the County Comprehensive Plan in 1996
e Obtained two (2) Planning Grants for the Town of Pamplin
($50,000)
e Transportation Grant for Downtown Appomattox
e Rural Development Grant —- Pamplin 2003 ($400,000)
e DHCD Grant for Pamplin (approximately $1,000,000)