335.
dealership. Mr. Selz stated this business would be low volume and low profile with no
change to the present business. He continued that he did not feel the character of things
would change due to this use. Mr. Selz asked the Board for a favorable decision for the
Conners’ and thanked the Board for their time.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Eugene Terkelson came forward and gave his address as Highland Avenue,
Appomattox, Virginia. Mr. Terkelson stated he was opposed to a car dealership on Court
Street due to the historical nature of Appomattox.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. James Moore came forward and gave his address as High Street. Mr. Moore stated
he had lived on High Street for 28 years and did not want any type business there. Mr.
Moore asked that the petition to be denied.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. June Chenault came forward and gave her address as High Street. Mrs. Chenault
stated she had lived on High street for 36 years and that it has always been a nice, safe,
secure, residential area. Mrs. Chenault asked that the petition be denied.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mrs. Nancy Lawson came forward and gave her address as Route 4 Box 15, Appomattox,
Virginia. Mrs. Lawson stated that she did not feel this area was the place for B-1 zoning.
Mrs. Lawson stated she felt considering Appomattox was an historical town she felt this
street was no place for this type business. Mrs. Lawson concluded that she did not feel
this would be an asset on the street and therefore she requested the Council deny this
request.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Bob Scherle came forward and gave his address as Virginia Avenue. Mr. Scherle
stated he is concerned with his property being devalued if this zoning change is granted.
Mr. Scherle is also concerned with compromising the historical value of the Town. Mr.
Scherle questioned whether the Council could impose restrictions if the property is
rezoned to B-1. Mr. Scherle then thanked the Board for their patience.
Mr. Paulette called for other comments.
Mr. Frank Banko came forward and stated his address as 402 Court Street. Mr. Banko
continued that he was speaking on behalf of himself and his wife. Mr. Banko stated he
wanted to protect his property, therefore, he is opposed to the rezoning.