583
participatein the celebnation.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Craft, to adopt the above resolution
in support of the Community of Evergreen celebrating its 150" Anniversary.
VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr. Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and
Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6. E-911 Communications Center Coordinator and _ Payroll
Clerk/Office Assistant Job Descriptions: On June 15TM each Board
member was given a copy of each of these job descriptions for review,
approval and for inclusion in the Personnel Policies and Procedures Manual
for Appomattox County. The E-911 Communications Center Coordinator
would be entered in the pay scale at a grade 21. The Payroll Clerk/Office
Assistant would be entered in the pay scale at a grade 8.
Mr. Conrad made a motion, seconded by Mr. Armbrust, to approve the job
descriptions and pay scale for the E-911 Communications Center Coordinator and
the Paryoll Clerk/Office Assistant as presented. VOTE: Mr. Armbrust, aye; Mr.
Conrad, aye; Mr. Craft, aye; Mr. Moore, aye; and Mr. Carter, aye. (5 aye votes)
6A. Carver- Price Alumni Association: Ms. Ferguson informed the Board
that the Alumni Association has asked to be allowed to do tours of the
school on their week-end event that was approved at the last meeting.
One person would be responsible for these tours and make sure
everything was kept in order. The Alumni Association did these tours last
year.
The Board agreed by consensus to allow tours during the Carver-Price All School
Reunion.
6B. Old Appomattox Elementary School Agreement: You have a
handout that lists seven (7) different items from the School Board that the
County Administrator and the County Attorney worked with them in
regard to this agreement. Under #2 — change the word “ship” to “shop”.
Mr. Carter had one thing he wanted to inquire about - #7 School Board
will not be responsible for the property or liability insurance, upkeep,
maintenance or utility costs of the buildings or grounds effective July 1,
2004. What he would like to see, with the Board’s recommendation is, if
the School has the resources and the equipment that they continue to
mow the grass or lawn maintenance, for the time frame stated - 3 12
years.