483
On a motion by Mr. Torrence at 9:32 P.M. seconded by Mr. Carter it was resolved the
Board of Supervisors return to regular session. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye;
Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
On a motion made by Mr. Torrence seconded by Mr. Carter the following resolution was
adopted:
WHEREAS, the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors has convened an
executive meeting this date pursuant to an affirmative recorded vote and in
accordance with the provisions of the Virginia Freedom of Information Act; and
WHEREAS, Section 2.1-344, of the Code of Virginia, 1950, as amended
requires a certification by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors that such
executive meeting was conducted in conformity with Virginia Law:
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Appomattox County Board of
Supervisors hereby certified that, to the best of each member’s knowledge, (I)
only public business matters lawfully exempted from open meeting require-
ments by Virginia law were discussed in the executive meeting to which this
certification motion applies, and (ii) only such executive matters were heard;
discussed or considered by the Appomattox County Board of Supervisors.
Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter, aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if there were any action necessary from the executive session.
Mr. Torrence made a motion seconded by Mr. Carwile to offer Ms. Alice Rockefeller full
time employment at the landfill at $5.75 per hour. Vote: Mr. Bosiger, aye; Mr. Carter,
aye; Mr. Carwile, aye; Mr. Torrence, aye.
Mr. Bosiger asked if anyone had anything they would like to bring up?
Mr. Carwile stated that Mrs. Hamlett, Clerk to General District Court, concerning a
request for a telephone system, had approached him.
Mrs. Ferguson was asked to contact Mrs. Hamlett and obtain all the information
pertaining to this request.
Mr. Moore rejoined the meeting.
Mr. Bosiger asked Mr. Moore if the Planning Commission had recommended the petition
for Everette & Sherry Shober for approval?
Mr. Moore confirmed that this petition had been recommended for approval.
Mr. Moore then made a motion seconded by Mr. Torrence to approved petition 98-348 of
Everette and Sherry Shober to rezone property from A-1 to B-1 with conditional use for
automobile restoration and sales. Property is part of Tax Map Parcel #90-7-C and is