561
Mr. Jones gave his address as Route 1, Spout Spring, Virginia. Mr. Jones began by
saying that the proposed changes were a bunch of bull. Mr. Jones continued that he felt
the Board of Supervisors was going overboard. Mr. Jones stated that he felt that the
Board had one situation to take care of and that they were going overboard by looking at
bigger counties and trying to model ourselves after them. Mr. Jones continued that if
these changes had been in effect when he graduated from high school he would not be
living in the County today because there would be no way he could afford it. Mr. Jones
continued that he started out in a trailer and now owned a home worth about one hundred
thousand dollars. Mr. Jones in closing stated that he was looking after his kids down the
road.
Mr. Bosiger called on Mrs. Joy Purcell to come forward.
Mrs. Purcell came forward and gave her address as Route 1 Box 1432, Spout Spring,
Virginia. Mrs. Purcell began that she felt the citizens were tricked into zoning. Mrs.
Purcell continued that she felt that she was in a catch 22 situation because she lived in the
country and didn’t want to see a lot of 1 acre lots but she did feel the Board had
responded to the situation with a “knee jerk” reaction. Mrs. Purcell continued that she
was not against people living in mobile homes and felt that restrictions could be made to
mobile home parks not necessarily on everyone. Mrs. Purcell in closing stated that she
felt peoples major concern was with the run down condition of some mobile homes.
Mr. Bosiger recognized Mr. Michael Carwile.
Mr. Carwile came forward and gave his address as Route 727, Appomattox, Virginia.
Mr. Carwile stated that he owned land in both Campbell and Appomattox Counties and it
was easier on him in Campbell County. Mr. Carwile continued that he started out in a
mobile home and if he had had to have a five-acre lot he wouldn’t be where he is now.
Mr. Bosiger then recognized Mr. Jack Wayne Burks.
Mr. Burks came forward and gave his address as Route 3, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Burks began by saying that the Board of Supervisors had a terrible problem and that he
did not know how they were going to solve it. Mr. Burks continued that his
grandmother’s uncle fought in the civil war and that was how long his family had been in
Appomattox County. Mr. Burks continued that he had worked hard for what he has and
he did it so that his family could do a lot better than he did when he came out of the Navy
with $1800.00. Mr. Burks stated that he owned approximately 400 acres of land in the
County and he should be able to do as he pleases with what he owns. Mr. Burks asked
the Board not to punish him because of what someone else was doing with mobile homes.
Mr. Burks asked if anyone could tell him the Board really wanted to do?
Mr. Bosiger called Mr. Charles Elliott to come forward.
Mr. Elliott came forward and gave his address as Route 2, Appomattox, Virginia. Mr.
Elliott began that the purposed changes would not effect him but they would effect his