293
Option 3: Receive $25,000.00 annually from county plus the brochure funding
every other year.
Chamber can continue to operate the visitor’s center and do a better job to
promote tourism and offer Tina LaValley her full time job back.
They are presently operating under Option 1. They will continue to operate the
Visitors Center and keep it open and they will also continue to monitor the
Chamber finances throughout the year.
After a lengthy question and answer session, everyone was of the opinion that we
needed to keep the projects already under way going and everyone needs to work
together regardless of who is in charge of tourism, the County or the Chamber. If
we lose the reenactment project and others like it, we will never be able to lure
these events back. Mr. Carter thanked both Mr. Lewandowski and Mr. Guild for
their input on this matter.
At 7:25 p.m. Mr. Carter called for a short recess.
The meeting was reopened at 7:32 p.m.
Mr. Carter moved on to the Administrative Items:
1. FY04 Budget Discussion & Adoption: This time has been scheduled by
the Board to make any final budget adjustment and to adopt the FY04
budget. Staff will make the Board aware of any possible changes for the
Board’s consideration, discuss and make revisions, if any, and adopt the
FY04 budget as amended.
Mr. Carwile stated he had received many complaints regarding Driver’s
Education being cut from the school program next year. He understands that it
has been cut to hire additional employees. He also understands that the driver’s
education costs approximately $65,000 to $75,000 per year, plus the cost of an
automobile which would possibly mushroom out to about $100,000 per year. If
what he is hearing is correct, he would ask that the B oard of S upervisors t ake
$100,000 from the School Board budget, put it on hold and if the School does not
offer driver’s training, this money be used to fund o ther means 0 f 0 ffering the
children this training elsewhere.
Mr. Carter has also received numerous calls regarding this issue. It is a major
concern in the upcoming budget. He is supportive of what Mr. Carwile is
suggesting.
Mr. Carter asked D r. Krug— School Superintendent to comment on this. D r.
Krug stated the School Board has not adopted a budget for the upcoming school
year, so he cannot say if there has been any action taken one way or another.